{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17485064", "title": "Jail fire extinguisher deal raises smoke", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) is hardly known to investigate the affairs of the prisons department but here is something the sleuths might want to dig into.Fire extinguishers have been bought for the Central Prison, but the procedures followed in purchasing these raises questions on how transparent the deal was. A survey was conducted in Chanchalguda jail by a firm which suggested the number of fire extinguishers needed. However, that same firm got the order for installing them and the entire deal was carried out in a hush-hush manner.Documents in possession of TOI reveal that there was more to it than meets the eye with the prisons department authorities showing unusual interest in the safety of prisoners. On March 23, 2011, then superintendent of Central Prison, K Kesava Naidu, wrote a letter to the department authorities seeking permission to purchase fire extinguishers. In the letter (Lr no. CPH/Jailor (inner) 4379) dated 23-03-2011, Kesava Naidu pointed out that 'the prison is a very old institution and most of the barracks are in a dilapidated condition and prone to fire accidents'.Kesava Naidu added that M/s GQ Consultants Private Limited surveyed the prison and submitted its report. Based on it, quotations were obtained from the open market to buy the equipment. It was found out that M/s GQ Consultants Private Limited quoted the lowest price. \"Hence, it is proposed to purchase fire extinguishers from them,\" Kesava Naidu said in the letter.In all 12 fire extinguishers were purchased at a cost of Rs 3,94,326. These include nine ABC 10 kg dry powder extinguishers at the rate of Rs 10,584 per piece, four ABC 50 kg dry powder extinguishers at the rate of Rs 57,600 per piece, and one C02-4.5 squeeze grip 4.5 kg extinguisher at the rate of Rs 12,240 apiece.Enquiries by TOI revealed that the prices quoted were several times higher than those available in the market. For example, in the market, the price of one ABC 10 kg dry powder extinguisher is Rs 3,450, the price of ABC 50 kg dry powder extinguisher is Rs 14,500 and the price of C02-4.5 kg squeeze grip is Rs 5,450.But just because the prisons department authorities could have their way in placing the order with the firm of their choice -- M/s GQ Consultants Private Limited -- they got quotations from two other firms which quoted prices slightly more than the first for three types of equipment. So, it was clear that the natural choice should be M/s GQ Consultants Private Limited. Interestingly, documents with TOI show that even the other two quotations could have been filed by M/s GQ as the rubber stamps, the typing and the pattern of quotation look alike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "17484202", "title": "Congress fields Verma, BJP Patel for chief post", "text": "Mhow: The BJP has fielded municipal committee president Devendra Patel while congress has zeroed in on Jagannath Verma for the post of municipal committee president. Apart from them, 27 others have also filed their nominations for the post. In all, 184 persons have filed nominations for the posts of members for 31 wards of the municipal committee.The last day for withdrawal of nominations is Thursday.The BJP is yet decide its candidate for ward no 14 while Congress has not decided its candidate for the ward no 12.For the first time, no party has given their tickets to any north-Indians even as about 65% of the population of the electorate belongs to north India. Due to this, there is an acute discontent among them.The present vice-president Kavita Dwivedi, who hails from UP, was elected from ward no 14 in the last elections and non-declaration of the candidate by the BJP for this ward is being seen as a setback to her. She is meeting the local party leaders and contacting even seniors in Bhopal to ensure her ticket.There are nearly 50,000 voters for the municipal committee, of which more than 30,000 are natives of UP and Bihar who had come in search of livelihood and got settled here. As far as the matter of Dwivedi is concerned, her ward no 14 is the biggest ward of Pithampur and has about 85% north Indians.Sushil Mishra, who hails from Bihar and works in a factory, told TOI that the effect of neglecting north Indians will be seen not only in this ward but also in other wards.Satyanarayan Yadav, a trader hailing from UP told that in the last elections, BJP had given tickets to three north Indians viz Kavita Dwivedi, Kavita Singh and Uma Sonik, who had registered sweeping victories with an overwhelming support from the north Indians. Yadav said that both congress and BJP have overlooked this crucial factor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17484226", "title": "Food catering at school fest to be made strict: DPI", "text": "KOCHI: To avoid any untoward incident or case of food poisoning, the director of public instructions has made it clear that food inspector will inspect the utensils of all those who have applied for food catering at the state school kalotsavam in Malappuram. Also, the caterer should possess a health card.The 53rd edition of the state school arts festival will be held from January 14 to January 20. Around 12,000 students are expected to compete in 232 events.The caterer will have to serve food for eight days. Almost 10,000 participants will be served breakfast -- either idli, kichdi, appam, nool puttu, puttu, vella appam, chappati or poorie along with tea. The caterer will have to prepare lunch for 20,000. The menu for lunch includes rice, payasam, sambar, rasam, moru, kalan, olan, aviyal, erisherry, chips, pickle, papadam, pachadi, kichadi and payasam. The caterer will have to compulsorily serve five items.Snacks have to be served during tea time for 10,000 and dinner has to be prepared for 15,000. The dinner may even include chappati and curry.Tenders have also been invited for stage decoration. The government has for the first time asked schools to collect \"voluntary\" donation from students to host the festival. Headmasters of government, aided and unaided schools following the state syllabus have been asked to collect Rs 5 from students in classes V to XII towards state school arts festival. Students in classes V to XII participate in the event. There are over 31 lakh students in classes V to XII in government, aided and unaided schools following the state syllabus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17486448", "title": "Residents of Kallamedu plead for basic amenities", "text": "COIMBATORE: It used to be an open well many years ago but has suffered a gradual decline and is presently a sewage and garbage disposal pit, threatening the safety of children residing in Kallamedu near Selvapuram, in the city.In a desperate attempt to protect their children, residents have cordoned of f the area with wooden sticks and ropes. In the absence of proper sewage disposal network in the locality some residents are forced to drain out their household sewage into this well. They have been doing this for the past few years but now it has emerged as a major civic issue in the locality.\"We decided to cordon off the area as it is very unsafe for the children both from the housing unit and the homes in the neighbourhood. But it still is a major health hazard for all of us here and we are hoping that the city corporation will take measures to clean it up and also provide a solution for disposing off our sewage and garbage,\" said Shahul Hameed, a resident of Kallamedu.The area has a perennial sewage problem as the housing unit apartments are yet to be given Underground Drainage Connections. There are open pipelines in the locality through which sewage is being temporarily let out including one which leads into the open well. The residents say they have no option as the apartments have been earmarked to be demolished and they will be allotted alternate housing facilities. Some do not wish to be relocated. They just want basic civic amenities.\"Proper toilet and sewage facilities are the immediate requirement of the people here in Kallamedu. The issue has been taken up with the city corporation officials on numerous occasions in the past,\" said H Abbas, another resident of Kallamedu.The local ward councillor A Sadik Ali said that he had recently visited the area and has asked corporation officials to clean up and close the open pit. The issue was also discussed at the South Zone review meeting of the corporation held on Monday evening, he said.\"We are also trying to ensure that proper drainage and sewage disposal facilities are extended to the residents at the earliest. The issue has been discussed with officials and possible measures including levelling the open well will be done at the earliest,\" said Sadik Ali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17484110", "title": "Indian Institute of Management professor to move court over termination order", "text": "INDORE: Close on the heels of a recent directive from the Madhya Pradesh high court against the director of Indian Institute of Management (IIM-I) N Ravichandran to pay Rs 15 lakh dues with interest to a contractor, a professor from the institute has decided to challenge his termination order in the court of law.Nitin Agarwal, a senior professor who taught operations management and quantitative techniques has once again decided to fight a legal battle. \"The only hope left to fight against injustice is the court of law. I am completing the paper work and will submit the petition in the court,\" said Agarwal, speaking to TOI.Agarwal said that he has necessary evidence to challenge the probe panel recommendations on the basis of which he was terminated from the service at the institute. \"The allegations put up by the director are baseless. I have proof in which the director has altered his statements given to the enquiry panel set up to terminate him from service,\" he said.Agarwal had been facing the ire of Ravichandran, who, earlier, had allegedly not allowed him to resume service after two-year sabbatical for pursuing advance studies abroad. On July 23, 2007 Agarwal went abroad and came back to resume service on July 20, 2009. However, the director did not allow him to join. Later, Agarwal moved high court which ordered the director to allow him to rejoin.Agarwal said, \"I had all the documents and necessary approval before going for a sabbatical. When I returned, circumstances changed and I was not allowed to join. I moved court and after its orders, I could resume the service on January 6, 2011.\"Soon, an enquiry was ordered against him alleging misconduct. The enquiry body was headed by S P Dube, a retired IAS officer . The enquiry had reportedly found him guilty of the allegations leveled and finally on April 2, 2012, he was terminated from service.When contacted, Ravichandran refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17485714", "title": "Cycling plan punctured by inaction", "text": "JAIPUR: Broad, well-maintained roads and of course lesser vehicles zipping past you is a wishful thinking.A major attempt to minimize vehicular pollution in the city is gathering dust, following local bodies' indifference towards the project. The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) and Embarq, the centre for sustainable transport India seem to be in no mood to act upon the proposed public bicycle sharing (PBS) scheme that was aimed to reduce traffic congestion, accidents and pollution.While, in cities like Gurgaon, development authorities are all set to initiate the new type of public transportation - 'bicycle sharing system' to encourage people to pedal rather than opting for diesel-guzzling cars and autorickshaws, the JDA even after a year is not able to move a inch forward as Embarq has shown apprehension in absence of funds.Director engineering, NC Mathur, said, \"The Centre has not allocated funds to PBS in other cities and this has demotivated the firm to prepare the detailed project report.\" He added, \"On November 15, I have insisted the firm to complete the work of preparing (DPR) and if possible, JDA will take up the project on its own.\" The scheme was proposed for ten cities including Jaipur.According to the official, a dedicated team of JDA staffers along with Embarq had to prepare a detailed project report (DPR) after conducting a survey in areas such as the Walled City, where the scheme will help to reduce maximum congestion.In the proposal received from Embarq, the Centre for Sustainable Transport India, it was mentioned that seven of the trips in Jaipur are on bicycles and this needs to be further strengthened as bicycle is pollution-free and also provides health benefits. The bicycle sharing scheme was proposed to be implemented under Public Private Partnership (PPP).Explaining the concept, an official said, \"Bicycle sharing is a public transportation system based on bicycles, generally stored in a closely spaced network of stations. With a smart card or other form of identification, a user can take a bicycle from a station and return it to any other station. About 200 cities across the globe have successfully adopted the PBS.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17486162", "title": "Back to Noti Binodini's times", "text": "KOLKATA: While the rest of the city is celebrating the 150th birth anniversaries of Tagore, Swami Vivekananda and Acharya Prafulla Chandra Ray, here are some people connected with the city's theatre scene who have decided to celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of Noti Binodini, the legendary theatre personality of the latter half of the 19th century of the city who set the stage on fire night after night for nearly three decades starting with her debut in 1874.Academy Theatre, the organising group closely working with social organisations, publishing houses and cultural activists towards reviving theatre music of the 19th century, will be celebrating Binodini's 150th birth anniversary with a two-day festival at the Academy of Fine Arts on December 6 and 7.Christened Binodini Gatha, the festival will showcase Mancha Gaan, that was popularised by Girish Ghosh and his favourite disciple Binodini on stage. Mancha Gaan meant songs that formed part of the script of the play.Binodini, the prima donna of Bengali stage, debuted in the play 'Hemlata' written by Haralal Ray. She was only 12 years old then and had found in the already legendary Girish Ghosh, a guardian cum teacher. Her famous plays Nal Damayanti, Chaitanya, Billa Mangal and many others captured the imagination of the theatre-going elite Bengali crowd like a house on fire.However, despite the fact that Girish Ghosh's group survived primarily on her prowess, she was never treated with respect and was always made to feel a \"fallen woman\", who was \"also an actress.\"In 1883, Girish Ghosh and his close aides pressed Binodini for financial help and much to her reservations she was able to acquire the Rs 50,000 required for the theatre from a young Marwari gentleman who agreed to pay the amount in return for her services.Her colleagues did not keep their promise and name the theatre after her but it was christened Star Theatre, not the same one that we know on Bidhan Sarani, but the one that was built on 68, Beadon Street and doesn't exist anymore.Interestingly, Binodini lived in a house located almost adjacent to the present Star Theatre.It was amid such personal turmoil and tragedy that Binodini gained the blessings of Sri Ramakrishna Paramahansa, who guided her spiritually through her tribulations. Later Girish Ghosh too gained Ramakrishna's blessings and love. He was a regular at Binodini's plays and even called her 'Ma' . After Ramakrishna's death in 1886, Binodini retired from stage performances at the peak of her career, though she lived for 50 more years.Debjit Bandopadhyay, singer and old Bengali music revivalist, says: \"We will be showcasing at least 14 mancha gaans that were sung by Noti Binodini in the several plays that she acted in. These were unique in content in their language and statements, very different from the conservative social expressions of the times. The songs were part of the script of her plays. We have been able to collect most of her plays and the notations of her songs. These will be showcased in the two-day event.\"The two-day festival will also showcase rare pictures of Binodini, both on and off stage. Sutanuti Boimela Committee, an organisation working towards preserving Kolkata's heritage, is collaborating with Academy Theatre for this and has painstakingly collected photographs and articles which were considered lost. A book by the name of 'Binodini Gatha', containing rare articles on Binodini by the likes of Girish Ghosh and Rasaraj Amritalal Basu and Binodini's own articles, will be published by Sutradhar, which specialises in heritage publishing.\"The most interesting bit of the book is perhaps Binodini's own article, 'Amar Abhinetri Jibon', which came out towards the end of her career in a magazine called 'Rup O Ranga', which none other than Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay and Nirmal Chandra Chunder used to edit,\" said Suman Bhowmick, editor of Sutradhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17486783", "title": "7-year-old boy dies after eating stale groundnuts", "text": "CHENNAI: A seven-year-old boy died and his father and brother took ill after they ate some stale groundnuts at their house in Triplicane on Sunday night.While Mohan Kumar, a class 2 student, was declared dead on arrival at the Institute of Child Health in Egmore, the condition of his brother Karthik, admitted to the same hospital, is stable. Their father Manoharan is recovering at a private hospital in Triplicane.Manoharan, a tailor at a bedsheet-making firm in Zam Bazaar, bought biriyani from a roadside shop near his house on Johny John Khan Street and consumed it with his wife Kalavathi and their sons. Later, Manoharan and his sons ate some groundnuts that had been boiled three days ago. Soon after eating the groundnuts, the three vomited the food and swooned.They were taken to a private hospital nearby. The two boys were then shifted to the ICH where Mohan Kumar was declared dead on arrival. His body was later sent to the government general hospital for autopsy. Doctor S Saravanan conducted postmortem on the child's body. \"We are yet to get the postmortem report from doctors. We will pursue the case after ascertaining the cause of death based on doctors' opinion,\" a police officer said.Doctors, who conducted the postmortem, could not come to a conclusion on the cause of death. \"There are no chances of choking because he vomited food. We have sent samples of the food from his stomach for pathological studies. The results will reveal if it was caused by food poisoning,\" said a senior member of the forensic department at GH. Kalavathi in her complaint didn't mention the biriyani the family ate, but said the vomiting was probably triggered by the stale groundnuts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17486272", "title": "State students to be global fraud busters", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students of Gujarat Forensic Sciences University (GFSU) in Gandhinagar will now investigate cases of Malaysian insurance fraud.A Malaysian firm signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the university last month to employ the students for forensic investigation of insurance claims. The samples of important cases will be analyzed by the Directorate of Forensic Sciences (DFS).Dr J M Vyas, director general of GFSU, told TOI that the development was a breakthrough for the university's students. \"The Institute of Forensic Science of the university signed the MoU with Approved Group International of Malaysia under which on-the-campus students will be able to get involved with investigations taking place overseas,\" he said.\"The company works as an independent and definitive claim assessor for insurance companies worldwide. The collaboration will not only give international exposure to the students but will also enhance their understanding of cases in real-life situations.\"The company officials visited the campus earlier this year and had expressed an interest in cooperating.How will the system work? Dr M S Dahiya, director, Institute of Forensic Science, said that insurance companies need expert opinion to assess major claims involving cases such as fire and explosion, electrical failure, structure collapse, sinking of vessels, machine failure or vehicle accidents.\"Forensic science plays a major role in assessing various factors and providing an independent and unbiased opinion,\" Dahiya said.\"Experts construct scenarios and also analyze the samples found from the spot. The students will be involved from the early stage of an investigation, working with teams in different countries through technology, and will also be given samples that will be analyzed at DFS laboratories.\"If needed, the students will also visit the spot of an accident or a disaster to gather additional information. The selected students will intern with the company's Mumbai office. DFS already has a history of case analyses for Indian insurance companies.The DFS of Gujarat is among the few institutions in the country that has ability to perform remote forensic analysis through video-conferencing. The technology will be used for the cooperation, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17485687", "title": "Educational bodies must create complaint panels: Lad Kumari", "text": "JAIPUR: The State Women's Commission has issued fresh guidelines for educational institutes making it mandatory for them to form a Complaint Committee for 'Prevention of Sexual Harassment at Work Place' with immediate effect.The move came after the commission was alarmed over the rise in harassment cases in educational institutes. The commission issued a statement and said it was mandatory for institutes having more than 50 girl students or 50 women employees to constitute a committee headed by a woman.\"The committee should be formed in accordance with the Vishaka Guidelines set by Supreme Court. These committees should vary from institute to institute depending upon the number of workers and students. Its members comprising officials, teachers and girls students,\" said Lad Kumari Jain, chairperson, State Women Commission.The committee is empowered to receive complaints and initiate enquiry. It has to direct its findings to the commission for final report. \"The committee members have to attach a copy of complaint, findings and suggested action to the commission. The state commission will evaluate the suggested action according to prevailing laws,\" said Jain.The commission has felt the need to form such committees after they learnt that several cases of harassment go unnoticed in the absence of any platform. Soon after the Banasthali fiasco, the commission members inspected several private universities, engineering, management and medical colleges. \"I was surprised to find that at many places there was no mechanism to solve the problems of girls,\" said Lad, refusing to name of colleges inspected by them.Sources said two universities which are facing inquiry by the commission - NIMS University and Bhagwant University -- doesn't have a any platform for girls students to address their grievences. The commission also asked the institutes to hold seminars making women aware on legal remedies they can exercise while at institute or at work place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17484173", "title": "Odia signage beckon at Bali Yatra", "text": "CUTTACK: The historic Bali Yatra has reinforced the Odia identity, abiding by the district administration's directive to promote Odia language on sign boards of stalls. Such a move was initiated by the government for the first time. Most stalls earlier displayed signage only in English.\"Our attempt has yielded a positive response. More than 85% stalls have put up sign boards written in Odia,\" said Cuttack district collector Girish S N. \"There were very few violations. Though there was no restriction on use of other languages, we had asked traders not to ignore Odia,\" the collector said.Section 38 of Odisha Shops and Commercial Establishment Act, 1956, stipulates display of names and address of commercial establishments prominently in Odia.Vendors said the move helped them attract more crowd as not many visiting the fair are conversant with English and Hindi. \"Odia signage can attract eyeballs more than any other language for Odia people. Since the fair highlights the state's rich art, craft and culture, we added value to it by putting up Odia signage outside our shops,\" said Sitakant Pati, owner of a food joint.Members of a socio-cultural outfit Utkal Sammilani hailed the initiative. \"We have been pursuing the cause since long. It is good to see the district administration enforce it,\" said Rabi Ranjan Sahu, president (Cuttack unit) of the sammilani. \"The government should make it mandatory across the state as the guideline is not being strictly enforced in various districts. Adequate awareness should be created among people regarding this,\" Sahu said.Bali Yatra-hoppers from outside the state too were impressed with the Odia affinity. \"We did not have any problem reading out the signage as the traders had also written in English and Hindi,\" said Barshali Bhattacharya, a visitor from West Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17486715", "title": "6L radio sets distributed among mahadalits: Minister", "text": "PATNA: The state government has so far distributed about six lakh radio sets among Mahadalits across the state to make them aware of the government welfare schemes and other information, the state assembly was informed on Tuesday.SC/ST welfare minister Jitan Ram Manjhi, while replying to a question by JD-U's Manjit Kumar Singh, said the government has set a target to distribute 21 lakh radio sets among mahadalits by 2014. The scheme had been launched by CM Nitish Kumar under Bihar Mahadalit Vikas Mission on February 25 this year.As per the plan, radio sets will be made available to all the 21 lakh families by the end of 2014. It will cost the government Rs 85 crore. Under the scheme, each mahadalit family is being provided a coupon worth Rs 400 after identification and thorough verification. The families procure a radio set from the radio fair being held at all the 534 blocks covering 45,103 villages under 8,442 panchayats. Two radio-manufacturing companies have been shortlisted.The scheme is not only aimed at distributing radios among the mahadalits but also air exclusive programmes for around 2 crore population on AIR propagating and educating them about literacy, sanitation, health and disseminate information about the government's schemes besides cultural programmes, all in local dialect. Three places - Patna, Gaya and Muzaffarpur - have been selected in the first phase from where community-based radio programme will be aired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17484374", "title": "Committee to study effects of human interference on rivers, water bodies", "text": "PUNE: The four-member committee appointed by the Bombay High Court (HC) to prepare a report on the status of ongoing stormwater drain works will also look into the effects of human interference on rivers and water bodies.The HC had appointed the committee last month to visit sites and inspect the construction work of stormwater drainage system undertaken by the PMC and verify whether any of the activity of the civic body is inconsistent with the six recommendations given by the Ministry of Environment and Forests (MOEF). The committee will prepare the report and submit the same to the court.The committee held its first meeting at the PMC office on Monday. One of the members insisted that besides inspecting stormwater drains, the committee should also look into macro issues like rivers and water bodies. It was decided that a comprehensive report will be prepared and submitted to the HC.The committee report is likely to be a vital document for the city. Encroachments, constructions in water bodies - including nullahs, its tributaries and natural streams - is a major cause of concern since blockages in the out flow of water during monsoon results in flooding all over the city.The PMC's survey conducted with the help of satellite images had concluded that the nullahs and its tributaries in the city measure more than 350 kms and many of them are being encroached upon.\"The committee had a mandate to look into the specific issue of stormwater drain. But we will also cover the macro issue. Death of rivers and water bodies is interconnected with the stormwater project. There is a need to have a comprehensive view on this issue and we will definitely go into the details,\" said a committee member.City activists have always said that the PMC's stormwater drain project is destroying water bodies, especially river beds. The stormwater drainage system has been given a financial assistance of Rs 177.95 crore from the JNNURM.The Baner Area Sabha, a residents' group and Jal Biradari, a social organisation, had filed a case on March 21, 2011, seeking a stay on construction and praying for restoration of all water bodies.The PMC then told the HC that the stormwater drainage system is absolutely necessary to check water-logging, flooding, loss to life and property and provide safety, good health to citizens and improve hygienic conditions in the city. The project got approved in 2009 and the work started in March next year.The petitioners submitted that if the court is inclined to grant permission to the PMC, it should make it mandatory for the PMC to undertake the construction strictly in accordance with the recommendations of the expert appraisal committee of the MOEF. The PMC agreed, but said that it will carry out the concretization only if the carrying capacity of the nullah is inadequate for the chosen design criteria.The PMC said that while designing the new sewer system it will relocate the sewer line outside the drains to prevent ground water contamination.The HC had stated: \"We want to make it clear that the corporation should not carry out the activity of concretization without obtaining permission of this court. The corporation is required to relocate sewer line outside the drains immediately so as to prevent ground water contamination through percolation\".However, following continued \"concretization\" work on the river bed, Jalbiradari recently filed a contempt case against the PMC and its officials alleging violation of the stay order.Jalbiradari sought action under the Contempt of Court Act against the officers of the PMC as well as the contractor for having disobeyed the orders passed by the court.The Jalbiradari submitted that the PMC while undertaking construction for the stormwater drainage system violated all the recommendations of the MOEF. However, the PMC contended that the construction is as per the recommendations.The petitioner and the PMC both agreed that the committee of four persons be constituted to look into this aspect and carry out inspection and be asked to submit its report to this court within a stipulated period.The city administration insists that the city is in dire need of sufficient stormwater drains to tackle heavy downpours, but the PMC has been unable to do much by way of extending the existing network.\"The existing network of stormwater drains has a capacity to handle only 56 mm of rainfall. It has led to many water-logging incidents over the last few years. The PMC needs Rs 2,000 crore to redo the network to tackle heavy showers.\" said a civic official.The city has a road network of over six lakh running meters while the stormwater drain network is about 2.98 lakh running meters.Recommendations of Ministry of Environment and Forests", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17486536", "title": "Canadian government returned warrant in Lavalin case: CBI in court", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The CBI on Tuesday informed the special court hearing the SNC Lavalin case that the Canadian government had returned the warrant of Klaus Triendl, the sixth accused in the case, as a result of which they could not execute his warrant.The CBI officers submitted this when the court gathered to hear the petitions of Pinarayi Vijayan and two other accused in the case. The court later posted the hearings to December 11 as the CBI prosecutor was not present in the court.Vijayan has, in his petition, sought that the case should be split into two. The trial has been delayed as the CBI could not execute the warrants of Klaus Triendl and SNC Lavalin, listed as the ninth accused in the case. He wanted the case against Klaus Triendl and the company to be treated as a separate one to expedite the trial.In his petition, Vijayan alleged that the indefinite delay in the commencement of the trial denied his right of fair and speedy trial guaranteed under Article 21 of the Constitution. He alleged that the CBI had not taken effective steps to execute the warrants.The petitions of two other accused in the case - former power secretary A Francis and former KSEB chairman P A Siddhartha Menon -- seeking discharge from the case will also be heard on December 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17485199", "title": "Web monitoring system for primary health centres launched", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The district health department launched a web monitoring system for primary health centres (PHCs) on a pilot basis on Tuesday connecting the district medical and health office with the PHCs or community health centres (CHCs). Inaugurated by district collector V Seshadri, to begin with 30 PHCs out of 86 and 12 CHCs will be connected by this system and later will be extended to all other PHCs.District PRO A Babji said, \"The monitoring system through Skype will enable district medical and health officials to keep track of attendance of doctors in rural areas, out-patient turnover, occurrence of diseases and video conferencing with staff at PHCs and CHCs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17485575", "title": "HC hikes meagre maintenance NRI pays ex-wife in US", "text": "MUMBAI: Bombay high court on Tuesday hiked the maintenance that a US-based Indian has to pay his wife after finding merit in her contention that a meagre US $300 cannot sustain her there. The couple, living separately, are pursuing their careers in Boston.A division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode hiked the maintenance from US $300 to US $1,200 or equivalent to Sheila Birajdar (name changed). The judges took into consideration the record which showed that her husband Aneesh earns US $9,000 monthly and said Sheila is entitled to US $1,200 (approximately Rs 65,000), which is not even one-third of his salary. \"It is the minimum amount required to sustain oneself in the US,'' said Justice Kanade. The judges also noted Sheila's expenses of food, clothing, conveyance and medical and added that maintenance of US $300 awarded by the Pune family court is insufficient.Sheila had challenged the Pune family court's May 2011 order, directing her a monthly maintenance of Rs 15,000, which was then approximately $300. The FC dismissed Aneesh's divorce plea and allowed Sheila's plea for restitution of conjugal rights. Sheila had sought Rs 2.5 lakh as monthly maintenance. Aneesh had also challenged the dismissal of his divorce plea.Aneesh works as principal consultant with IBM in Boston. The couple married in Pune on May 6, 2007, and left for the US to pursue their careers. Sheila returned immediately, saying her grandmother was unwell. Aneesh filed for divorce in 2008. Sheila went to Boston in 2010 and joined Cambridge College where she completed her MBA in hospital administration. Sheila had completed her dentistry in India.Sheila's advocate Ramesh Lalwani had informed the court that she has enrolled for a two-year course of master of science in health care informatics and is in genuine need for money as she cannot work with her F1 visa. He also said that Aneesh earns over Rs 4 lakh a month and while he requires US $3,700 for basic expenses to survive in the US, she also requires a similar amount. The court was also informed that when they got married, Aneesh had agreed to finance her education and just because there is a rift, the situation should not change.Aneesh's advocates Ashutosh Kumbhakoni and Geeta Mulekar countered that Sheila is equally educated and in a position to earn. The court was told that those who go to study in the US also work simultaneously. But the judges rejected his contention that she can practise as a dentist and noted that she is currently on a student visa and therefore cannot practise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17486875", "title": "Shell out \u00c2\u00a346,000 for a flying tricycle, beat rush-hour traffic", "text": "LONDON: A man in the US has built a tricycle that will let you soar into the sky and cruise over rush-hour traffic jams. The motor-tricycle , called the super sky cycle, has been developed by Larry Neal from Aurora in Texas and consists of a 582cc engine and a three-blade 68-inch propeller.It can fly at 56kmph, land in 20ft of space and has a top land speed of 104kph. It has a five hour flight time without refueling, and costs \u00c2\u00a346,000, the 'Daily Mail' reported.However, the vehicle requires a pilot's licence to fly. Neal, of The Butterfly Aircraft LLC, has just been awarded a US Patent to build the vehicle on a large scale and sell it to the general public . He already has several orders for national and international companies.The project has been in development for several years but hit a stumbling block as Neal could not work out what to do with the propellers once the vehicle landed.However, he overcame this problem by making them foldable -- allowing the vehicle to be driven on regular roads. The Texas border patrol has already made a large order of these flying machines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17484320", "title": "Suspended by International Olympic Committee, India faces ban from Olympics", "text": "NEW DELHI: The India Olympic Association's suspension from the Olympic movement will have far-reaching consequences . The IOA will no longer get funds from IOC and the officials will not be invited by the IOC to attend its events like the Olympics and Paralympics.The Indian athletes will not be allowed to compete under the tricolour but could be permitted to compete under the IOC flag. The Olympic Council of Asia and the Commonwealth Games Federation are also expected to follow suit, which will result in similar sanctions as far as the Asian Games and Commonwealth Games are concerned.The IOC had been threatening \u00e2\u20ac\u201din a series of letters in the past few days to slap sanctions on India for following the government's Sports Code in the IOA elections, which the international body insists is against the Olympic charter. The adherence to the Sports Code has been interpreted as \"government interference in the Olympic movement\" by the IOC.The suspension came just a day before the IOA elections, which top IOA officials said would go ahead as per schedule . IOA is holding the elections on the directive of the Delhi high court which has asked the sports body to conduct the polls as per its own constitution as well as the Sports Code. \"We are going ahead with the elections. We are yet to receive any official communication from the IOC. Let us get that first, which we will place before IOA's AGM tomorrow,\" IOA acting president Vijay Malhotra told TOI.IOC took the decision after it snubbed IOA's bid to send a two-member delegation to explain its position. IOA's incoming president Abhey Singh Chautala termed the decision as \"one-sided\" . \"IOA has sent a letter to IOC regarding sending two officials to discuss the issue . There was no response from IOC. This is a one-sided decision,\" he told reporters.It has been learnt that IOC member in India, Randhir Singh , did not attend the meeting in Lausanne since the members of countries which are facing sanctions are usually asked to stay away from the meeting.That the suspension was imminent was evident from the development in the run-up to the elections. After a series of letters asking IOA to follow the Olympic charter, the IOC gave the first warning of suspension on November 23. Another warning came five days ago.Interestingly, IOC's decision has been welcomed by some former and current sportspersons who feel it presents an opportunity to cleanse the mess in IOA. \"As a patriotic sportsperson,this is the most embarrassing moment for me,\" shooter Moraad Ali Khan told TOI. \"However, given the mess in Indian sports in the last few years, this could be the best thing to happen.\"Sports minister Jitendra Singh termed the IOC's move as an \"unfortunate decision\" .\"It is a very unfortunate decision for the sporting community . I still don't know the details but once we learnt about the mess we wrote to the IOC. They never responded.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17486312", "title": "Wife, 2 kids jump into river; shocked man hangs self", "text": "BELGAUM: A marital misunderstanding ended with a family persihing in Bedakihala village in Chikkodi taluk, 90 km from here on Tuesday. The deceased are Anil Sutar, 28, Sarika Sutar, 23, Homa, 3, and Gowri, 2. Sarika Sutar along with her two children--Homa and Gowri -- committed suicide by jumping into Dudhsagar river after a dispute with her husband. The husband, who was unaware of the incident was hunting for them for three days. On Tuesday morning, he saw their bodies floating in the river. Shell-shocked at the suicide of his wife and children, Anil went home and hanged himself. Sadalaga police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17484781", "title": "iTunes debuts in India; download HD movie for Rs 490", "text": "NEW DELHI: After a long long wait, Indian iPad, iPod and iPhone users can now purchase their favourite Bollywood and regional music and movies and books from iTunes store in local currency, with Apple launching the service in the country.A high definition version of a movie like Ek Tha Tiger is available for purchase for Rs 490, while the standard version is available for Rs 290. Users also get the option to rent the title for Rs 120 (HD version) or for Rs 80 (SD version).Songs are priced at about Rs 12. Latest Bollywood albums, like 'Ek Tha Tiger', is available for Rs 96. Users can also rent and download movies. Movies from major global studios, including 2 0th Century Fox, Sony Pictures Home Entertainment, The Walt Disney Studios and Warner Bros Pictures as well as local distributors would also be available for download.In India, Apple iTunes store will face competition from Nokia Music Store that has a catalogue of over 4.5 million songs, and Flipkart's digital music store, Flyte. iTunes Store was simultaneously launched in 55 other countries, including Russia, Turkey, and South Africa and users can buy local and international content. iTunes Store, a popular service in the US, is already available in 119 countries. Nokia claims that its music stores sees 1.4 million song downloads a day.Meanwhile, global music giant Sony Music has uploaded half a million songs on iTunes music store, India, including Bollywood, International and Tamil film songs. \"The experience, range and the market friendly pricing is very attractive, so we are confident that the store is going to make a big impact.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17486931", "title": "CPM privilege notice against Becharam", "text": "KOLKATA: Abreach of privilege motion by the CPM in the assembly is set to make Manna's winter more uncomfortable. \"We have received a privilege notice from CPM MLA Abdur Rezzak Mollah, which will be placed in the House on December 10,\" Speaker Biman Banerjee said. The winter session begins on December 7.It's ironical that the person tasked to soothe a restive Singur has landed the Trinamool in more trouble. The discomfiture within the party ranks was apparent when industries minister Partha Chatterjee sought to distance himself from Manna's comments.\"We have full faith in the judiciary and will speak to him. We want to see the farmers of Singur getting back their land quickly. But everything has to be done in accordance with the law. We respect the law,\" Chatterjee said. Manna himself tried to cobble up a defence: \"I did not say anything derogatory about the judges. I said I have full faith in the judiciary.\"On December 2, Manna didn't limit itself to criticizing the high court judgment. He had also allegedly said that if the Supreme Court were to turn down the state's appeal against the high court order, people would occupy the disputed land and \"create new laws\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17486424", "title": "DMDK MLA jailed for disrupting police work released on bail", "text": "COIMBATORE: Mettur MLA and DMDK leader S R Parthiban was released from Coimbatore Central Prison on Tuesday after a court in Attur near Salem granted him conditional bail. The order was given by Attur munsif court judge Ansari on Monday. A copy was presented at the prison on Tuesday and the MLA was released immediately. It was on last Wednesday that Thalaivasal police arrested Parthiban on charges of disrupting police from doing their work during a public meeting held a couple of days before.He was arrested under sections 143 (whoever is a member of an unlawful assembly), 341 (punishment for wrongful restraint) and 188 (disobedience to order duly promulgated by public servant) of Indian Penal Code.Clashes broke out between DMDK and AIADMK functionaries during a public meeting in Thalaivasal during November last after Durai Karuppazhaki of DMKD allegedly defamed chief minister Jayalalithaa in his speech. Thalaivasal police registered a case against eight DMDK functionaries including Gangavalli constituency MLA R Subha.Meanwhile, MLAs SR Parthiban (Mettur) and Azhagapuram R Mohanraj (Salem II) argued with police when they tried to arrest DMDK speaker Durai Karuppazhaki and others. Hence, police registered a fresh case against SR Parthiban for not allowing them to do their duties and arrested him on Wednesday. DMDK leader Vijayakanth had visited Parthiban in prison on Monday and had accused the government of harassing opposition leaders. He had even dared the administration to arrest him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17485835", "title": "Swap hope for kidney patients", "text": "KOLKATA: Some city hospitals have made things slightly easier for hundreds of kidney patients who suffer a painful wait for a renal transplant due to absence of suitable organ donors.Swap transplant - a relatively new concept in India - is a viable solution for kidney failure patients who have a prospective donor, but with an unmatched blood group. Some doctors are now maintaining a database of such kidney patient-donor pairs. So, if the blood group of the donor of one pair matches that of the recipient of another pair or vice versa, it can lead to a successful renal transplant.Amar Nath Patra was just 15 years old when he was detected with renal failure at AIIMS. The Cuttack resident was referred to Rabindranath Tagore International Institute for Cardiac Sciences (RTIICS) in Kolkata with his mother Nivedita as a prospective donor. Unfortunately, their blood groups did not match.Around the same time, doctors at RTIICS were treating Debnath Bhattacharya (45) from Baleswar, a medical representative who also needed kidney transplant. Though his wife Saswatiswarupa was willing to donate a kidney, their blood groups did not match.But doctors found that the blood group of Amar Nath and Saswatiswarupa and that of Debnath and Nivedita matched perfectly. And that's when Dr Deepak Shankar Ray, RTIICS nephrology and renal transplantation head, stepped in. \"After the families agreed to swap organs, we got all legal formalities done. Thus, the first swap transplant in eastern India was performed in October 2006. Now, Amar Nath is an engineer while Debnath is a successful drug distributor,\" smiled Dr Ray.Since then, RTIICS has performed 12 swap transplants, the latest one being in August. Kidney ailment is on the rise and the hospital gets about 10 to 15 new cases every month. But due to non availability of an organ donor, a patient requiring kidney transplant has to wait for anything between two and three months. At government hospitals, the wait could be much longer.\"Swap transplant should be encouraged as it will not only help solve the problem of organ shortage, but also discourage illegal organ trading. But no government hospital in Bengal has so far taken such an initiative,\" admitted a nephrologist at SSKM Hospital.The only other private hospital in the city that has conducted a swap kidney transplant is Wockhardt, which is now part of Fortis Hospital.\"Swap kidney transplant started in Korea. They maintain a national data of recipients and donors, making it simpler to increase the number of swap transplants. We could start similar initiative on a smaller scale. We can start by sharing such data with other hospitals and exchange matching donors. I have started talking this out with fellow nephrologists,\" said Ray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17483988", "title": "Dearness allowance for state staff at par with Centre if voted to power: Digvijay Singh", "text": "BHOPAL: If the Congress is voted back to power in Madhya Pradesh, state government employees will be paid dearness allowance at par with Central government employees,'' AICC general secretary and former chief minister Digvijay Singh said on Tuesday evening.Nine years after he was voted out of power, Digvijay Singh convened a press conference at the state Congress headquarters to claim that the ruling BJP was deceiving state government employees by paying them delayed dearness allowance. The delay has been over 133 months which amounted to Rs 19,450 crore in DA payments which the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government has digested'', he alleged.The former chief minister defended that his policies undertaken during his 10-year term were pro-state employees and always for their benefit.Digvijay Singh's statement comes exactly a month after chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan announced a 7% DA hike as a reward to state employees on November 1, celebrated as Madhya Pradesh foundation day. This was the second pay hike in five months for government employees. The Congress challenged the pay-hikes and claimed the state was actually double-dealing and deceitfully grabbing government employees' rightful salaries.During Congress rule, state government employees and pensioners were paid dearness allowance at par with Central government employees. Though we usually announced it three to four months after the Centre but state employees were paid all the arrears and from the day of its implementation by the union government,'' Digvijay Singh said. The BJP government, on the other hand, did not pay state employees the dearness allowance at par with the Centre's wage scale.Additionally Rs 9,000 crore payable as DA to pensioners has not been paid. ,'' he accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17484219", "title": "In-laws forcing to withdraw case, claims chastity lock victim", "text": "INDORE: The middle-aged woman, victim of chastity lock, has lodged a complaint with the police on Tuesday that her in-laws are torturing her and forcing her to withdraw the case she had lodged against her husband. The woman's genitals were locked by her 'suspecting' husband.Police confirmed that the woman reached the Sanyogitaganj police station and filed an application in which she has alleged that her in-laws are harassing her and forcing her to withdraw the case. However, police have not registered FIR in the case so far.The victim's husband, Sohanlal, resident of Moosakhedi, had locked the genitals of the woman that was discovere by doctors at the MY Hospital three months ago where she admitted after she alleged tried to commit suicide by consuming poisonous substance.The incident kicked up a storm and her husband was later jailed.In her complaint, the woman told police that her in-laws are trying to convince her to withdraw the case against Sohanlal as he is her husband. She said that he is a criminal and fear that he kill her when he comes out on bail. She further alleged that her husband suspects her of having a physical relationship with her son.\"Around two months ago, she turned up at the district court to oppose her husband's bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17485976", "title": "Admin seeks report on condition of roads in trans-Yamuna areas", "text": "VARANASI: The district administration has decided to take note of the condition of roads lying damaged in trans-Varuna localities. The officials have also sought report on the condition of school vehicles.The roads in trans-Varuna localities are being dug up since 2009 for laying pipelines for sewage, drainage and drinking water supply projects.Before the commencement of monsoon in June, the officials had ordered to fill all the ditches and repair the road.After the agencies concerned failed to improve the condition of roads, some local organizations filed a PIL in Allahabad High Court. In view of orders of HC, the agencies swung into action.But the efforts to repair roads proved a mere eyewash. Except main roads used by officials, the roads leading to residential localities and colonies were left without blacktopping. Due to it, moving on such roads is proving risky. Taking a serious note of complaints in this regard, the ADM city on Tuesday ordered the UP Jal Nigam officials to produce the status report on the condition of roads which were dug up since January 2012.Taking lesson from the recent incidents like killing of four persons after coming under the wheels of a school bus, which had become uncontrolled after failure of steering on Lehartara railway overbridge and use of LPG cylinders to operate auto-rickshaws for carrying school kids, the ADM asked the officials of regional transport office to launch a drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17483813", "title": "Businessman stole bikes to satisfy drug thirst", "text": "BOKARO: A team of district police arrested a businessman, who used to steal vehicles, to satisfy his addiction for drugs. Mohan Kumar Mishra was caught from his residence in Sector-II/D here on Tuesday.Seven motorbikes, which he had sold to the residents at 25% of its actual cost after lifting them from different places of the city, were also recovered from Mishra. He has been sent to judicial custody. One motorbike was stolen from Dhanbad district.The son of a retired employee of the Hindustan Steel Construction Limited, Mishra belongs to a financially sound family and has several properties in Ranchi and Bokaro. He runs a business of selling briefcase, bags and other types of luggage.Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi said he constituted a special team, headed by DSP (city) Anil Shankerto curb the growing theft of motorbikes in the city. The team arrested Mishra who had been sent to jail last year also for stealing cars and motorbikes .After coming out of jail two months ago, Mishra again took to crime. During police interrogation, he confessed that he used to steal vehicles to meet his smack requirement. He had become addicted to smack a couple of years ago and turned into a criminal for money.Of the motorbike recovered, six are of Hero Honda and one is a Kawasaki brand.\"After stealing the vehicles, he used to prepare a sale letter on non-judicial stamp paper and sold to the residents keeping them in dark saying that he is the owner of it. He used to sell the motorbikes between Rs 10,000 to Rs 20,000,\" said the SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17488491", "title": "Deepika and Anushka in fierce competition", "text": "Buzz is, the fiercely competitive Deepika and Anushka are keeping each other on their pretty toesThere are probably two things that Anushka Sharma and Deepika Padukone have in common - a cracker of a debut film and a certain Ranveer Singh . But that's pretty much where it ends. If industry insiders are to be believed, the lovely ladies are going all out to ensure that they stay ahead of each other in the race to the top.Reports suggest they are keeping a strict tab on each other's diary - whether it is for film deals or endorsements. And the latest is that both they are pitching hard for Sajid Nadiadwala's upcoming film Kick.And while Nadiadwala should be happy with the two of them willing to bend backwards for an opportunity to work with Salman Khan , what piqued everyone's curiosity was, how does Deepika intend to adjust her dates? A source close to Deepika pointed out that juggling dates has been her forte: \"She worked out her schedules for Yeh Jawani Hai Deewani and Ram Leela and adjusted her dates again to promote Race 2.Besides, Deepika has missed several opportunities to work with Salman in the past. This time she is keen to make it happen.\" As for Anushka, Kick would go a long way in giving her career the masala makeover that it could do with. Unfortunately for the talented actress, her vivacious, girl-next-door image may have cost her a few top-billed projects.Directors Abbas-Mastan, who worked with Deepika in Race 2 endorse this: \"Deepika is high on style, glamour and screen presence. Anushka is the perfect choice for bubbly roles.\" Besides, the Salman film would also help Anushka get even with Deepika after she lost Ayan Mukerji's Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani by a whisker.While Anushka had been almost finalised for the role, the final push came from Deepika, whose history with Ranbir and renewed friendship ultimately got her role. When contacted, a source from the company that manages Deepika's portfolio rubbished all comparisons between her and Anushka.\"There is hardly any competition to Deepika. Remember, she is the one who's got Ram Leela and Yeh Jawaani . Not Anushka.\" When asked about how Deepika has been sending feelers to Nadiadwala, the source shot back: \"What's wrong with that?\" That Deepika has been 'proactive' in scooping up plum roles is grist for gossip.In fact a leading actress, who had refused a project which went to Deepike recently made a catty remark while speaking to this newspaper off the record: \"She (Deepika) is good at grabbing projects. Wonder why no one notices it.\"While this hectic backroom negotiation often goes unreported, Anushka could not help but take a pot shot at the seemingly fragile Deepika who had taken ill due to exhaustion.In an interview to TOI (November 5), when faced with the question about her being anorexic, Anushka had shot back: \"Have I ever landed up in hospitals saying I am exhausted? I am a very fit girl.\" This came just three months after their close encounter at Ayan Mukerji's party. \"The girls came face-to-face but literally looked through each other. Thankfully, Anushka left the party in a few minutes...\" recalls a guest present at the September 29 bash.The frosty vibes date back to the summer war between the two over some endorsement deals as well. In June this year Anuskha had slashed her endorsement fee from Rs 4 crore to Rs 3 crore to grab a two-wheeler deal, which was first offered to Deepika.In September, Deepika retaliated by signing on a rival two-wheeler brand. Earlier, Deepika had similarly lost out a hair-care product deal to Anushka. Filmmaker Pradeep Sarkar, who has shot several ad campaigns with Deepika, said: \"I have worked with Deepika, who had dominated the modelling scene for a long time.But with Anushka's explosive entry, she is definitely giving Deepika a bit of a run for her money.\" And when all else may be forgiven, Anushka, say sources, may be still smarting over the pace with which Ranveer has moved on. That he is seriously dating Deepika, his co-star in Ram Leela is stuff of general knowledge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17484882", "title": "More work for NMC as local body tax replaces octroi", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) may lose at least some of biggest source of revenue, octroi. The state government has decided to replace octroi with local body tax (LBT), with the process beginning on December 6.NMC received a letter to this effect from the urban development department (UDD) on Tuesday. UDD deputy secretary GA Lokhande has asked a representative from NMC to be present at a meeting convened by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on December 6 at the secretariat in Mumbai. \"Discussions will be held to replace octroi with LBT,\" he said.Six major municipal corporations of the state; NMC, Brihan Mumbai, Pune, Thane, Pimpri-Chinchwad and Navi Mumbai, have been summoned to the meeting.The government has already implemented LBT in grade C and D municipal corporations. \"Now, grade A and B municipal corporations will be covered. The government issued the notification to introduce LBT on March 25, 2010, by enacting the Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporation (Local Body Tax) Rules, 2010,\" sources said.Almost half of NMC's revenue comes from octroi, which was Rs442 crore in the last fiscal. NMC has set a target to increase the revenue to Rs500 crore in the current fiscal. The civic body has been able to propose and execute development projects and also contribute to JNNURM projects due to the high revenue from octroi. The chances of cash-strapped NMC plunging into trouble after abolition of octroi cannot be ruled out.The bare details reaching NMC indicate LBT is based on overall turnover of traders. The exemption from paying LBT is applicable to traders importing goods worth less than Rs5,000 in a year or having annual turnover of less than Rs1 lakh.However, the government's decision to replace octroi with LBT has been opposed by traders. Secretary of Vidarbha Taxpayers Association Tejinder Singh Renu told TOI the move will increase the burden on the traders. \"We have been demanding since long that octroi should be abolished. But introducing LBT instead of octroi is not a welcome step. The problems of traders will increase as we will have to maintain additional records, data of goods imported and sold separately, filing of returns etc. The traders' associations are strongly protesting LBT wherever it has been introduced. We too will oppose LBT,\" he said.Renu added the LBT is nothing less than improper planning. \"Central government is already planning to introduce goods and service tax (GST) through out the country. The GST will help traders as all types of taxes will be clubbed into one. It will be easy for traders to pay tax at one time and at one step,\" he said.Mayor Anil Sole too agreed with his views. \"BJP's agenda is to abolish octroi. But the decision to introduce LBT is new for me. I may be able to comment once I go through LBT. The government should abolish octroi and provide financial assistance to the civic body. But there should not be any difference in the financial conditions, else it may create problems,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17485276", "title": "Blind girl 'raped'", "text": "NEW DELHI: A nine-year-old visually impaired girl was allegedly raped by her former neighbour in central Delhi on Monday. Police said the victim was alone at her residence along Desh Bandhu Gupta Road when the accused, Karan Nepali (23), raped her and fled. The girl's mother, a household help, had taken up a new job and came home late, and her 11-year-old son, too, had not returned from school when the accused entered the house.\"A case was registered on Monday night and the accused was arrested from his residence at Sarai Rohilla early on Tuesday,\" said a senior police officer. Police said the accused, who used to stay in the same neighbourhood, had moved out five months ago.Elsewhere, a one-year-old girl was allegedly raped by her neighbour in Lodhi Colony, south Delhi. The accused, Bhaginder Manjhi, from Bihar , has been nabbed.A third incident was reported from Aman Vihar in Outer Delhi, where a 17-year-old boy was apprehended for allegedly kidnapping and raping her 15-year-old neighbour. The girl had gone missing a few days ago. Police traced both the boy and the victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17486928", "title": "Becharam show-caused by HC", "text": "KOLKATA: The Calcutta high court on Tuesday issued a contempt rule against state minister Becharam Manna for allegedly making derogatory comments about judges' and the judiciary's role in the Singur land dispute.Manna, who was sworn in as minister of state for agriculture last month, had questioned the order passed by the high court on June 22 that held the state's Singur Land Rehabilitation and Development Act, 2011 as unconstitutional and void. The bill was passed by the assembly soon after Mamata Banerjee came to power, with the objective of returning land acquired for the Tata Motors factory in Singur to \"unwilling farmers\" . Speaking to farmers in Singur last Sunday, Manna suggested the CPM and the Tatas had joined hands with judges \"loyal\" to them to get a favourable verdict. The minister, however , claimed the next day the media had twisted his comments.The high court's division bench of Acting Chief Justice Pratap Kumar Roy and Justice Subol Baidya ordered Manna to appear before it on December 18. The minister's alleged comments were brought to the court's notice by lawyers Kallol Bose and Md Samim on Monday. Senior counsel Bikash Bhattacharya filed an appeal on their behalf.Bhattacharya told the bench Manna's comments, published in newspapers and aired on TV channels, made a fit case for criminal contempt. He claimed Manna, during a public meeting to observe \"Singur Diwas\" on December 2 at Beraberi market, seemed to suggest high court judgments were made not on merit but \"bought\" . \"If no action is taken, it will send a poor message to people,\" he said. In response, the bench said governments in power tended to show a disregard for judicial pronouncements .After hearing Bhattacharya, the bench directed that a contempt rule be issued against Manna. Three vernacular newspapers and two TV channels that published or aired Manna's statements were asked to file affidavits ascertaining their authenticity.The high court had on September 28 reserved its verdict on a contempt plea against the CM based on a similar reference made by Bhattacharya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17485319", "title": "Visakhapatnam police arrests gang of robbers in a swift action", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: In a swift action, the city police arrested three members of a gang of thieves from Uttar Pradesh on Tuesday, hours after they decamped with gold and cash from a house in Rajiv Nagar in Duvvada.According to the police, the gang of four robbers entered a fifth floor apartment belonging to K Srinath in Rajiv Nagar on Tuesday morning and threatened the family with dire consequences if they did not hand over their valuables. The thieves managed to get away with one-and-half kilo of gold ornaments and Rs one lakh in cash but were thwarted by the watchman of the building who became suspicious of the visitors and landed up at the scene when the crime was underway. Though the thieves locked the watchman Narsaiah in the bathroom, he broke open the door and raised an alarm forcing the thieves to flee the scene in a four-wheeler.Three of the gang members -- Salim, Akbar and Bhagavan -- were arrested by the rural police while they were changing the number plate of the vehicle at Gullipadu in Nakkapalli mandal following a tip-off by villagers.According to police authorities, they were able to arrest the robbers within ten hours of committing the offence as the city police had alerted all police stations in the greater city area as well as across the district and had also started vehicle checking operations at all major junctions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17485012", "title": "Lift ban on movie on terrorism: Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee", "text": "AMRITSAR: Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC) has written to the Central Board of Film Certification to allow screening of Punjabi film \"Sada Haq\". The movie that depicts the events from the days of terrorism in Punjab in the early 80s has been banned.In a letter written to Dipesh Mehta, Member, Central Board of Film Certification on Tuesday , SGPC president Avtar Singh Makkar said \"The committee is of the unanimous opinion that the film 'Sada Haq' does not contain anything like a threat to the unity and integrity of the country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17485734", "title": "Khandeparkar panel yet to get government support", "text": "PANAJI: The state government on Wednesday formally communicated that a notification regarding the committee to investigate into the Shah commission report has bee issued to its head, Justice (retired) R M S Khandeparkar, but it hasn't provided any logistical support to carry out a probe into the findings.Speaking to TOI, Khandeparkar said, \"I have received a copy of the notification copy forwarded with a letter from the mines secretary, R K Varma.\"Asked when he will start the investigation, Khandeparkar replied, \"How can I start the investigation without logistical arrangements? Unless the government provides logistics support, I cannot start investigation.\"He also told TOI that he felt the delay may be because mines department officials are probably busy with the data to the Supreme Court's central empowered committee (CEC).The government issued the notification on the official gazette on November 22, 2012. The notification was issued by Prasanna Acharya , director of mines and geology.Varma, the mines secretary, said that we would make all necessary arrangements for the functioning of the committee. \"By next week, the government will provide all logistics support for the Khandeparkar committee.\"The committee has to make recommendations to the government on effective control, supervision and regulation of mining operations in the state, by implementing the provisions of Law.The government has also informed the CEC that the committee will point out offences and illegalities committed in mining activities in the state of Goa, including passing unauthorized and illegal orders to dole out favours to dead leases by reviving them illegally by condoning delays by lease holders from the year 1995 onwards. The committee will also identify the public servants who aided and abetted the offences and illegalities in mining operations, transportation, thus and causing losses to the public exchequer and gains for themselves.The Congress party had said that the constituting of theJustice R M S Khandeparkar committee will further delay the start of mining in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17488942", "title": "Singer and actor Ranjini Jose is getting hitched soon", "text": "Singer and actor Ranjini Jose is getting hitched soon. The diva has found her love in Kochi based engineer. The couple had been dating for quite a few months and after their parents agreed to their relationshoip they have decided to tie the knot.Their date of marriage is not finalised yet. She was last seen in director Shaji Kailas film 'Red Chillies' with Mohan Lal.Source: keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17488408", "title": "SC dismisses Sangma's petition challenging Pranab Mukherjee's election", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday dismissed Purno Sangma's petition challenging Pranab Mukherjee's election as the President.The SC bench said that Sangma's petition did not disclose material to pass the stage of early scrutiny.A five-judge bench of the apex court decided by 3:2 majority that the petition did not deserve to be entertained for detail trial, which if ordered would have entailed possible cross examination of Pranab Mukherjee.The SC on November 21 had said that it would take a final call on entertaining former Lok Sabha Speaker P A Sangma's plea, challenging the election of Pranab Mukherjee as President, on December 5.Chief Justice Altamas Kabir, who led the 3 to 2 majority ruling, held that Sangma's petition is not maintainable for regular hearing.The dissenting judges held that the petition deserves regular hearing with one of them noting it was alleged that Mukherjee was holding an office of profit when he filed his nomination papers.\"The election petition is not maintainable for regular hearing. It is dismissed,\" the Chief Justice pronounced the verdict on behalf of him and justices P Sathasivam and S S Nijjar.The two dissenting orders were pronounced separately by justices J Chelameswar and Ranjan Gogoi.Justice Chelameswar, who read out the operative portion of his order dissenting with the order read out by the CJI, said he will give the reasons for dissenting with majority order shortly next week.Justice Gogoi said since it was alleged that Mukherjee was holding the office of profit as the chairman of the Indian Statistical Institute (ISI), he is of the view that the election petition filed by Sangma was fit to deserve regular hearing.Earlier, the court had taken on record the short affidavit of Mukherjee, who said the grounds for challenging his election was \"ex facie misconceived.\"Sangma has contended that Mukherjee was holding offices of profit as chairman ISI, Kolkata and as also the leader of the Congress Party in Lok Sabha when he had entered the Presidential race.Earlier, the Attorney General had opposed the plea of Sangma on the issue of office of profit.\"An office of profit is an office which must be under the Government, which enjoys the power to appoint and remove and some salary or emoluments must be attached to the post,\" Vahanvati said, adding that this was not the case with the post of Chairperson of Indian Statistical Institute (ISI).\"No pecuniary benefits was attached to the post of Chairman of ISI.. Moreover, the post must be such where the office-bearers can be influenced by the appointing authority,\" the law officer, who is assisting the court, said.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17486905", "title": "MDMK rebel joins AIADMK, adds to party's Eelam ammo", "text": "CHENNAI: MDMK rebel Nanjil Sampath sprung a surprise on Tuesday by joining the ruling AIADMK. He was immediately appointed AIADMK's deputy propaganda secretary by chief minister J Jayalalithaa . \"I admire Amma's courage, energy, leadership and her humaneness towards the oppressed. I am glad I have joined her now,\" Sampath told TOI.Jayalalithaa has a mission for him, party sources admitted. Capitalizing on his antagonism towards DMK leader M Karunanidhi, Jayalalithaa is likely to use him to counter her rival's pro-Eelam rhetoric and take the sting out of his campaign to project himself as the champion of the Sri Lankan Tamil cause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17484032", "title": "Billabong, Sagar public school's annual day held", "text": "BHOPAL: The annual concert was held at Billabong High School recently with a judicious mix of dance, drama, music and philosophy. The program's first formal segment consisted of speeches from director, P Aravindakshan and principal,Sujata Lakhani and included the annual report by grade 1 and 2 kids. In a departure from tradition, the annual report of pre-school was presented by the students of respective sections.The theme for the junior classes was \"The Twist in the Tale\", which was an unconventional take on traditional fairy tales like Red Riding Hood, Snow-White and the Seven Dwarfs, Cinderella , Aladdin, Rapunzel, Pied Piper and Sheikh Chilli. Musical skits based on various fairy tales were set in different countries portraying varied customs and cultures. The senior section chose to showcase William Shakespeare's \"Seven ages of man\" through a sequence which included select works of the Bard himself, viz, Romeo-Juliet, The Merchant of Venice and King LearSagar Public school: Sagar school organized its annual concert recently. The two-day event was for the senior and junior sections. While principal of the Scindia school, Gwalior, Samik Ghosh, was the chief guest on the first day, the principal, Modern School, New Delhi, Lata Vaidyanathan was the chief guest on the second day. Classes nursery to XII performed in the concert. Various dances and musical skits were performed in the programme. Chairman of the group, Sudhir Kumar Agrawal, principal, Dr Jaishree Kanwar and others were present in the concert.De-Battle 2012: An annual inter-school debate competition was held on December 2 at Achievers Guild. The topic for the debate was \"Has freedom of speech become draconian in the light of social networking sites.\" School students and NLIU Bhopal students were the guest speakers. The judges for the event were Rashmi Bawa, advocate Anurag Shrivastava and Rajeev Agnihotri. The first three winners for the debate were Pracheeta Manchandani (Bhavan's Bharti School), Baljeet Kaur (St Thersa's Girl Higher Secondary School) and Yajunshi Tyagi (DPS School) respectively.Exhibition: A Bible exhibition was held at St Joseph's co-ed school on December 3. The programme was part of the golden jubilee celebrations of the Bhopal Archdiocese. The theme of the exhibition is salvation history and drama, singing and painting competitions would also be organized in various churches. The chief guest was the Archbishop Leo Cornelio.St Joseph Co -ed : Ashita Khandelwal won gold and bronze medals each, while Shikha Nair and Divyansh Kumar each bagged silver and bronze in the CBSE roller skating competition held at Amritsar recently . The students of St Joseph Co-ed won eight medals. Komaldeep Kaur and Ayush Guha won a silver medal each. 10 students of the school would participate in the upcoming national roller-skating competition organized by the school games federation in January. Principal, Fr Johnney P J congratulated the students on their achievement", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17486407", "title": "At the hustings", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17484329", "title": "Five booked for duping man of Rs 14.5L", "text": "PUNE: The Yerawada police have booked five unidentified persons for allegedly duping a 40-year-old man from Shirur of Rs 14.5 lakh, promising him good returns on his investments.Investigations have revealed that the gang has duped more than 20 people of nearly Rs 50 lakh.Ravindra Patil of Shirur has lodged a complaint in this regard with the Yerawada police station.Assistant police inspector SL Dubal said the incident took place between June 11 and March 12 at Kharadi. \"The suspects had opened an investment firm called Saibaba Investment at Kharadi on June 11,\" Dubal said.They promised customers good returns on investments made by them. \"The suspects told their customers that they were going to invest their money in the stock market and promised them a 15% return on investments,\" he said.Patil, who invested Rs 14.5 lakh with the firm, did not get any returns. \"When he approached the office , he and found it locked. He searched for the suspects until November and, on failing to trace them, lodged the police complaint,\" Dubal said.He said that so far, 20 people who were also allegedly duped by the firm have approached the police. \"We have launched an operation to trace the five suspects,\" Dubal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17486412", "title": "Alarm bells ring in region over low rainfall", "text": "COIMBATORE: A crisis is looming ahead for the region with the monsoon failing a second time. When the south-west monsoon played truant between June and August, hopes were pinned on the north-east monsoon. However, November turned to be a dry month and meteorologists are skeptical about heavy rainfall in December.Clearly, the prospects for drinking water supply to the major urban areas including Coimbatore and farming across the region appear bleak unless rainfall picks up in the coming days. Already, day temperatures are on the upswing and water level in lakes in Coimbatore is falling fast. There is little flow in Bhavani and Noyyal rivers, the lifelines of the region.V Geethalakshmi, professor at the Agro-climatic Research Centre of the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University (TNAU), said that the region may receive mediocre or even les rains in the coming days. \"Though different parts of the district may receive rain from Tuesday, the cloud intensity in the region is less. Therefore, the region may get moderate or even less amount of rainfall,\" she said.Meteorologists also point out that western Tamil Nadu generally receives less rain during the north-east monsoon. S R Ramanan, spokesperson, Regional Meteorological Center (RMC), Chennai, says usually the bulk of the rain for the region comes during the south-west monsoon. \"A majority of the rain for the region comes during the south-west monsoon. During the north-east monsoon, the atmosphere loses a good amount of moisture content and rain is generally less,\" he points out. He too warned that Coimbatore and its neighbourhood are likely to receive less rainfall in the coming days though coastal areas of the state are likely to get decent showers.The rainfall data published by the RMC reveals that Coimbatore and nearby regions received less rains than usual. Average rainfall during the season till November last week is around 19.9mm while the district received 15.8mm of rain. The rains which started well in October tapered off in November.Farmers are worried about the impact of the low rainfall on crops. P Kandasamy, general secretary, Vyavasayigal Sangam, says if they do not receive water crops will be affected. \"Water level in the Noyyal has to go up if farmers are to benefit. Without heavy rainfall, this will not happen and crops, which are at a crucial stage, will get affected,\" he says.The directorate of crop management at TNAU says farmers can deal with the low rainfall situation by using mobile sprinklers and weed management strategies. Farmers, however, point out that all these are impossible in the wake of extended power cuts. \"Use of sprinklers and other alternative measures are impossible because of the power cuts. If rains fail, the loss would be huge,\" says Babu, a farmer from Madukkarai.Vegetables, sugarcane, maize and others which are nearing harvest could be at the receiving end, he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17485977", "title": "Two fall victim to tricksters at banks", "text": "VARANASI: Tricksters had a field day in the banks on Tuesday and targeted two persons.The first victim was Santosh Gaud, a salesman at a jewellery shop in Chowk. He had gone to Rathyatra branch of HDFC Bank to deposit Rs 3 lakh on Tuesday afternoon.Before he could stand in the queue, a man offered help to him by assuring that he would save his time by depositing the money through backdoor. When Santosh became convinced, the man asked him to fill the deposit slip and started helping him in counting the notes.When Santosh became busy in his work, the man started running towards the exit with a wad of Rs 500 notes. On seeing it, Santosh raised an alarm. The security guards caught the man.He threw a part of the wad in the air and the notes spread on the floor. Security guards and other customers started collecting the money. In the meantime, the miscreant fled. The police reached the spot and recovered the mobile phone of the miscreant. His face was also recorded in the close circuit television camera footage of the bank. When the cash carried by Santosh was recounted, it was found that the man had fled with Rs 16,000.In another case, three miscreants duped cash worth Rs 13,000 from an Ayurvedic medical practitioner Ved Prakash and fled from Faatman Road branch of State Bank of India . Ved Prakash reached the bank to deposit cash Rs 39,000 in his account.Three men standing there told him that he had not filled his deposit slip properly. In the name of help, they took cash from Ved Prakash.When the latter raised objections, the men put the cash in the pocket of his shirt and also threw some currency on the floor. Before Ved Prakash could collect the currency thrown on the floor, the miscreants fled from the scene.When Ved Prakash counted his cash he found that Rs 13,000 were missing. The three were identified with the help of CCTV footage of the bank. No arrest could be made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17484303", "title": "Want to visit Pakistan, but time not right, Manmohan says", "text": "NEW DELHI: PM Manmohan Singh wrote to President Asif Ali Zardari last month saying that while he still wanted to visit Pakistan, this was not the right time to embark on it.Highly placed government sources told TOI that Singh wrote to Zardari in response to the latter's letter inviting him to visit Pakistan on the occasion of Guru Nanak Jayanti on November 28.In his letter, which was delivered to Zardari's office by the Indian high commission in Islamabad, Singh recalled how he had always told Pakistani leaders that he wanted to visit the country. Thanking Zardari for his invitation, Singh said it was not conducive for him to visit Pakistan at the time mentioned by the president in his invite.Keeping hopes still alive for the much awaited trip, though, Singh said in his letter that he still wanted to visit Pakistan and carry forward ties between the two nations. He also said the two sides will continue to look for the right opportunity for his visit to Pakistan. Considering the narrow window, as an official put it, ahead of elections in Pakistan, it is now clear that the visit will not take place even early next year.There has been wild speculation in the media for months about whether or not Singh will visit Pakistan anytime soon. The foreign ministry sought to scotch this when its officials suggested on November 16 that it may not be possible for Singh to visit Pakistan anytime soon but did not mention Singh's response to Zardari. They also said that India felt a sense of hurt over how the masterminds of the 26/11 attacks had not been brought to justice yet. One of the perpetrators of 26/11, Ajmal Kasab , was hanged five days later. Sources confirmed that Singh wrote to Zardari well before that.Sources said Singh did not attach any pre-condition for his visit to Pakistan. There was no mention of the Mumbai attacks or the delay, as alleged by India, in bringing the guilty to justice through the ongoing trial in Pakistan. They said it also had nothing to do with the hanging of Kasab. \"The fact is that PM would have found it difficult to visit Pakistan just two days after the anniversary of Mumbai attacks - when the main accused have still not been brought to book - in any case,'' said a source.Zardari had renewed Pakistan's invitation to the PM when he met Singh here in April en route to Ajmer. A few months later, he again wrote to Singh inviting him to visit Pakistan. He mentioned Guru Nanak Jayanti on November 28, saying it would be the right occasion for Singh to also visit his birthplace Gah in Chakwal, 100 km from Islamabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17484698", "title": "CBI to probe graft charges in road project", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI has started an investigation into the multi-crore highway development fraud in World Bank funded Lucknow-Muzaffarpur stretch. The federal investigation agency on Tuesday sought details from National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) in connection with the case.Government sources said CBI swung to action eight months after the department of economic affairs (DEA) sent a copy of the report prepared by Institutional Integrity Unit of World Bank to the highways ministry and asked it to investigate the case. The World Bank report alleged that the private highway contractors paid bribes and gifts including gold and silver coins to officials and consultants of NHAI besides \"sundry cash payments\" to them, to the tune of at least Rs 2.23 crore.The allegation relates to the Lucknow-Muzaffarpur national highway project during the period 2005-2008. The World Bank loan for the project is $620 million.The CBI's initiation of probe came on the day minister of state for road transport and highways Sarvey Sathyanarayana told Rajya Sabha that NHAI had been asked by the ministry \"to verify the consequences occurred on the outcome of the projects in terms of quality or project completion and take appropriate action as per provisions of agreements with contractors/supervision consultants\". Earlier, a committee set up by the ministry had recommended a third party probe into this case since the Bank had provided evidence of fraudulent practices.The World Bank's Institutional Integrity Unit had even asked government departments to seek any help or evidence from the Bank to prove the \"fraudulent and corrupt\" practices by private contractors.The report claimed that Progressive Construction Ltd and a joint venture of PCL-MVR, which were engaged in four highway packages funded by the Bank, had submitted false details and fake invoices showing utilization of funds that they had initially received as advance. On the basis of this, they took more advances known as \"second stage mobilization advance\" and in two cases, PCL had allegedly diverted portion of this amount to real estate projects in India and abroad.The Bank, in its report and annexure, also mentioned the data and entries downloaded from the contractors' computers which showed that cash went to local officials in the district administration and consultants.TOI had reported that the Bank had mentioned that there was evidence of PLC utilizing the second stage mobilization advance of Rs 14.64 crore \"to cover encashed bank guarantee for its Qatar Cultural Village project\". In another case, the PCL-MVR JV had allegedly paid Rs 2.68 crore to Kurup UP Buildings, Jaya Projects, Vijaya Bhavani Construction Pvt Ltd and Rangaraya Construction Pvt.The Institutional Integrity Unit had tracked down three companies supplying aggregates (construction material) in Nepal to establish the fake invoices submitted by the contractors. The Bank had provided details of how the aggregate suppliers proved that they had not even supplied 50% of the material. Nepalese companies had told the investigators how the bills didn't have appropriate company stamps and in some cases these did not have the mandatory serial numbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "eluru (west godavari)", "code": "17485322", "title": "Newly wed man\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s body found with throat slit", "text": "ELURU (WEST GODAVARI): A newly married youth was allegedly kidnapped and brutally killed by unknown persons while he was returning home with his wife after watching a movie on Sunday night. His body was found at the Siddantam Bridge near Bagarravipalem in Penugonda mandal, 60 km away from the city on Tuesday.The victim was identified as a P Satya Venkata Vara Prasad (25), a city-based electrician. Prasad was married to Amala (20) just six months ago.While Prasad's bike was found at Siddantham Bridge in Penugonda mandal on Monday evening, locals stumbled upon the body behind some bushes near the bridge on Tuesday morning after they found foul smell emanating from the area.Penugonda police said the throat of the victim was slit and he had sustained severe head injuries. The police have registered a case of murder under Section 302 of the IPC against unknown assailants.According to the victim's wife, they were attacked by three unknown persons while they were returning from the first show of a movie in the city on December 2. The attackers beat up her husband and took him away, she said.Frightened by the incident, Amala rushed to her in-laws and informed her father-in-law Surya Rao, who had lodged a complaint of kidnapping with the One Town police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17486144", "title": "Promote vachana literature: Karjol", "text": "Mysore: Kannada and culture minister Govind M Karjol on Tuesday attributed the growth of study of Kannada literature to University of Mysore, pointing out that it is the first higher education institution which promoted Kannada language in pre-Independence era. \"The varsity was established in 1916 and soon it started to focus on Kannada. The PG courses were started in 1927. This shows how futuristic were Mysore ruler Nalwadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar and his administrators,\" he said, releasing 13 books published by Kuvempu Institute of Kannada Studies. He also inaugurated the newly constructed auditorium attached to the institute. The institute was started in December 6, 1966, to bring all Kannada-related studies and works under one roof. It was set up when K L Srimali was the vice-chancellor. The minister asked for the propagation of vahana literature, saying it stands out as a jewel in the Kannada literature. \"There is need to promote Vachana literature that dates back to 12th century,\" he stated. UoM VC V G Talawar and registrar P S Naik were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17488997", "title": "Khiladi 786: Pakistan censor board bans Akshay Kumar's film", "text": "Pakistani censors have banned advertisements for Bollywood star Akshay Kumar's latest film Khiladi 786 because the number 786 is revered by some Muslims and could hurt their sentiments.The Censor Board has directed cinema halls and distributors not to release the movie's trailers and to remove billboards for the film.Khiladi 786 is yet to be cleared by the censors for screening in Pakistan .The censors barred the advertisements as the number 786 is revered by some Muslims and they could find the name of the film objectionable, the Dawn newspaper reported.Censor Board Chairman Raja Mustafa Haider told the daily: \"The appearance of banners for the film in Rawalpindi and other areas was brought to my notice and I asked the City District Government Rawalpindi to remove all of them.\"He did not disclose the final decision about the fate of the movie. \"We will decide it when the movie comes to us, before screening in the cinema houses,\" he said.Haider further said the Censor Board had managed to convince distributors to present the film without the number 786. The movie was originally scheduled to be released on December 7.Film distributor Suhail Mukhtar said the Censor Board had the legal right to alter the name of a film if it was found to be objectionable. However, he said the screening of the film would not stop unless it had \"objectionable dialogues and scenes\".Like other Bollywood stars, Akshay Kumar has a sizeable following in Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17484621", "title": "Three Jamia students among 4 held for Defence Colony gang rape", "text": "NEW DELHI: Six young men, including three law students from Jamia Milia Islamia University, allegedly kept a 16-year-old girl by force in a Defence Colony house in south Delhi, and raped her repeatedly for 10-12 days. Four of them have been arrested while two are on the run.The victim, a class XI student, had in September run away from her parents' home in Delhi and had been living with a woman friend. Her parents have been informed and her statement recorded in front of the magistrate. A medical examination has confirmed the rape.The girl's parents had earlier lodged a case of kidnapping after she went missing. The victim is believed to have been taken to a house in Sarai Jullena, south Delhi, and sexually assaulted there as well.Police sources said the girl initially stayed with a woman friend who on November 15 asked the victim to find other accommodation as she had to shift to another house. The victim alleged that her friend suggested she could stay with her friend, Pulkit Chaudhry, one of the accused, who claimed to be in Delhi Police.Rapists kept girl quiet with threatsPulkit Chaudhry, who hails from Panipat, and his friends soon came to know that she had left home and allegedly began to intimidate her. They also threatened to inform her parents about her whereabouts. The accused then allegedly raped her. Even Pulkit's friends, who visited him, raped the girl, police said.The victim also told the police that Pulkit posed as a sub-inspector and his friend, Amandeep Katyan, as an advocate. They often talked about police stations to frighten her.Pulkit and Amandeep, who is from Rohtak, are among the four arrested. The others are Rupanshu Pratap Singh from Bihar and Sharad Shekhar. All four are between 21 and 25 years old. One of them works with a private company while the others are law students.Police said a hunt is on to nab the other two accused. The girl, who is of Nepali origin, said in her complaint that she tried to escape from the Defence Colony house several times, but failed. She finally managed to give her captors a slip on November 29 and reached New Friends Colony after which she approached the local police and lodged her complaint.\"On the basis of the victim's statement, a case was filed at the Defence Colony police station and the medical examination of the girl was carried, which confirmed rape. Following more investigations, the accused were held,\" a cop said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17484905", "title": "Man dies in accident", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 35-year-old computer operator died and his father suffered minor injuries when a truck rammed into their two-wheeler from the rear in Keesara on Tuesday.The victim was identified as V Srikanth from Annapurna Colony in Nagaram village of Keesara. Srikanth used to work as a computer operator at a business establishment in Keesara. At 8 am, Srikanth along with his father Babu Rao were heading towards ECIL Crossroads on their two-wheeler. When the duo reached SV Nagar in Keesara, a speeding tipper rammed into their two-wheeler from behind and Srikanth, who was pillion-riding, fell on the road along with his father.\"Srikanth came under the rear tyre of the truck and died on the spot. Babu Rao escaped with minor injuries,\" Keesara sub-inspector (SI) E Saideswar said.Immediately after the incident, the truck driver abandoned the vehicle and fled. Police booked a case under sections 304-A and 337 of the IPC against the driver and launched a man-hunt to nab him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17484389", "title": "Short films, photo expo at Sawai fest", "text": "PUNE: The 60th Sawai Gandharva music festival (Sawai Gandharva Bhimsen Mahotsav), which will start on December 11, will showcase nine short films on topics related to Indian classical music in a section called 'Shadja'. It will also have interactive sessions with acclaimed artistes who have been a part of the festival in the past. An exhibition of rare photographs on various themes and artistes has also been planned.To commemorate its 60th year, the festival that Pandit Bhimsen Joshi started in memory of his guru Sawai Gandharva will be held over six days this year. It will be held between December 11 and 16 at the New English School, Ramanbaug grounds.Addressing a news conference on Tuesday, Shrinivas Joshi, executive president of the Arya Sangeet Prasarak Mandal, and Shrirang Godbole, chairman of Indian Magic Eye, said that five large LED screens would be installed at the venue for the first time, so that the audience can hear and see the artistes better. The arrangement of the venue will be different this year, to ensure more space and better decor, they said.Joshi said that the short films to be screened include 'Bharat Natyam' by Jagat Murari, 'Music of India - Classical' by A Bhaskar Rao, 'Tarana' by Rajat Kapoor, a film on Ustaad Amjad Ali Khan by Gulzar, 'Sitara' by Amar Verma and 'Taal and Mridanga' by Shyam Benegal.Joshi said that a special interactive session would feature tabla maestro Pt Swapan Chaudhari and Suresh Chandvankar, a collector of old gramophone records and honorary secretary of the Society of Indian Record Collectors.He added that this year being the 75th year of death anniversary of Ustaad Abdul Karim Khan Saheb - the founder of Kirana Gharana - a special exhibition of some of his rare photographs has been planned. The exhibition will also have some letters written by Khan Saheb. The letters are not in his handwriting, but the content belongs to him. The photographs have been compiled by Sateesh Paknikar.This year's Vatsalabai Joshi award will be given to Pt Ajay Pohankar. An article written by Pt Bhimsen Joshi, 'Sawai Gandharva Maze Guru', will be distributed among the audience. This being the 60th year of the festival, veteran artistes who have accompanied Joshi in the past will be felicitated. These include Purushottam Walawalkar, Nana Mule, Tulshidas Borkar and Mauli Takalkar.Families of those artistes who passed away in the past few years will also be felicitated. Pt Arvind Parikh and Usha Chipalkatti will be felicitated for their contribution to the world of music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17486035", "title": "Now, common admission schedule for all schools in Maharashtra", "text": "PUNE: The state directorate of education will issue a common admission schedule for all schools in the next 10 days. Schools will have to set their admission dates and deadlines as per this schedule, announce dates for the issue of application forms and the last date for receiving them. The state will also make it mandatory for all schools to declare the total number of applications they have received and the number of admissions they have granted.However, the common admission schedule will not be applicable to standalone pre-schools that have classes only up to senior kindergarten (KG). Anil Kale, state project director, Maharashtra Prathmik Shikshan Parishad, clarified that the right to free and compulsory education Act (RTE) is not applicable to such schools. Also, the common schedule will not apply to schools such as unaided minority institutions, which are exempt from RTE as per an SC ruling in April this year.Kale told TOI on Tuesday that the common schedule is one of the steps towards regulating the admission process in schools across all boards. He warned that action will be taken against schools which conduct admissions at their own convenience.Kale said the common schedule will tentatively start in January, with the first date being that for the issue of application forms. Parents will have to submit the forms at a particular date set by the state education department and schools will scrutinise these forms for the free and general categories. After scrutiny, schools will have to declare the number of applications made under the 25% reservation rule of the RTE. This list should be put up by the schools on their websites as well as on the school notice boards.Kale said that if the number of applications at the entry level exceeds the number of free seats (25% reservation) available, admissions will be conducted by a draw of lots. A three-member committee \u00e2\u20ac\u201d one from the Parent-Teacher Association, another from the school management committee and an education officer \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will be present when the lots are drawn.However, if the number of applications under the 25% reservation is less than the number of reserved seats, then all students seeking admission under RTE must be admitted. After this, schools must once again declare the list of students who have been granted admissions under the general and free categories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17486080", "title": "191 fake encounters in last five years, NHRC tells Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court, which relentlessly strove to bring to book perpetrators of the fake encounter killings of Sohrabuddin and Tulsiram Prajapati in Gujarat, has an explosive situation on its hands as the National Human Rights Commission informed it that 191 fake encounter killings took place in the country in the last five years.Appalled by the attitude of the Manipur government in responding to over 1,500 alleged fake encounter killings in the militancy affected state in the last three decades, a bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana P Desai had asked during the last hearing, \"Is there a war going on within? Is this the attitude and orientation of a state to say that if they are killing my men, we will kill them?\"In response to Manipur's alleged unaddressed extra-judicial killings, the NHRC in an affidavit said in the last five years, from 2007 to 2012, it had received 1,671 complaints/information regarding fake encounters.\"The commission in the last five years has awarded monetary compensation to the tune of Rs 10.51 crore in 191 cases,\" it said in an affidavit. The commission awards compensation in the range of Rs 5-10 lakh to the kin of victims if it comes to the conclusion after inquiry that it was a fake encounter.The bench headed by Justice Alam had in the past minutely scrutinized Gujarat government's attempts to put a veil on facts in the Sohrabuddin and Tulsiram Prajapati encounter killings and had ordered CBI probe into them, resulting in filing of charge-sheet against former minister Amit Shah , in addition to former senior police officials.The NHRC mirrored the experience of the apex court in dealing with the two Gujarat fake encounters. \"The only handicap is that in all the cases, respective state governments invariably take more than reasonable time to submit magisterial enquiry report, post-mortem report, inquest report and the ballistic expert report,\" it said.\"Due to this delay on the part of the state governments in complying with mandatory requirements, the delay occurs in all the matters, as for want of these reports even the commission cannot draw any conclusion and cannot take any view in the matter as to whether the death took place in a genuine encounter or it was a fake encounter,\" the human rights body said in its affidavit.NGOs 'Extra-Judicial Execution Victims Families Association of Manipur' through Neena N and 'Human Rights Alert' through Babloo Loitongbam had requested the court to set up a Special Investigation Team to inquire into the extra-judicial killings in the state. Another petition by Suresh Singh through advocate S Biswajeet Meitei alleged that continuance of AFSPA had led to a spurt in extra-judicial killings and sought its withdrawal from Manipur.The NHRC gave its response to the 71 cases of alleged fake encounter complaints it had dealt with relating to Manipur of which only three have been closed. In one case - killing of Thanjam Manorama Chanu on July 12, 2004 - the commission had recently recommended payment of Rs 10 lakh to the kin of the victim but the defence ministry is yet to comply with it.Though the commission's guidelines require states to complete mandatory inquiry reports within three months, many cases of alleged extra-judicial killings reported from Manipur have been pending with the NHRC since 2007 as the state has not provided the key investigation reports. Of the 68 pending cases, five incidents dated back to 2007, 17 to 2008 and 19 to 2009, the NHRC said.To enable it to deal with such cases expeditiously, NHRC said, \"It would be appropriate if the Supreme Court directs all the states to strictly comply with the guidelines/recommendation issued by the commission without fail, both in letter and spirit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17484901", "title": "25-year-old set ablaze", "text": "NAGPUR: Ambazari police took three people into custody for allegedly setting a 25-year-old man on fire following a squabble at Pandrabodhi on Tuesday. Rajesh Mogre was returning home when he met Siddharth Kasekar and his two aides near a pan kiosk.It is learnt that Kasekar had approached Ambazari police station against Mogre earlier in the day. Police said that Mogre and Kasekar &amp; his friends would regularly get involved in scraps. Mogre allegedly doused himself with kerosene while Kasekar threw a match at him. More was rushed to Mayo hospital with 90% burns and is critical.Ambazari police rushed to the spot after being informed. Kasekar and two others have been slapped with charges of attempt to murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17483859", "title": "Five bank robbers arrested", "text": "GARHWA: Police on Tuesday arrested five men carrying arms and ammunition in connection with a bank robbery and recovered Rs 2.92 lakh.The five men - Rahul Sharma , Rupesh Sharma, Krishna Ram, Guddu Ram and Chintu Chandervanshi - looted Rs 4.40 lakh from Vananchal Grahmin Bank in Tandawa on November 27. Police also recovered three pistolsof 3.15 calibre, two country-made pistols and nine cartridges(three cartridges of 3.15, six cartridges of 9 mm and nine cartridges of 7.68), Garhwa SP Michael Raj S said.Working on a tip-off, police first picked up Rahul from Chinia Road. During interrogation, police also got information about his associates in the robbery.A team, led by Garhwa SDPO Shrawan Kumar and Garhwa OC Lileshwar Mahto, reached Ranchi where they nabbed Rupesh Sharma and seized Rs 13,000 and four cartridges from him. The police then raided one Bhola Sharma's house from where they recovered Rs 2 lakh in cash, five pistols and 14 cartridges. They also recovered two motor cycles which had been looted from Sukhdeo Nagar police station area of Ranchi district, said the SP.The SP said the same gang was involved in a train dacoity at Rehla (Palamu district) and two more bank robberies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17486350", "title": "Mumbai fully booked at Mehboob Studios again", "text": "Litfests have become more prolific than fashion weeks, with places as unlikely as Kasauli and Kovalam playing host. Clearly, books have come out of musty libraries into a more amicable space\u00e2\u20ac\u201dreal life. This was the very premise of the first Times of India Literary Carnival held last year, which brought about an engaging conversation between literature and Mumbai's eclectic passions. It had enthralled more than 9,000 visitors over that long weekend.The second annual Times of India Literary Carnival, December 7-9, is even more sharply differentiated. Since Mumbai was born in aspiration, and money remains its obsessive compulsive driver, the core theme of the 2012 TOI Literary Carnival is 'Greed, The City and the Pursuit of Happiness'. Since this no-longer deadly sin has several metaphorical extensions, these will be deconstructed in several panels centred on money, the skyline, corruption, film, even sex and food. They will draw in not just authors but also specialists in these fields, whether it is architect Rahul Mehrotra and developer Abhisheck Lodha, or filmmakers Mira Nair and Dibakar Banerjee, or historians Ramachandra Guha and William Dalrymple.The maximum man, Suketu Mehta, will kick off the festival with his Keynote on Friday morning at Mehboob Studios. This magical space on the cusp of north and south Mumbai again deepens the uniqueness of a litfest that delivers both cerebral stimulation and borderless entertainment.Greed's 'friend with benefits' is corruption, and its latest enemy, Arvind Kejriwal, will expound on his vision of a newer, cleaner India. Ruchir 'Breakout Nations' Sharma will deliver the closing address.In a global first, Sunil Khilnani will be in a public conversation with his award-winning journalist-author wife, Katherine Boo. An equally landmark encounter will be between Anita Desai and her Booker Prize-winning daughter, Kiran. The iconic Anita will receive the first Times Lifetime Achievement award. Check it out on www.timesliterarycarnival.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17485444", "title": "Woman depressed over daughter\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s ill health ends life", "text": "LUCKNOW: Wife of a senior revenue official hung herself from the ceiling on Tuesday evening in Chinhat area of the city. Neelam, 38, was married to Amrit Lal Bind, sub-divisional magistrate of Mehnagar, a town in Azamgarh district.Neelam was found dead inside the two-storey house of the family, located near Matiyari trisection in Chinhat area around 5.30 p.m. Her son had gone out at the time of the incident while her daughter was in a different part of the house at the time of the incident.Bind, on his way to Lucknow from Mehnagar, told TOI on phone that Neelam was extremely depressed for the past few months. \"A tumour had been detected in my daughter's brain some weeks back which was affecting her vision. Neelam remained worried about her deteriorating health,\" he said.Bind's son is studying in Class XII and daughter is in Class VII in one of the branches of Lucknow Public School. Their daughter's studies were affected by her illness. Police said, they will question deceased's relatives as well as other immediate family members to ensure Neelam's act was not a consequence of any rift between husband and wife. Neelam ended her life by hanging from the ceiling fan after tying a knot around her neck with a stole. The police sent her body for post mortem. The Bind family are natives of Manikapur area in Jaunpur district and their relatives were on their way to Lucknow.In another incident, a couple committed suicide in Thari village under the jurisdiction of Mal police station. Aarti, who married Ashish Rawat six months back, according to police, ended her life hanging from the wooden log in her hut. Rawat, a daily wage labourer was not able to meet the financial needs of his spouse, the reason she committed suicide, said the police. Rawat found her body and then committed suicide by drowning in a pond near their hut. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17484597", "title": "Mumbai's wild west: Bandra, Kurla, Vile Parle city's most unsafe areas", "text": "The Vile Parle-Bandra-Kurla stretch, or north central Mumbai, is the city's most unsafe region. It is here that the maximum number of police complaints against rape, burglary and vehicle theft was registered in 2011-12, according to a white paper by the NGO Praja Foundation.Some of the crimes committed in the region made headlines and are still fresh in memory. If the murder of senior citizen Bharti Shah at her Juhu home last September spooked residents, finding Juhu housewife Kavita Suchak and her assistant Prakash Bagwe dead in their JVPD ground-floor flat a month before sent shivers down the city's metaphorical spine. Domestic helps were involved in both cases. The police launched schemes like 'society cop', in which information on helps, drivers and tenants was to be collected from each society. But the scheme has run into problems as many housing societies have been uncooperative.Burglaries have been rampant too, especially in Bandra, where residents say this crime is the prime cause of concern. Last month, actor Dino Morea's house was burgled. The accused, Mohammad Ismail Ansari, after getting bail, broke into the flat of a Spanish national and raped and robbed her.Even public places are not safe. Roshan Dabhoiwala of the Bandra Residents' Association said instances of chain-snatching at night have been rising on the Carter Road promenade.Ironically, elected representatives from the region rarely ask questions related to crime during sessions of the state legislature. \"Compared to the rest of the city, north central Mumbai recorded the highest number of offences (6,736 cases) between April 2011 and March 2012 (the region has 13 police stations). But MLAs asked only 65 questions related to crime during the budget session this year, and the winter and monsoon sessions last year,\" said Milind Mhaske, project director, Praja. \"In comparison, MLAs from north east Mumbai-Mulund, Ghatkopar and Shivaji Nagar-asked 440 questions pertaining to crime despite the number of offences in that stretch being the lowest (4,310 cases).\"In a household survey of over 15,000 respondents, residents of north central Mumbai perceived their locality to be the most unsafe for women, children and senior citizens. They also voted the stretch as the most unsafe for intercity travel. \"Slums have burgeoned in Juhu, but staffing at police stations has not increased in the last decade. Women from the slums are found to be involved in robberies. They carry arms at night and have been terrorizing watchmen,\" said Hina Shroff of the Ward 65 ALM. \"We have sought a separate police station for our ward, which stretches from Milan subway to Irla. This way, 150 more constables can be deputed in our area and patrolling stepped up.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17486140", "title": "No issues if IOA amends constitution to suit Charter: Sports ministry", "text": "BANGALORE: The sports ministry on Tuesday expressed disappointment that the International Olympic Committee (IOC) had decided to ban the Indian Olympic Association.\"The ban is most unfortunate. The sports ministry's recent letter to the IOC was designed precisely to avoid this situation. Unfortunately, nobody listened to us and everybody was on an ego trip,\" PK Deb, secretary, sports ministry, told TOI, while claiming that the ban could have been avoided if the parties concerned had come to the discussion table.Looking forward, Deb said that in the present circumstances, the IOC may even get back to the ministry. \"It is possible they may even come and talk to us,\" he said. \"After we wrote to them to postpone the elections till all the matters are discussed and sorted out, the IOA should have gone back to the IOC for discussions,\" he added.Meanwhile, sources in the ministry hinted that the government won't have any problem even if the IOA amended its constitution according to the Olympic charter.\"The IOA is now caught between the rock and a hard place. Let them amend the constitution as per the Olympic Charter. We don't have any problem as the Sports Code is derived from the charter. If that is done then we will tell the High Court that so far as we are concerned the Sports Code has been followed,\" ministry sources said.The sources also said that if the IOC sets up an ad-hoc body with a reputed sportsperson at the helm then the ministry would be happy to talk to them. \"If the IOC appoints someone like Prakash Padukone to run the ad hoc body then it will only benefit our sportspersons,\" they said.The sources felt that IOC's action happened due to the 'mess in the IOA.' \"For them this was a good handle to work on as they wanted to get rid of all the unscrupulous elements and that's why they acted.\"ARCHITECTS OF THE CONTROVERSIAL SPORTS CODE: Former sports ministers MS Gill (left) and Ajay Maken\"I am not aware of the legal intricacies and don't know what exactly happened. But there is still a lot of time left for Rio Olympics and I hope both IOC and IOA will come forward to solve the matter.\"\u00e2\u20ac\u201d Ramanathan Krishnan , TENNIS LEGEND\"It is a very strange situation, perhaps the lowest point for Indian sport. Competing under the IOC flag is not a solution for Indian athletes. You don't get the motivation while doing that. India are the founder of the Asian Games and now, we are getting thrown out of the IOC.\"\u00e2\u20ac\u201d Joginder Singh Saini, FORMER CHIEF NATIONAL COACH\"It's a bad news for Indian sports. All this while, we were fighting for hockey, now we need to clean up all sports bodies.\"\u00e2\u20ac\u201d Prabhjot Singh, HOCKEY PLAYER\"This is definitely bad for the Indian Olympic movement, and such a loss of face is completely uncalled for. The IOA should have followed all the guidelines to ensure that India's reputation would not be at stake. But then, the ban is not permanent and hopefully all the warring bodies will come out with a solution to set things right.\"\u00e2\u20ac\u201d Rajpal Singh, HOCKEY PLAYER\"It is wrong for the IOC to dictate terms in this way. The government is trying to correct a few wrongs in Indian sport. People who have never played any game are ruling the IOA.\"\u00e2\u20ac\u201d Gopal Saini, FORMER LONG DISTANCE RUNNER\"The IOC decision completely took me by surprise. I had already started preparing for the next Olympics but if India remains suspended then we will be unable to take part in any international tournament. The people responsible for bringing this upon us will not be affected at all. Only we athletes will suffer for no fault of ours.\"\u00e2\u20ac\u201d Rahul Banerjee , OLYMPIAN ARCHER\"I'm absolutely shocked. I don't know who is responsible for this but I know the athletes who will suffer if the situation is not resolved quickly.\"\u00e2\u20ac\u201d MC Mary Kom, OLYMPIC BOXER", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17486104", "title": "Sachin will get a big one if he crosses 30: Ganguly", "text": "KOLKATA: Fifteen Tests and 23 months have elapsed since Sachin Tendulkar last scored a century in the game's fiveday format. Halfway into the four-match Test series against England, he averages less than 10. The critics are getting impatient, the fans praying hard. Will the Master be able to turn it around at Eden Gardens?Sourav Ganguly , former teammate, captain and an unabashed admirer of Sachin, certainly thinks so.\"The key for Sachin is to get into the 30s... if he crosses that, Sachin will get a tall score at the Eden,\" predicted Ganguly at an ESPN-Star-Sports panel discussion featuring former cricketersturned TV commentators.Ganguly wondered why they focus on his negatives only. \"They don't realise what it takes to score 100 centuries and 34,000 runs in international cricket... No one has done more for Indian cricket than Sachin. I can assure you that he will go with his head held high,\" argued Sourav.Skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni's future also came up for discussion, with a question being thrown at Kapil Dev whether he deserves his place in the team as captain and wicketkeeper-batsman . \"His record says he is one of our best wicketkeeper-batsmen, but then no captain has survived the axe after losing eight-nine Test matches,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17485548", "title": "Late response upsets plans at many spots", "text": "NEW DELHI: It seems vital lessons were not learnt from the previous mock drill in the capital. Tuesday's drill saw a recurrence of the same problems seen last time: reaction time of ambulances wasn't anything to go home about, and the participants' approach to the whole exercise somehow seemed to mock the purpose of the drill. TOI was on the ground when it all happened.At SaketThree stray dogs at the J Block market were the most alert respondents when a 'mock bomb' went off. The participants, however, had to be reminded several times that they were supposed to react realistically. The drill started around noon, but volunteers had trickled into the market as early as 10am. Police reached the spot at 11.58am and were followed by ambulances at 12.06pm. The plan was to get the injured into ambulances and PCR vans; but things didn't quite go according to plan and errors, that could prove costly in a real disaster, were made.Vital time was lost as the ambulance crew didn't know where the patients were supposed to be administered first aid. By the time the dog squad arrived at 12.10pm, and the mobile crime team arrived three minutes later, a crowd of curious and confused onlookers had encroached upon the bomb site, forcing the police to push them away and cordon off the area. Those playing dead victims were all smiles and could be seen posing for pictures during the operation.Elsewhere at the Birla Vidya Niketan school, the scene was less comical, but efficiency was still missing. The scene was of building collapse, but cops arrived 20 minutes late. Senior officers, though, claimed the PCR wasn't alerted at 12pm, the time of incident. Nevertheless, all casualties-two dead and 11 injured-were evacuated by 12.45pm.\"There is always scope for improvement. We want to bring down the response time to 15 minutes and even less. We will check where the faults lie and work on them,\" said S K Gupta, SDM, Haus Khas.The injured were taken to the nearby Modi Hospital, Max Hospital and MM Hospital in Malviya Nagar in both cases.At Jhandewalan Metro station and Patel Nagar (West)Volunteers wearing make-up at one end, and stretchers and securitymen at the other gave out early that a mock drill was happening at the Metro station. The make-up, in particular, amused a lot of people. Close to 100 volunteers from the civil defence department enacted the situation.At 11.45am there were three cracker bursts to simulate a bomb blast. Volunteers started running out, screaming. Civil defence personnel brought in stretchers, and two CATS ambulances reached too. But only those with minor-looking injuries were attended to first instead of those feigning serious injuries; the rest were sent off to hospitals in autos. Fire tenders reached 20 minutes late; doctors arrived after the injured were sent off to hospitals.At Patel Nagar (West) C Block RWA, volunteers simulated an earthquake scenario where 10 people had died and 40 were injured. \"We called 1077 and 100 immediately. Within 10 minutes, almost all agencies reached the spot,\" said RWA vice president Anil Malhotra.At Lotus Temple &amp; Crown Plaza HotelThe mock drill at Lotus Temple had almost gone unnoticed. A terror attack leading to a stampede had been simulated; but until the evacuations began, nobody knew about it. Tourists at the site seemed disinterested. At the prayer hall premises, evacuations began even before the participants playing victims had taken up positions. Three CAT ambulances that had been doing rounds since morning were quick to reach, but cops and firemen reached 15-20 minutes late. Some \"dead\" were evacuated first; others had to wait for up to 45 minutes.At the Crown Plaza Hotel, guests treated the whole exercise as some entertainment prop. They were informed long before the drill happened, so at least 60 curious guests turned up. At 11.45am, a \"gunman\" came. An alert was sounded and all disaster response teams reached by 12.05pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17486475", "title": "Embarrassing moment for Union minister Rahman Khan", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17484247", "title": "I-T department monitoring candidates' poll expenses", "text": "VADODARA: Candidates spending a fortune on campaign for the assembly elections, better watch out their expenditure. Not just the Election Commission (EC), even the income tax (I-T) authorities are keeping a close eye on the expenses done and wealth declared by the candidates. With just a few days to go for the polls, the authorities are expecting candidates to launch campaigning in a big way. The EC team that also consists of I-T officials has begun day-to-day monitoring of the expenses by the candidates.A detailed daily report is then prepared by the expenditure monitoring committee on amount spent in organizing public programmes, making publicity material and other expenses.\"The I-T officials are part of the committee that submits report about the expenses done by candidates to the EC. We also keep an eye on the expenses and wealth of the candidates. If there is anomaly or if the candidates spend more money than permitted, the EC officials have the right to take action,\" said sources in the department.\"If the EC finds it necessary then it also sends a copy of the report to the department. We then inquire into the report,\" the I-T officials said. The focus is usually on the wealth declared by the candidates with the EC.In 2009, responses of two Vadodara politicians were sought by the I-T over the wealth they had declared during the Lok Sabha elections. If the I-T officials find anomalies in the assets declared with EC and the I-T department, response from the candidate concerned is sought.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17484274", "title": "Six found guilty of Sagar Sahani\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s murder", "text": "PUNE: A special court here on Tuesday pronounced six of the 11 accused guilty in the sensational kidnapping and murder of 22-year-old Sagar Sahani, son of a Pimpri businessman, for a ransom of Rs 2 crore in 2005. The quantum of punishment will be declared on Friday.Around 9 pm on August 14, 2005, Sagar had shut his father's automobile parts' shop in Pimpri and gone in his car to a restaurant nearby for a takeaway meal. Just as he was getting into his car after leaving the restaurant, unidentified men who came in another car forced themselves into Sagar's vehicle and took him to various places in Gujarat over the next few days. They made ransom calls to Sagar's father, Satinder, and even collected Rs 15 lakh from him through the hawala route in Mumbai on August 23. Sagar was murdered the next day and his body was found on the Mumbai-Vapi highway on August 26.The accused \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Prasad Shetty (31), Arvind Chaudhary (35), Bhiku Thanki (46), Jitendra Modha (38), Chotu Ghisaiwala alias Ravetsingh (30) and Nitin Modha (40) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d residents of Vadodara, Porbandar and Agra, were found guilty under sections 120(b) (criminal conspiracy), 364(a) (kidnapping for ransom), 302 (murder), 201 (destroying evidence), 452 (house trespassing) and 404 (misappropriation of property of a deceased person) of the Indian Penal Code and sections 3(1)(I) and 3(2) and 3(4) (organised crime) of the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA).Special judge S P Tavade said he will pass an order on Friday in the case of accused-turned-approver Narayan Jameria (71) and the other accused, Mohammad Abbas Ali (30), Jagmal Chaudhary (35), Samad Gadvi (41), Ajay Gadvi (34) and Dinesh Tukdiya (34), residents of Kerala, Vadodara and Porbandar.Six persons were pronounced guilty for the murder of 22-year-old Sagar Sahani by a special court here on Tuesday. One accused in the murder of Sagar Sahani, Shantilal Modha of Porbander (66), died during the course of the trial. A hawala operator, Shamsuddin Kunni (51), of Kerala, fled after he was released on bail, while the trial against Dubai-based gangster Abid Ali (40), of Andhra Pradesh, was separated as he has been lodged in a Hyderabad jail. Ali, said to be the kingpin in the case, had held negotiations for the Rs 15 lakh paid through the hawala route.Special public prosecutor Vikas Shah told TOI that he had recorded corroborative evidence of 56 witnesses after accused-turned-approver Narayan Jameria, a driver, deposed against the six accused. Jameria had driven the accused to various places while Sagar was alive and also later to dispose of his body.Shah said witnesses had identified the six accused during a parade at the Yerawada central jail and also before the court during the trial. The witnesses had also identified Sagar from his photographs. The chemical analysis report confirmed that the bloodstains found on the knife, which was seized from Shetty, and those on Sagar's clothes matched with his blood group. The confessional statement of the six accused recorded under section 18 of MCOCA corroborated with the approver's evidence, he said.State Reserve Police Force (Group II) commandant Sanjay Jadhav, who had investigated the case when he was posted as assistant commissioner of police with the city police crime branch, told TOI that the accused had made ransom calls from satellite phones from outside the country. \"The police had no clues in the case. However, 50 policemen from the crime branch worked with dedication and spent sleepless nights before detecting that the calls were coming from Dubai. We asked Sagar's family to tell the accused to send them a cassette to show that Sagar was alive,\" he said.Jadhav said the accused gave a call from Sagar's cell phone to his family members saying that the cassette had been kept on a tree at Khandobachamala in Akurdi. \"We traced the call to Gujarat and, with help from the Gujarat police, arrested the first suspect, Jagmal Chaudhary, for providing food, shelter and a vehicle to the accused,\" he said.Jadhav said investigations revealed that Abid Ali was the kingpin in the case. \"He operated from Dubai and was involved in similar crimes in Pune, Mumbai and Hyderabad. Ali would send his accomplices from Dubai to India and abduct people for ransom with help from local criminals. The money collected via hawala was routed to him through Mumbai, Pakistan and Dubai,\" he said.Sagar's father Satinder, who was in tears in court, said, \"We thank the prosecution and the police for detecting the case and proving the guilty of the accused. We have lost our son. We now want the court to award stringent punishment to the accused as per the law.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17485278", "title": "3 held for theft at north Delhi school", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three persons were arrested for allegedly stealing LPG cylinders and an amplifier music system from a school in north Delhi, police said. Cops nabbed Lal Babu, Santosh and Shivji Paswan, all from Bihar , on Saturday with the help of CCTV footage provided by school authorities.The authorities found on November 26 that three LPG gas cylinders and a complete music system of a school in Pitam pura had been stolen. The school gave CCTv footage to police, who zeroed in on Santosh and Lal Babu living in a nearby slum cluster. Shivaji was arrested at their instance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17484349", "title": "Police give security to restaurant owner", "text": "PUNE: The police have provided security to the owner of Prithvi restaurant on Karve Road after a criminal on police records, Laxman Jadhav, made a call to the restaurant manager on Monday evening.Jadhav and his accomplice had allegedly opened fire at the restaurant around 3 pm on December 2. One bullet had pierced the window pane while another one hit the ceiling of the restaurant. No one was injured in the firing.Inspector S B Navale of Kothrud police station told TOI that Jadhav called the manager of the restaurant on Monday evening. \"As per the information given by the manager, Jadhav asked him for some cell phone numbers,\" Navale added. Assistant commissioner of police Kalyankumar Lavange said the security has been provided since Monday. tnn\"We have launched a massive search to trace Jadhav,\" Lavange said.After watching the CCTV footage from a nearby hospital, the police have confirmed the involvement of Jadhav in the firing. Jadhav had extorted money from a builder by using the same method a few weeks ago. He had attacked the builder's employee and also opened fire at his bungalow before extorting money from him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "17485006", "title": "College girl's rape: Pistol recovered", "text": "HISAR: Police have recovered a pistol from the possession of Sandeep, who along with his four friends , including a Haryana police constable, had allegedly raped a 19-year-old college girl of Barwala.The police have already arrested three accused -- Sandeep, Andeep and Mukesh.The victim in her complaint had stated that she was abducted while she was on her way back home on November 27, after the college and later raped by the accused. Two accused are still to be identified and arrested.Medical examination conducted on the victim on Sunday confirmed rape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mysore/ chamarajanagar", "code": "17486157", "title": "Forest staff, villagers will be immunized against monkey fever", "text": "Mysore/ Chamarajanagar: Bandipur Tiger Reserve (BTR) director Kumar Pushakar, who has confirmed monkey fever at Maddur forest range of BRT, said there is no need to panic.\"No fresh deaths of primates have been reported after the back-to-back death of eight bonnet macaques and two common langurs in a span of seven days in November. Also, forest watchers working at Alegowdanakatte anti-poaching camp are keeping well, so there is nothing to worry about,\" Pushkar said.Forest department employees will be vaccinated against the monkey fever (aka Kyasanur forest disease-KFD) as a precaution, the director stated.Vaccination on Dec 6Chamarajanagar health officials will immunize the forest staff and nearly 800 villagers in Maddur Colony in BTR against KFD on December 6.Only those in 6-65 age group will be vaccinated, as it will cause health problems to children below 6 years and adults above 65 years. Even pregnant women and lactating mothers will be spared.Gundlupet General Hospital chief medical officer R Srinivas said that a team, led by a taluk medical officer, visited Maddur Colony and examined the villagers. They are hale and hearty.\"The colony has a population of about 700, and we have asked Virus Diagnostic Laboratory (Shimoga) to provide 800 dosage of vaccination,\" he added. An expert team from Kyasanur forest of Shimoga (where KFD was first reported in 1957) will arrive in Chamarajanagar to assist the team in the vaccination drive.PrecautionsHealth officials have suggested the forest authorities to take precautions before entering the forest. CMO Dr Srinivas stated: \"We have asked them to apply ticks-repellent oil available with veterinary department before visiting the forest area. This will prevent the infected ticks, which carry KFD, from biting them. Foresters have also been asked to take bathing regularly after returning home in the evening.\"\"KFD, which is a viral disease, is still in the primary stage in Bandipur. We require three more weeks to know its virulence. Common symptoms are bleeding in nose and mouth, fluctuation in blood pressure and repeated fever,\" Dr Srinivas explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17485355", "title": "Calls from Bharti proof of kidnap: Neelam Katara", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seeking death penalty for convicts Vikas and Vishal Yadav in the 2002 killing of her son Nitish Katara, Neelam Katara on Tuesday told the Delhi High Court that her conversation with the convicts' sister, Bharti, proves that her son was kidnapped by them before his murder.Appearing for Neelam, who had lodged the FIR against Yadavs on February 16, 2002, counsel PK Dey told the bench of justices Gita Mittal and JR Midha that Bharti had made several calls to the victim's mother on February 17 and had told her that she was worried that Nitish was taken away by her brothers from the marriage venue of her friend.Referring to Neelam's testimony before the trial court, the counsel told the bench that on February 17, 2002, Bharti and the victim's mother had made about 50 calls to each other in one day. \"The call details is a vital piece of evidence to establish that their long conversation throughout the day on 17 February 2002 was on the abduction of Nitish,\" the lawyer said, adding this evidence is backed by testimony of witnesses including Nitish and Bharti's friend Bharat Diwakar. The lawyer would continue his arguments in the case on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17485396", "title": "Woman kills self after delivering girl", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 27-year-old Mohali resident committed suicide by jumping off the fourth floor of Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) in Sector 32 on Tuesday. The victim, identified as Rihana, had delivered a baby girl at GMCH 32 a fortnight ago. Police said she had been depressed since then.Rihana's husband Azad Singh told the police that their baby had been admitted in hospital and Rihana was demoralized. \"Recently, the baby was admitted in hospital. We assured Rihana that she would recover soon but she was very upset.\"Police said Rihana jumped from the window of the fourth floor and suffered critical head injuries. She was rushed to the emergency ward of GMCH-32, where doctors declared her brought dead. Rihana, who belonged to UP, is survived by her husband and two children. Police have initiated inquest proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17484143", "title": "Army gives two horses to NCC", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Army headquarters, New Delhi, has sanctioned two horses for Remount and Veterinary (R&V;) squadron at OUAT here for better practice of horse riding for NCC cadets, commanding officer of 1 Odisha R&V; squadron Colonel V N Gowda told TOI on Tuesday.NCC cadets, who are now preparing for horse riding competition to be held in New Delhi on the occasion of Republic Day (RD) celebration, will get two new horses, he said.\"At present the R&V; unit here has 13 horses out of which four have been out of operation. With the two new ones, we will have 11 horses, which will be commissioned for practice soon,\" said Gowda. He said a contingent of five cadets go to New Delhi for horse riding.Though the Bhubaneswar unit has an authorized strength of 200 cadets to be trained for horse riding, with the 11 horses maximum 100 cadets can be trained. \"If we train 100 cadets, 25 to 30 cadets will come out with proficiency. Then the fittest five can be filtered,\" said the colonel. He said the R&V; unit here has been doing well with NCC cadets winning gold on several occasions.In 2012 RD camp, four cadets - Shakti Prasad Mishra, Nalin Kanta Mallia, Sumit Sagar Das and Soumya Das - got bronze and silver medals. The colonel said unlike other training programmes, horse riding training is tough and cadets take about a year to be fully trained. \"Physical fitness, interest for riding and love for animal are three basic qualities the cadets need to posses to excel in riding. In NCC, out of six varieties of horse riding competitions, we have three varieties such as show jumping, dressage and tent pegging,\" said Gowda.There are 14 movements of horse riding which are tested at the competition, said a senior army officer. \"Normally we look for whether there is harmony between riders and horses and whether horses are well tamable by riders,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17489026", "title": "BSP stalls Question Hour in Rajya Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) on Wednesday stalled the Question Hour in Rajya Sabha demanding construction of a memorial for Bhimrao Ambedkar in Mumbai.As soon as the House met for the day, Mayawati (BSP) rose in her seat saying people have been awaiting for years for a memorial at a land owned by the textile ministry in Mumbai.\"We want government to give an assurance,\" she said. Chairman Hamid Ansari said a statement by the government is listed in the agenda and the announcement will be made at noon.Mayawati, however, demanded that the Question Hour be suspended and the statement be made forthwith.Ansari said the Question Hour will not be suspended as the matter has already been listed for 1200 hours. \"At 1200 hours you will get the government announcement...it is listed.\"As Mayawati and other BSP members were unrelenting, Ansari said, \"This is not going on record. Please sit down.\"\"You are a very senior leader,\" he told Mayawati and asked members to allow Question Hour to proceed.Ansari said representatives of all political parties had been told in the morning meeting that an announcement on Ambedkar memorial will be made at 1200 hours.\"Why not now?\" Mayawati retorted. When Ansari said there was no notice for suspension of Question Hour, Mayawati said the statement at noon will be meaningless if the House is not allowed to function.But with Ansari standing firm, Mayawati and other BSP members rushed into the Well raising slogans in support of the memorial.Ansari then adjourned the House till noon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17486686", "title": "Poll takes toll on Patna College peace", "text": "PATNA: The Patna College campus looks different nowadays with a posse of policemen and riot-control vehicles ready for any untoward incident during the campaigning for Patna University Students' Union election scheduled for December 11.According to the college authorities, the students involved in the election campaigning are randomly exploding bombs on the campus. \"On Monday, the students threw a bomb near the dilapidated sociology department building. A chunk of the ceiling fell near me,\" said professor Asish Dasgupta of the department. \"Since then a large number of police personnel have been deployed in the area,\" he added.Randhir Kumar Singh, warden of Patna College hostels, said, \"There are over 300 students staying in Jackson, Nootan, Minto and Iqbal hostels. Jackson has 72 seats and Nootan 25 while Minto and Iqbal have 56 seats each. Rest are illegal occupants.\"He said, \"We had sent a letter to the senior superintendent of police (SSP) and the vice-chancellor, mentioning that the bona fide students were being forced out of their hostel rooms by antisocial elements. Police intervention was needed to get the unauthorized students out of the hostels.\"Randhir said BA part-1 students were being tortured and forced to stay out of their allotted hostel rooms. \"We also sent a list of bona fide students with their respective hostel room numbers to the ADM (law and order) but no action has been taken so far. We have also sent a proposal to the vice-chancellor to close the hostels for a few years to bring a change in the campus atmosphere,\" he added.Anand, a Minto hostel boarder, said, \"The violence on the campus could have been averted had the authorities taken strict action against the unauthorized occupants. Campus violence is nothing new but due to the election the authorities are going strict and taking police help.\"Nirmal, another boarder, said, \"There are times when we have to share our single rooms with some senior along with his guest. The seized gunpowder, iron rods and hockey sticks were not stocked in one day. We hope the election would take place peacefully.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17486767", "title": "Port worker hit by crane hook, dies", "text": "CHENNAI: A 54-year-old supervisor died after a giant metal hook dangling from a mobile crane hit him and ran over him while he was walking along a road inside Chennai Port on Tuesday. The mobile crane was on the move when the accident happened.Govindaraj, a supervisor with the harbour civil department, was going to have lunch in his office when he was hit by the vehicle at 12.30 pm. The crane driver, Saravanan from Tiruvanmiyur, did not notice Govindaraj walking in front, when he hit a speed breaker, and knocked him down and run him over.Police said that people tried to alert Govindaraj but he might not have heard the warning amidst the noise generated by the crane. Onlookers rushed him to a nearby hospital where he was declared \"brought dead.\" He is survived by his wife Manjula and three sons Dharani, Venkatesh and Shakthivel.The driver was later arrested and booked under IPC Section 304 (A) for causing death by negligence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17485488", "title": "Victim's grief-struck kin protest outside hospital", "text": "NEW DELHI: Thirteen-year-old Golu is visibly still in shock. The eldest son of Rajkumari (35) watched his mother die as he helplessly stood outside the ICU, disallowed from entering. Recounting the traumatic tale, he said, \"I was at the hospital all through Monday night but the hospital officials did not allow me to see my mother. I was there even when the alarm bells went off on Tuesday morning but could not rush to her help as I was not allowed inside. I had to stand outside helplessly, watching my mother lose her battle with death.\"Rajkumari is survived by her husband Ram Babu, a daily wage labourer, and four young children. \"We don't know what will happen now. We thought the last few days were terrible in themselves. Now, we are lost,\" said the distraught child.Admitted to Sushruta Trauma Centre on Friday after she ingested poison, Rajkumari had remained in critical condition. Golu, in constant attendance at the hospital and a child himself had suddenly found himself taking care of his younger siblings. Bewildered and crying, the younger children clung to their dazed elder brother.Another victim Rihana (36) was rushed to Sushrut Trauma Centre from Baghpat in Uttar Pradesh. Her family members said she was recuperating well following surgery. \"She had suffered severe head injuries in an accident,\" said one of the relatives.\"All four patients who died on Tuesday were medico-legal cases. We had been following up on the cases regularly,\" said a senior police officer.The only patient admitted in the ICU ward of the hospital who managed to survive was Vikram but doctors said his condition is still critical.The family members of the victims protested outside the hospital following which the administration set up an enquiry committee and even the state health department swung into action. Delhi health minister A K Walia said action will be taken against those responsible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17486212", "title": "Morari Bapu's katha to fight cancer", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Noted kathakaar Morari Bapu's 'Ramkatha' has been organized at the Karnavati Club from December 8-16. The proceeds from the nine-day katha will be donated to the Gujarat Cancer Society to support needy cancer patients who require monetary help to tide over the medical crisis.Honorary secretary of the Karnavati Club, Girish Dani said that Bapu's consent to conduct Ramkatha to draw support for the cancer patients has added a spiritual dimension to this campaign. \"Special awareness drive will be organized parallel to the katha wherein people will be given complete knowledge on the causes of cancer, its prevention, diagnosis and treatment. A picture gallery on cancer with supporting literature, film and photographs will also be organized with an aim to create maximum awareness on cancer\", Dani said. He said that a special sitting arrangement has been made for the people who will also be provided food and water. No entry pass is needed. Dani said that lodging and boarding arrangement has also been made for devotees who will be specially coming from abroad to listen to the Ramkatha. Host of programmes have also been organized along side the 'Ramkatha' including a play on Swami Vivekananda by Shekhar Sen, ghazals by Osman Meer, dayro by Sairam Dave and musical programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17485799", "title": "Three held for sexually abusing minor boy", "text": "SURAT: Three youths from Udhna were arrested on Monday for having unnatural sex with a 13-year-old boy and also blackmailing him.The accused - Rakesh Poddar, Mohammad Shamsher alias Jikka Wajid Shaikh and Saddam Hussain Shaukat Ali Shaikh - who are labourers - took advantage of the victim's fear.The victim was taken to an isolated location by Poddar and Shamsher in Udhna area in the city two years ago and persuaded for a sexual relationship. But, the boy refused. The accused then forcibly had unnatural sex with him.After a few months, the accused again contacted the victim and made him bow to their wishes threatening that they would malign him in public. On November 25, Saddam told the victim that he knew what was going on and threatened that he would make it public. The victim could not to refuse him too and bore the humiliation for two days.Then the victim fell ill and had to be hospitalized by his uncle, who tried to know from the boy its cause. The boy told him how he was being blackmailed and sexually abused by the accused. His family members lodged a police complaint and the arrests followed. \"We have arrested the accused and investigation is on,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17486039", "title": "Mangalore flight held up in Mumbai", "text": "Mangalore: Hyderabad-bound passengers on a Baroda-Mumbai- Hyderabad flight delayed the take off of the Mumbai-Mangalore flight by an hour at the Mumbai's Chartarpathi Shivaji Airport on Tuesday. The Hyderabad passengers were agitated after the airlines decided to divert the Baroda-Mumbai-Hyderabad flight to Mangalore for operational reasons. Eyewitness at the Mumbai airport told TOI, \"About 24 Hyderabad-bound passengers got down from the plane and blocked Gate A2, which was to be used by Mangalore bound passengers to board the flight. Despite airline personnel requesting the passengers to allow Mangalore-bound passengers to take the Gate A2 aerobridge, the passengers continued to protest and even arrival of CISF did not help matters. There were 96 Mangalore-bound passengers, which included infirm, elderly and children. Finally, the Mangalore passengers were made to move through Gate A3 and get down on to the tarmac and board the plane. The flight left around 2.15pm and landed at Bajpe at 3.30pm. The scheduled arrival time of the flight was 2.15pm. The airline duty manager at the airport said that the Hyderabad passengers were put on another flight, which arrived as soon as the Mangalore flight departed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17488248", "title": "Motion against FDI: Govt in touch with parties for support", "text": "NEW DELHI: Against the backdrop of BSP and SP keeping their cards close to their chest on voting in Lok Sabha on a motion against FDI, government on Wednesday said it was in touch with various parties for their support.\"We are in touch with all (parties). We have requested them to support us. FDI will not hurt the interests of farmers or small traders. In fact it will help them,\" minister of state for parliamentary affairs Rajiv Shulka told reporters outside Parliament House.His remarks come hours before Lok Sabha is to take up voting on a motion moved by opposition parties against government's decision allowing 51 per cent FDI in multi-brand retail.While both SP and BSP had opposed FDI yesterday during a debate on the issue, they had not made it clear whether they will support the motion.BJP leader Sushma Swaraj had asked the two parties to support the motion, saying their fears that the government could fall were unfounded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17484287", "title": "4 injured in ordnance factory blast", "text": "PUNE: Four employees of the Ordnance Factory Dehu Road (OFDR) were injured, one of them seriously, in an explosion during a \"mixing\" process at one of the production units of the factory on Tuesday morning.Officials at the factory said the explosion was an \"accident\" that occurred at 10.40 am in unit 3. The factory is located on the Pune-Mumbai highway, about 30 km from Pune.One of the injured employees, B T Sonje (58), lost an arm in the accident. He, along with Harishchandra Padale (52) and Nandu Ankulkar, have been admitted to Ruby Hall Clinic.The fourth injured employee, M M Kshirsagar (58), has been admitted to Surya Hospital with burn injuries.A doctor at Ruby Hall Clinic said Sonje's badly-damaged arm had to be amputated.\"He also sustained severe abdominal and chest injuries. He is being treated at the neuro-trauma care unit,\" he said. A doctor at Surya Hospital said Kshirsagar sustained around 15% burns and has been kept in the intensive care unit.OFDR public relations officer R S Choudhary said the injured were given first aid at the factory itself before being taken to hospitals in Pune. He said Padale and Ankulkar have sustained minor injuries and will be kept under medical observation for a couple of days.Choudhary said a departmental inquiry will be conducted into the accident. \"The inquiry will be completed in around eight days. Safety rules are strictly followed at the factory and all employees are well trained. In fact, the employees go through regular training and awareness programmes,\" he said.The Dehu Road police said no formal complaint has been lodged about the incident.In an explosion at the factory in March 2006, two persons lost their lives after a box loaded with gunpowder slipped from their hands and exploded.Ordnance factories in the country supply armaments to the armed forces. They also supply arms, ammunition, clothing, bullet-proof vehicles and mine-protected vehicles to the central paramilitary and state police forces. Ten of the 41 ordnance factories in the country are located in Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17485542", "title": "Church guard, two aides rob priest, seek blessings before fleeing on his 2-wheeler", "text": "MUMBAI: A Catholic priest in Bhayander was gagged, tied and robbed of Rs 1.80 lakh and seven grams of gold by the security guard of his church. The guard and his two accomplices touched the priest's feet before fleeing in Father Dennis Maroki's two-wheeler along with the loot.Maroki (32) is a priest with the Sacred Heart Catholic Church, which is located near the Navghar police chowkie in Bhayander (E). He stays on the second floor of the church building. When On Monday night,Maroki , who is studying interior designing at an institute in from the St Francis Technical Institute at Borivli, went to Mira Road to complete a project ahead of his exams. When he returned to the church around midnight on Monday, the security guard, Deepak Bhandari, accompanied him to his room. Two of his unidentified accomplices followed him without the priest's knowledge. As Maroki entered his room, Bhandari and his accomplices charged at him and tied him to a chair. with a rope they had carried.After gagging Maroki, with a towel lying in the room, the men ransacked his house. They even took away Maroki's wristwatch and cellphone. They then went around ransacked the offices of the trustees. office. Files and papers were scattered in the house.The three even Bhandari and his accomplices made tea for themselves, ate fruits kept in the house and helped themselves to food stocked in the refrigerator before leaving around 3am. The three fled on Maroki's two-wheeler parked in the church premises.According to Maroki, the three touched his feet before heading towards his two-wheeler.Bhandari was employed as a security guard by the church authorities a week ago. Though the church had obtained his photograph and residential details, it had not registered him with the police. Moroki told the police that Bhandari had destroyed the photographs and papers on which his details were noted.It was at around 4 am that Maroki managed to call a nun Roza Nariya who then informed the church trustees. Members of the church arrived at the church on Tuesday morning. They even went to the police station enmass to demand action against Bhandari and his accomplices.Inspector (Navghar) Dinkar Pingle , police inspector of Navghar police station said that a case under section 392 (robbery), 452,457 and 458 (house trespass charges) of the IPC was registered against Bhandari and his accomplices. Pingle said that Bhandari, a resident of Nepal , is a repeat offender. and has a criminal case registered against him with the Santacruz police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17479118", "title": "Kavita is very much part of FIR-Benaifer Kohli", "text": "The buzz about Kavita Kaushik bagging SAB TV's Tota Weds Maina spread like a fire few days back.TOI.com was the first to break the news of Kavita been finalized to play Maina in the show. We too speculated whether the actress, who is fondly known for her character of Chandramukhi Chautala will quit the show to be a part of Tota Weds Maina or continue being part of FIR .Furthermore, It was also mentioned that FIR will soon shift to the weekend slot. However, the speculations on Kavita being part of FIR still remained unanswered.Hence, we called up producer Benaifer Kohli to know whether Kavita will be a part of the show or the show will see a replacement to fit in the character of Chandramukhi Chautala. Benaifer says, \"Firstly, the show which has been a benchmark for the channel is not going off-air for sure. Secondly, the show might get shifted to a weekend slot but as of now it's a daily series and thirdly, Kavita will always be a part of the show.\"\"Though FIR for time being will get shifted to a weekend slot, it will be back to daily after few months,\" signs off Benaifer.With this, FIR fans finally get their questions answered!!!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17484452", "title": "Engineer killed in mishap, 4 hurt as car collides with matador", "text": "NAGPUR: A 25-year-old deputy engineer, posted at Mihan, died in a ghastly mishap when his car collided head-on with a matador on Khapri Bridge on Monday evening.Anand Pawar, a resident of Latur, was heading home from work along with two colleagues - Raju Gajbhiye and Balu Borkar - when the incident took place. Gajbhiye and Borkar too were injured in the mishap.It's learnt that the Matador, driven by Shashikant Bokde, was heading towards Wardha when it collided with the car coming in the opposite direction. The matador turned turtle while Pawar's car too was damaged. Though Bokde managed to escape unhurt, his helpers Sachin Satpaise and Prashant Datar received serious injuries.Sonegaon police station staffers rushed to the spot of the accident. The injured were taken to hospital while Pawar was shifted to the GMCH mortuary. An offence has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17485490", "title": "Women's absence makes MNREGS falter in UP", "text": "Sudama, a 45-year-old woman from Musahar community, calls herself a beneficiary of Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme ( MNREGS). Getting employment under the scheme was not easy for the woman, for the simple reason that her community was kept out of scheme by the implementing agencies at the ground level. \"We demanded jobs but were denied the same on the ground that we were a migratory community, and might not turn up for work and avail wages,\" said the woman. Her fight against the system, however, paid off. She and 20-other women of her community at Ganghariya village of Varanasi are job-card holders. \"I bore the expenses for treatment of my son-in-law after he met with an accident,\" she said. And, among the success stories of MGNREGS she isn't the only one for whom the scheme has caused a turnaround.In UP, where participation of women in MGNREGS is dismal, only 18% against the national average of 55%, success stories like Sudama are very rare. At the national consultation on Women's participation in MGNREGS, women from several districts of the state shared their experiences. Though the law provides that 33% women have to be given jobs at the worksites, in UP, women are being kept out by the local implementing agencies. Single women are especially turned away, or are being asked to come to work with a male partner. In most of the cases, a job is given to a woman only when she comes with her husband. Haribai, from Lalitpur district of Bundelkhand, who was trained to work as a 'meth' , had to pester 'pradhan' to get the job card. \"MGNREGS is basically a programme for women. The scheme is lagging behind in states like UP mostly because women have been kept out of it,\" said activist Nikhil Dey.The gender-bias also affects the nature of employment given to women under the scheme. She is still being given the manual work like digging or carrying mud. The semi-skilled and skilled jobs do not come to her. The participants at the consultation also shared that most of the work sites lack the facilities like creche for children. The work sites are also away from their homes, when the law says it cannot be more than 5 km away from the home. \"Work environment should be such that it draws women. They should be called during planning of works to be taken up under MGNREGS and there should be somebody who can tell them about the scheme in their idioms,\" said Aruna Roy, member, National Advisory Council (NAC).Among the MGNREGA challenges are delayed payments and decreasing number of job days. \"It shows the government's willingness to make the scheme strong is faltering,\" said Roy. In UP, marginalized communities like Musahars and minorities like Muslims are yet to reap the scheme's benefits. \"In Varanasi, when we surveyed 30 village panchayats, we found zero-participation of Muslim women in the scheme. They were kept out because they wear a 'purdah' and implementing agencies were of the opinion that this would keep the minority women from coming to work,\" said a social worker Nandlal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17486804", "title": "King Institute to study efficacy of herbal drugs against dengue", "text": "CHENNAI: The King Institute of Preventive Medicine will evaluate the efficacy of papaya leaf juice, neem juice (malaivembu) and nilavembu kudineer that are being prescribed to all patients admitted to the government general hospital with symptoms of fever.The directorate of Indian medicine has asked the institute to study the role played by these herbs in managing dengue fever. Last week, when health minister VS Vijay distributed the \"herbal mocktail\" to patients in the fever ward of the government general hospital, some doctors raised doubts about the effectiveness of the \"drugs\". The health department said it gave them to patients as there was evidence that they increased the body's ability to fight disease. \"Studies abroad have proven they increase immunity levels. But if we are able to prove it in our labs we can show they work on Indian patients with dengue,\" said King Institute director Dr P Gunasekaran.Earlier this month, the government issued an order asking government hospitals to make the herbal medicine available to dengue patients to help them recover faster. Patients in all GHs are given these medicines, prepared by siddha experts, along with allopathic drugs. \"It's bitter but most patients gulp it down as they believe traditional medicines have lesser side effects,\" said GH dean Dr V Kanagasabai.While the associations of Siddha and Ayurvedic medicine practitioners welcomed the move, some allopathic doctors raised objections. At the King Institute, a lab-based research will be done on how these herbs work on the four strains of dengue virus. \"It will take a few months for the results but they will bring some clarity,\" said Dr Gunasekaran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17485942", "title": "Madurai catching up with film festival culture", "text": "MADURAI: The temple city is slowly catching up with film festival culture. Though Madurai has produced several Tamil film directors, appreciation of parallel films were by and large thin in the temple city.However, there seems to be increase in awareness on parallel films and film festivals. On Tuesday, 'Madurai International Children's Film Festival (MICFF) 2012' was inaugurated in the Victoria Edward Hall in the temple city.The film festival was organised by Yadharthaa and Tamil Nadu Children Film Society. Films from several countries would be screened till December 9.The city is also getting ready to host the 14th Madurai International Film Festival from Thursday. Besides, a group of college students has plunged into short film and documentary making and is gearing up to send its films to the international queer film festival scheduled for next year in Mumbai.\"A decent number of audiences are available to appreciate documentary and short films in all the places and Madurai is no exception for that. Madurai is the cultural capital of Tamil Nadu. These film festivals nurture the culture here,\" said R P Amudhan, director of Marupakkam, an organisation, which promotes independent films and documentaries.Lately, there seems to be an increase in the number of this audience that appreciates alternate films. Though college students form a large part of these audiences, people from all walks of life too turn out for the film festivals. \"Till few years back, we used to visit Chennai regularly to watch films in festivals that could not be watched in theatres screening mainstream cinema.Even if we need CDs of these world classics, we should travel to Chennai,\" said M Sathish Kumar, a lecturer. \"Vellithirai\", a student film movement of Madurai Kamaraj University screens world classics every week. With the university's film institute set to grow big, film enthusiasts hope that parallel film appreciation would increase in future.Srishti Madurai, the first student Genderqueer resource circle of Madurai and Coimbatore has paved the way for participation in the International Queer Film Festival, 'Kashish', in Mumbai. Probably for the first time, it will have four entries, a short film and three documentaries, from south India this year,\" says M Gopi Shankar, founder of Srishti.One of the four films is \"377\" a 45-minute documentary made by J Joel Hill, a Madurai college student, which portrays how the homosexual community is being treated by the society.Amudhan, one of the organisers of the International Film Festival in Madurai said that about 100 documentaries and short films produced in India and other countries will be screened in six city colleges for three days starting from Thursday.\"Apart from short films and documentaries, there would be music videos and animation films, which would be screened in seven sections including international films, films from India, rest of India and state special sections. Film makers Anjali Monteiro and K P Jayasankar from Mumbai would participate in the film festival under the retrospective category,\" Amudhan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17484015", "title": "MP set to withdraw cases for minor offenses", "text": "JABALPUR: Madhya Pradesh could fast be turning into a safe haven for criminals. In a move ostensibly to cut down the work load on judiciary, the state government is all set to withdraw cases registered for offences punishable with less than three years of imprisonment from the courts.The cases, as per the state home department proposal, will be dealt with by the lok adalats (public courts) for speedy trial and disposal.A circular addressed to all district collectors and superintendents of police (SP) in the districts on November 24 has directed them to identify the under trials falling within their jurisdiction and compile the list. The final screening and clearance, compilation of the requisite data according to the directives shall be done by a three-member committee comprising collector, SP and district public prosecutor (DPO).The offences covered under the new order include trespassing, criminal intimidation, wrongful confinement, rash and negligent driving, causing simple hurt criminal intimidation even making obscene gestures to offend someone as described under different sections of the IPC. Offences under Arms Act (section 25), Police Act, Excise Act (section 34, 38) which meet the three-year term limit also fall under the same category are under consideration. The beneficiaries of the government's generosity are offenders who violated the laws before December 1, 2009.The move has predictably evoked criticism from the opposition camp. Slamming the policy of gunda pacification, leader of the opposition in the state assembly Ajay Singh said that this would further worsen the already deteriorating law and order situation in the state. \"The motive behind the blanket cover to criminal elements in the run up to the poll is indeed a perplexing development\", Singh told TOI on Tuesday.\"Resorting to cheap gimmick to garner electoral support would certainly be detrimental to the interest of the law abiding citizenry, which would now have little legal support\", he said.This incidentally is the second consecutive time the BJP regime has resorted to withdrawal of cases said a senior official from Vallabh Bhavan.The IPC sections 323, 279, 341, 342, 506, etc are the foundation to ensure a safe social environment. Now, going around with an illegal licence, detaining someone for ransom for two days or even act of public obscenity may not invoke the same kind of fear as a trial before the Lok Adalat has neither the sting nor the gravity, he said and hoped better sense prevailed in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "17485031", "title": "Many students hurt in school bus accident", "text": "Sirsa: Over a dozen students received minor injuries when a school bus carrying them turned turtle near village Matdadu of Sirsa district on Tuesday. All the students were rushed to the civil hospital and were discharged after first aid.According to eyewitness, the speed of the bus was high and the driver lost control over it.The parents of the children demanded strict action against the bus driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17483802", "title": "Session a trial by political fire for Shettar", "text": "BELGAUM: It's in the backdrop of a virtual vertical split in the ruling BJP that the third edition of the legislature session commences in Belgaum on Wednesday. Legislators have identified themselves with either chief minister Jagadish Shettar or former CM B S Yeddyurappa.The six-day session in the newly constructed Suvarna Vidhana Soudha, a mirror image of the Vidhana Soudha, will be a trial of political acumen for Shettar, on how he handles floor management of his own party. Yeddyurappa, despite his assurance that he won't do anything to oust Shettar, has already declared that Shettar is heading a coalition government with his loyalist ministers.To avoid any kind of embarrassment in the House, both Shettar and state BJP president K S Eshwarappa are said to have directed party legislators and ministers not to target Yeddyurappa inside or outside the House. \"An informal message has been communicated to MLAs and MLCs not to taunt or embarrass the former CM in the House, which may lead to arguments between the ruling members,\" a senior minister told TOI.For the first time in many years, Yeddyurappa will be missing from the session as he quit the BJP and his assembly membership on November 30. Though this will come as a major relief for Shettar, who had the Lingayat strongman breathing down his neck during the earlier sessions, the CM has other problems to handle.Of the 34-member ministry including Shettar, about 10 ministers have expressed their loyalty to Yeddyurappa. Though the exact number of legislators supporting the KJP is not clear, Yeddyurappa has claimed the support of more than 40 MLAs.Apart from Shettar's abilities, the short session will also test whether the Congress can put the government on the mat. \"We definitely will taunt the government over the Yeddyurappa issue. We'll demand the resignation of the CM as the government has lost confidence,\" a senior Congress leader said.While the government is planning to make big announcements to gain mileage during the legislature session, opposition parties are preparing to nail the government on issues like the Cauvery row, garbage crisis in Bangalore, power crisis in the state, ration card issue, and ineffective implementation of the loan waiver scheme.Interestingly, the CAG has audited the affairs of the Bangalore Development Authority and the report may be tabled this session. The report is expected to throw light on irregularities and denotification done by prominent leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17483799", "title": "Space crunch fuels demand for banquet halls in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: Gone are the days when marriages used to take place in the residential premises and every member of the family participated in the preparation.But with houses turning into two-bedroom apartments and joint families giving way to nuclear families, the trend has changed and banquet halls have taken the place of homes.This has also led to mushrooming of banquet halls in almost every locality and made the business very lucrative.Rooms for the guests, a sprawling lawn and everything from catering to lighting is available under one roof and all these fit the bill of a middle-class family, say banquet hall owners.\"These days people do not have time to make elaborate arrangements for weddings and banquet halls provide everything under one roof,\" said Prem Bhaskar, manager, Sai Palace banquet hall. At least a thousand halls, big and small, have come up to cater to the urban population.Many like Hotel Sanskar, a banquet hall that came up in 2008, provide all facilities, like rooms, reception halls, hawan kund. Charges range between Rs 50,000 and Rs 1 lakh, depending on the type of decorations and value additions.Akash Sharma, whose sister got married recently at a banquet hall, said, \"We stay in an apartment where there is very little space. Banquet halls take care of that problem.\"\"This is a good business as most people prefer banquet halls for marriages these days,\" said Babanji Pandey of Sangam Gardens. Kanti Kothi banquet hall, which started six months ago, is among those which give their customers choices for lighting, tent and other decorations. Anirudh Budhia of Kanti Kothi said, \"We charge only for rooms and the lawns.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17486142", "title": "Left Front to field young faces in panchayat polls", "text": "KOLKATA: To retain its vice-like grip on the state's rural bodies is easier said than done for the Left Front. It has faced seven panchayat polls, but not a single one when out of power. It isn't without reason therefore that the Left Front meeting on Tuesday primarily aimed to identify and remove the bottlenecks which led to bickering among the allies. For having pushed out of power, it is something the Left Front can ill afford.Left Front chairman Biman Bose laid down a benchmark for prospective Left candidates for the panchayat polls. \"They have to be people who are not only known to the locality, but acceptable and well-respected. It remains a priority to involve more and more young people in this,\" he said.Bose urged party workers to begin with that the groundwork for the polls. have to start at right earnest now,\"From formation of booth-level committees to the selection of candidates, work has to start now. We have to be prepared for all eventualities, even the prospect of panchayat elections taking place before the Madhyamik examinations (scheduled to start on February 25),\" he added.Though Bose's effort is to keep the party's foot soldiers on their toes, a February date for panchayat election appears unlikely now. The final voter list will be published on January 5. The state will need at least 25-45 days to complete the process leading to declaration of the election notification. Due to the Madhyamik exams, the election process has to be completed by February 20 because of the high court ban on the use of loudspeakers. This is a touch-and-go situation for the government. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has indicated that panchayat polls will be held in their scheduled time - May, 2013.\"The district level Left Front units should start their work immediately. They have to begin consultations to select the right candidate. We are not sure when the elections will be held, but we should be prepared,\" he said.Bose added also urged if there is no unanimity at local levels, the higher units of the Left Front should intervene. \"We have all learnt from past mistakes and should be careful to prevent its repeat,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17485126", "title": "Goof-up in Nagpur University's engineering paper leaves students baffled", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University's engineering faculty is already passing through a rough phase with one after other scams followed by thousands of complaints of undervaluation and even deferring of all exams rocking it in the recent past. On Tuesday, it was rocked by another blunder when almost half of the questions of third semester of 'Applied Mathematics-III' paper were out of syllabus, as per the students.Nearly, 10,000 students who appeared in their first paper were shocked to realize that as many as three questions were completely \"out of syllabus\". They tried to bring it to notice of centre in-charges and invigilators. A majority of the centre officials rejected their claims while few helped the students and contacted NU exam section officials who in turn apprised of the controller of examinations (CoE) Vilas Ramteke. A majority of students who were in the state of shock left their exam centres in first hour itself after the paper started at 9am.A students' delegation led by MNS youth wing leader Neeraj Kukde, who himself was one of the examinees, later submitted a representation signed by many aggrieved students to the NU exam section officials. TOI also received calls from places like Chandrapur and Gondia complaining about wrong questions after the paper commenced.According to the students who came calling to TOI office, this paper was common for three branches - electronics, electrical and electronics and telecommunication. However, three questions (Q3, Q9 and Q10) comprising 13 marks each were asked from mechanical branch. \"The questions of 39/80 marks were unknown to us. We got baffled initially which left us wondering as to whether our preparation went wrong. Only after talking to other students in the classroom that we realized that these questions were out of the contours of the prescribed syllabus,\" students added.The goof-up was confirmed by a mathematics lecturer at Radhikatai Pandav College of Engineering Damodar Shastrakar. \"Undoubtedly, the topics, on which these three questions were based, were out of curriculum. NU now has two options - either to award them 39 marks, or to conduct their re-exam. The students are already under the stress after the entire episode of deferring of exams and it would not be feasible to put them at stress again. Even awarding 39 marks which almost half of total marks would not be proper as all of them will clear the exam,\" he said.He advised to find out a middle path to avoid both these situations so that innocent students should not be put to unnecessary stress on account of somebody else's negligence. \"These controversial topics are supposedly in syllabus for mechanical students. Someone by mistake, would have got these questions printed for electronics and electrical students.\"Earlier, Kukde and other students who got KDK Engineering College as their exam centre blamed the college officials for ignoring their pleas regarding wrong questions. \"Other centres took written complaints from the students, but the in-charge at KDK told us to attempt all the questions anyhow. In our own college, teachers fully cooperated with the students and even forwarded their written complaint to the NU. Here we have to personally go to NU for the same,\" the students lamented.(With inputs from Lakshmi Dwivedi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chennai/new delhi", "code": "17485257", "title": "Cash scheme will influence polls, says CEC", "text": "CHENNAI/NEW DELHI: Chief election commissioner V C Sampath on Tuesday expressed his disapproval over the Centre's decision to go ahead with the direct cash transfer scheme when assembly elections were round-the-corner in Gujarat.Himachal Pradesh, the other state that went to polls, is yet to know the result, and model code of conduct is still in force.Sampath, who was in Chennai to review the ongoing summary revision of rolls, said that the EC would not allow the level playing field to be disturbed in any manner. He said the Centre should not have started the scheme at this juncture. \"Our order is clear, that it is something which ought not to have been done now.\" The scheme will actually come into effect only on January 1, but the EC's view is that the announcement should not have been made now as it would influence elections in the two states. \"We have expressed our concern,\" he added.The CEC has also directed the Centre to suspend all steps towards operationalization of the scheme in the two election-bound states until the poll process was complete. Incidentally, this may make little difference on the ground as the direct cash transfer scheme is to roll out across 51 districts \u00e2\u20ac\u201d of which four are in Gujarat and two in Himachal Pradesh \u00e2\u20ac\u201d only from January 1, 2013. The poll process in the two states will wind up by December 24.TOI was the first to report on December 2 about EC's unhappiness over the timing of the cash transfer scheme and said its implementation would be put on hold in the poll-bound states until after the elections.The EC's order on Tuesday, which followed a BJP complaint, said the poll-eve announcement was \"avoidable... going by the letter and spirit of the model code of conduct\".Stating that the commission was not going into the merits of the government's policy decisions but was concerned if any such decision would disturb the electoral level playing field, the EC said the government had failed to offer justification sought by it on the necessity of the direct cash transfer announcement while the poll code was in force in Gujarat and Himachal.The three-member body is said to have questioned the urgency behind announcing the scheme in November when the roll out was slated only by the New Year, by when the poll process would be over.Besides, the fact that two Union ministers, P Chidambaram and Jairam Ramesh , held forth on the benefits of the scheme from Congress platforms caught the EC's attention. The government sees cash transfers as a major poll hook, coining the slogan \"aap ka paisa, aap ke haath\" while seeing the benefits of the scheme in streamlining subsidies and getting rid of ghost beneficiaries. Mindful of its populist appeal, the BJP lost no time in alleging violation of the poll code by the Congress-led government at the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17486750", "title": "Court: Advertisement hoardings on railway land need corporation nod", "text": "CHENNAI: Hoardings put up on railway premises too need permission from civic authorities if the advertisements are visible to road users, the Madras high court has ruled.Passing an order to this effect on Tuesday, Justice D Hariparanthaman dismissed a batch of petitions filed by outdoor advertising agencies who claimed that their hoardings put up at places such as MRTS stations on Rajiv Gandhi Salai (IT Corridor), LB Road, Padi Railway station, etc do not require permission from the Chennai Corporation and that they need not pay tax to the civic body.Concurring with the submissions of additional advocate general P H Aravindh Pandian, the judge also imposed a cost of 25,000 on each of the agencies, payable to the Chennai Corporation.The advertisement agencies, through their counsel, submitted that they don't need any permission from civic bodies to erect advertisements on railway premises and don't have to pay fees for the same.The railways, however, took a different stand and said the advertises should have taken permission from the statutory authorities as required by law.Aravindh Pandian, describing such hoardings as illegal and liable to be removed, said the permission given by the railway authorities was not enough to put up advertisements on railway premises. Noting that they need licence from Chennai Corporation under Chapter XII-A of the Chennai City Municipal Corporation Act, 1919, he said, \"Since they did not obtain licence before erecting the hoardings, they are unauthorized and illegal, and are liable to be removed.\"Counsel for the IT Expressway Limited, which has a partnership development agreement with the state government, said the company was entitled to collect licence fee from advertisers. The hoardings erected along the IT Corridor did not have valid licence, its counsel said.Justice Hariparanthaman, citing various court rulings, said the word 'at any place' found in Section 326-A of the MCMC Act made it clear that hoardings erected in public place or private place for exhibiting advertisement came under its jurisdiction if they are visible to public in whole or part.Noting that it is not the case of the agencies that their hoardings were not visible to the public, the judge said if it is held that they do not need corporation's permission, it would defeat the very purpose of the Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17485183", "title": "HC imposes Rs 25K fine on Maharashtra University of Health Sciences", "text": "NAGPUR: Coming to the rescue of terror victim from Jammu and Kashmir, the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court has flayed the Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS) for harassing her and imposed a fine of Rs25,000 as compensation for the same. A division bench comprising justices Ashok Bhangale and Bhushan Gavai also ordered the Nashik-based university to declare her final year MBBS result in a week.Rashmi Bhat approached the court after MUHS failed to declare her results on the grounds of awaiting letter of approval from Government Medical College (GMC) in Nagpur and Medical Council of India (MCI) for her admission from central government quota for terrorist victims. Ashutosh Dharmadhikari appeared for the petitioner while Anoop Singh Parihar represented the central and state governments.The judges asked MUHS to pay the fine to court's Legal Services Sub-Committee and granted it the liberty to find out the officer responsible for this avoidable harassment and recover the fine amount from him. They also blamed the lack of coordination between the MUHS, central government and MCI for the mess.The court rejected oral request for keeping this order in abeyance for few weeks made by the MUHS counsel Tejeswini Khade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "17486033", "title": "Clash brings traffic to a halt on NH-34", "text": "MALDA: Traffic on National Highway 34 came to a standstill for over 12 hours since Monday night North and South Bengal were virtually cut off for more than 12 hours following two separate blockades, triggered by a clash between CPM and Trinamool Congress activists near Kaliachak.Thousands of passengers heading to Siliguri and Kolkata and were to reach in the morning were stranded and complete traffic services were yet to be restored till last reports came.The lorries too became standstill for hours. The situation is yet to be normalized fully.It has been learnt that a local DYFI leader Arzu Sheikh and his followers had organized a football tournament at Baliadanga on Monday night. Local DYFI leader Arzu Sheikh and his followers were the organizers.Around 8pm, a group of youths led by Bokul Sheikh, a Trinamool leader, allegedly attacked a dais set up there and a clash broke out.\"The match was suspended and the Baliadanga ground soon turned into a battlefield. Outnumbered by DYFI supporters, Bokul and his followers fled. had to flee from the spot leaving two motorbikes. The bikes were then set on fire.Later, they returned with more Trinamool activists and started hurling bombs at the tournament venue,\" said witnesses. As bombs were hurled from both sides of NH-34, traffic came to a standstill. Sources said that there were few rounds of firing too. miscreants had even fired targeting the rival groups.Officials from Kaliachak police station reached the spot around 10pm to bring the situation under control. the situation around 10.00 pm.Later, CPM followers put up a road blockade near Baliadanga demanding immediate arrest of the culprits. On the other hand, TMC followers, too, blocked the road near Sujapur. with the demand of arresting Arzu and others.Two separate road blockades brought the traffic to a grinding halt. Efforts from police did not yield any result. Finally, the blockades were lifted on early Tuesday morning. but by then the stranded vehicles increased to huge number.Political leaders including the Ministers passed the buck on police.\"It was the responsibility of the police to normalize the situation by arresting the culprits\", said Sabitri Mitra, the women and child welfare minister, adding that Bokul was earlier threatened by Congress and CPM members after he had joined Trinamool. joined our party he was threatened by local Congress and CPM. \"I had informed the police earlier, but of no avail,\" she added. Minister of Tourism minister Krishnendu Chowdhury said: \"Kaliachak has become a headache with its deteriorating law and order situation. I'll soon hold a meeting with the SP to take stock of the situation.\"Animesh Sinha, DYFI district secretary, alleged that the Trinamool men had attacked Arzu while the tournament was on. According to him, Arzu is an active worker of the party. Congress MLA Sabina Yeasmin said, \"Kaliachak has become a safe haven for the anti socials. But police are inactive.\" I fear it is the indulgence of the administration has worsened the situation.\" Disgusted local people also agitated against police this morning.SP Jayanta Pal said, \"The clash was between two groups, who had a tiff over a land. We have begun the probeand the situation is under control now.\"However, the worst sufferers were the passengers taking journey on this route. Manas Roy, for example, started for Malda from Behrampore this morning. But the two hours' distance took more than seven hours and he reached in the evening. Similarly, Silguri bound passengers who took the bus last night from Kolkata could not reach even after 18 hours.Two separate blockades following a clash between CPM and TMC at Kaliachak had jeopardized the traffic on road since last night.Within seconds, the bombings started from either side of the NH-34. no wonder, the traffic on the highway stopped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17485696", "title": "Now, non-Goan wives will also get allowance", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has amended the griha aadhar scheme of monthly allowance to housewives to allow women from outside Goa married to Goans too to avail the scheme by producing only a three-year residential certificate.The scheme has been amended for 'removal of difficulties in the implementation of griha aadhar'. The amendment states, \"In case of a married woman, who is originally native from outside the state, and has married with a person who has been residing in Goa for last fifteen years, the applicant shall submit her certificate of residence in Goa for a minimum period of three years along with her birth certificate as a proof that she is native of outside Goa and 15 years residence certificate of her husband.\"In order to address the problem of rising prices and to assist homemakers from middle, lower-middle and poor sections of society to maintain a reasonable standard of living for their families, the government of Goa has launched the griha adhar scheme. Run by the directorate of women and child development, it assists homemakers my providing them a monthly amount of 1,000.Any married woman above the age of 18 is eligible to apply for benefits under this scheme but the beneficiary had to be mandatorily a resident of Goa for the last 15 years until the recent amendment. The gross income of the husband and wife taken together should not exceed Rs 3 lakh per annum to benefit from the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bhilia", "code": "17486572", "title": "Condom vending machines in Bhilai bite the dust", "text": "BHILIA: The AIDS Control department of JLN Hospital &amp; Research Centre had established condom vending machines at several points across the city. Most of these machines now stand defunct.Four years ago, the machines were setup near Main medical post and Sector 10 petrol pump. While speaking to ToI,Dr P.P. Singh, M.D. (Homeo),Sector -7 Heath Centre, Bhilai said that very few people are aware of it. \"The vending machines are biting the dust. Installed at an inappropriate location, an employee will hardly use it after a strenuous day work,\" he said.Another reason for its failure was lack of awareness regarding its operation among labourers and poor sections of society. It seems that whole objective for setting up vending machines has lost its purpose.The members of nursing staff also attributed limited number of brand choices as the reason for failure of these vending machines. What is probably more appalling is that the hospital is not keen on taking any steps to make the machines more approachable.\"A major chunk of male population is still shy to ask for condoms,\" said a doctor. Medical shop owners say that people consider buying condom a taboo. \"Often they buy it using gestures or sign language instead of asking for it directly. This attitude needs to be changed,\" said a pharmacist.Asif (name changed) a working professional said that the \"rubber buying\" is a discomforting experience for him. Though the discomfort resides in his head, he feels that shopkeeper is sizing him up making a mental picture of him and his partner indulging in the act.As the number of AIDS cases in the state and Bhilai rise at an alarming rate, a plethora of events were scheduled on World AIDS day across the city with an objective to spread awareness and education among the public to eradicate the deadly virus.Originally called as \"truck driver's disease\" due to its high rate of prevalence among truck drivers and their helpers, AIDS has firmly spread its tentacles in the urban setup. Commonly spread by unprotected sex, sharing infected syringes and blades and infected blood transfusion, it doesn't spread by touching or hugging as opposed to the common myth.Equated with stigma, most of the patients suffering from it are shunned by society, friends and family members alike. An important reason for its transmission includes non usage of condom.Clearly, a lot needs to be done to take the \"shyness out\". To spread awareness, an AIDS rally was organized by the staff members and nursing college students of JLN Research.Starting the rally from Sector-9 hospital, participants held colorful placards shouting about steps taken for AIDS prevention concluding it at Sector-7, Health centre.The City's igloo shaped Nehru Art Gallery organized a painting exhibition based on AIDS control to spread awareness among the masses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "lahli", "code": "17486036", "title": "Haryana end 42-year wait as Delhi crumble", "text": "LAHLI: Some drama was promised when Haryana had finished Day Three 250 runs ahead in their Ranji Trophy Group B match against Delhi. And drama did unfold on the final day, bringing with it great joy for the hosts. Set a target of 293 from a possible 70 overs, Delhi folded up for 209 with three overs to go to let Haryana register their first win over the visitors in 42 years.One will have to, though, spare a thought for veteran Mithun Manhas (72) who fought for 234 minutes but could not save Delhi from a bitter loss.However, the glaring bit about the day's play was Haryana taking a rather defensive approach in spite of being in a position to dominate right from the beginning of day's play. The hosts took 92 minutes to add 42 runs to their overnight score of 167/5, losing four wickets. Sumit Narwal's 5/35 was a forgotten figure by the time match ended.It was a bit baffling why Haryana captain Amit Mishra delayed the declaration, leaving his team with fewer overs to bowl on a square-turning, last day pitch. But he did get into the act with in-form pacer Mohit Sharma to derail Delhi's chase that was well and truly on at tea. The skipper picked up four wickets from his 17 overs costing 50 runs, including the dangerous pair of Rajat Bhatia (33) and Manhas.The advantage swivelled around from Haryana to Delhi and then to the hosts again in the last session of the day. Captain Shikhar Dhawan made his intentions clear right from the time he walked onto the centre an hour before lunch. Despite losing fellow opener Unmukt Chand to the second ball of the innings, Shikhar was at his attacking best as Delhi went into lunch at 50/1 from 11 overs.However, the task of seeing the team to safety once again came to Delhi's goto men, Bhatia and Manhas, once Mohit Sharma (42) and Shikhar Dhawan were dismissed after lunch. Dhawan (32 off 35 balls) was mindlessly run out on the second delivery of the second session . And when Vaibhav Rawal lost his stumps to Mohit, it allowed Mishraotherwise reluctant to bowl to left-handers\u00e2\u20ac\u201d to slip in more overs to make up for the slow over rate in the process.Just when Delhi thought they had brought the chase back on track, needing another 120 runs from 154 balls, Mishra removed Bhatia\u00e2\u20ac\u201dending the 68-run partnership for the 5th wicketand Punit Bisht in a space of two deliveries . Haryana started sniffing the kill and when Sumit Narwal nicked a wide delivery from Mohit, the hosts had their tail up. The moment came for Haryana when No. 11 Vikas Mishra padded up to Jayant Yadav and the umpire nodded in the affirmative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17486185", "title": "Govt okays Auto City project near Mysore", "text": "Mysore: The garages in the city area will be moved to the city's outskirts with the government approving the Auto City project on Tuesday. The urban body has received the administrative approval from the urban development department. Muda is working on the project preparing the Detailed Project Report (DPR) to set up four such facilities at four corners of the city. \"The administrative approval is accorded following a budgetary provisions made by Muda this fiscal,\" district minister S A Ramdas said in a statement. When contacted, Muda commissioner C G Betsurmath said they have identified two places to build the facility and the DPR is under progress. \"The project is to move the garages in the city areas to the outskirts. Auto City will also provide spare parts and other services,\" he added. The spot identified are in Bandipalya near APMC market yard and other at Satagalli. Two more spots are being located. According to the commissioner, the Centre will extend funds to build the facility at the four spots. The urban body has earmarked Rs 10 lakh to develop DPR in its budget. The government too has reserved funds for the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17486793", "title": "Easing of visa norms to boost medical tourism", "text": "CHENNAI: With the Centre easing restrictions on tourist visas that required a two-month gap between consecutive visits for people from certain countries, medical tourism is likely to get a boost.The tourist visa restriction, relaxed on Monday, was introduced in November 2009 after the Mumbai terror attacks when it was found that Pakistani-American David Headley had breached security norms to visit India several times. With the easing of restrictions, Chennai is likely to see an increased flow of visitors from the Gulf countries for medical tourism. The Indian missions in UAE grant about 80,000 visas a year.Mallika Mohandas, chairperson of MIOT hospitals that receives a number of patients from Oman and Iraq, said, \"Though most patients come on medical visas, the easing of restrictions on tourist visas will help patients' relatives.\" Iraqi nationals who have suffered through decades of dissent and war are sponsored by various groups for treatment here.Noted cardiologist Dr Ullas Pandurangi said, \"The easing of visa norms is a welcome move as patients can meet the doctors, go back and discuss the details with their families, and return for the procedure. Earlier, most of these discussions took place over email or through intermediaries. There is nothing like a patient visiting the doctor personally.''Abdullah Owais, a UAE national whose father is being treated in Chennai, said, \"We are happy to come here as the people are nice and the treatment is world class. This is my second visit and Chennai is only a three-hour flight from there.\"According to immigration officials at Anna International Airport, at least 15 people from Gulf countries land in Chennai every day for medical treatment.Arab patients feel at home here as a number of restaurants serve their food here. One outlet on Greams Road also delivers Arab-style food to hospitals across the city. With the easing of restrictions, the hospitality and food sector will also benefit.Foreign tourist arrivals till this October showed a marginal increase of 6.2% compared to last year. Tourist arrivals till October stood at 52.19 lakh. Foreign exchange earnings from January to October 2012 stood at Rs 74,215 crore with a growth of 22.1% over last year, when earnings were Rs 60,780 crore.Industry watchers are hoping that the lifting of the 60-day restriction will encourage foreign tourists to visit the country and use it as a hub while visiting Southeast Asia and neighbouring countries. India issues single-entry tourist visas for a period of three months. It issues multiple-entry tourist visas for six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17484007", "title": "Blue chips shower green bucks on IITians", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With job offers of Rs 10-12 lakh per annum, students of IIT Bhubaneswar are raking in big bucks this recruitment season. While 10 globally renowned companies have already conducted campus interviews in the premier institute in the past two months, at least five others are scheduled to visit in the coming weeks.Finisar, a fiber optic subsystems technology provider, has offered around Rs 12.5 lakh annual package to a couple of students. Flipkart (online shopping company) has offered Rs 11.5 lakh per annum, while public sector Bharat Petro Chemicals has hired a few students by offering at an annual remuneration of Rs 10 lakh. Besides, among others, Texas Technology, Trigent, Altair, Samsung and Avtech are hiring students in the pay range of R 8 lakh to Rs 10 lakh a year.\"The placement scenario looks very good this time. Since at least two more months are left for campus recruitment, we hope all students will have handsome offers with them,\" said TVS Sekhar, professor in-charge of career development cell at the IIT here.Sources said after a slow start in September, the hiring picked up towards the end of October and in November. Tricon Infotech, Larsen and Toubro , Orient Cements and HCL are in the queue to come to the campus soon. Over 30 students have already got lucrative job offers from among around 90 students who will pass out in 2013. Though the first batch of the IIT (who passed out in 2012) too had 100% placement, the pay being offered this time is far higher with an average jump of 40 to 50%. The first batch had to contend with an annual offer of Rs 6 lakh to Rs 8 lakh.Sekhar said the institute is keen on core sector companies compared to the software sector so that the core competence of students is best used. \"This will help in career growth of students in the long term and optimum use of the students' talents by employers,\" he said. Sekhar said finally many students may not join jobs and opt for higher studies instead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17486823", "title": "Railway man axed over Rs 387 gets relief", "text": "CHENNAI: What can a paltry Rs 387 do to a government employee? A lot \u00e2\u20ac\u201d even cost him his job \u00e2\u20ac\u201d as railway ticket inspector N Gopal Raman learnt to his dismay.Handling three coaches in a train running between Coimbatore and Erode in December 2003, Gopal Raman, a deputy chief ticket inspector at that time, was found to be carrying Rs 387 \"excess\" cash by a vigilance squad.His explanation that he checked 254 passengers and issued 17 excess fare tickets during the 90-minute travel, and that his personal cash, too, got mixed with the day's collection, did not cut ice with vigilance personnel. He was charged with misconduct. At the end of a five-year-long inquiry, he was removed from service in April 2008 for having \"failed to maintain absolute integrity, devotion to duty and for having acted in a manner unbecoming of a government servant.\"His appeal against the order yielded him a small relief \u00e2\u20ac\u201d instead of removal from service, his axing was treated as \"compulsory retirement\".Gopal Raman knocked at the doors of the Madras bench of the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT), saying the authorities did not take cognizance of the pressure under which he had to check 254 tickets and issue excess fare tickets to 17 people in 90 minutes. There was no complaint from any of the passengers travelling on the train, he said.The railways remained unmoved during the proceedings, saying that as a supervisory staff member, Gopal Raman should have declared his private cash when he signed in the muster and started his work. He even claimed that a friend had given him Rs 375 at the Erode station, it pointed out. \"It has been proved that the person was in possession of excess cash and the natural corollary is that he had demanded and accepted illegal gratification from the passengers on board,\" it said.A CAT bench comprising judicial member G Shanthappa and administrative member R Satapathy held that the quantum of punishment imposed on Gopal Raman was grossly disproportionate to the charges levelled against him. While desisting from prescribing any particular punishment to him, the bench said the appellate authority in the railways should have imposed any major penalty other than dismissal or compulsory removal from service.Quashing his compulsory retirement, the bench referred the matter back to the railways for reconsideration, but said Gopal Raman was not entitled to claim compensation for the period when he was out of service. The service, however, shall count for all other purposes, including pension, the bench said adding that the matter should be decided in three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17484833", "title": "Mankapur railway overbridge set to get a push", "text": "NAGPUR: The work on Mankapur railway overbridge on national highway number 69 will be expedited after National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) agreed to submit structural design by December end. The decision was taken in a joint meeting convened on Tuesday.NH 69 leading to Chhindwara faces problems due to railway crossing through which over 200 trains bound for Delhi and Chennai pass everyday.As barricades are put up, the traffic is severely affected at regular intervals and leads to long queues of vehicles on both sides. Sometimes it takes a few hours to open the gates. In fact, the RoB was sanctioned long back \"but not even a single brick has been laid\".Even the high court has taken a serious cognizance of delay in construction of RoB and directed both NHAI and railways to coordinate with each other to expedite work. Subsequently, the Central Railway on Tuesday convened a meeting with NHAI officials.Issues pertaining to construction of three RoBs - Mankapur, Godhani and Chinchoda - were discussed in the meet which was attended by divisional railway manager Brijesh Dixit, general manager (NHAI) U M Shambarkar and other senior officials of both the government agencies.NHAI has also agreed to deposit codal charges (money deposited towards any damage) of Rs3.39 crore for Mankapur RoB, Rs1.96 crore for Godhani RoB and Rs2.40 crore for Chichonda RoB.About Mankapur RoB, NHAI also claimed that the new approach road will be completed by January 5, 2013. NHAI officials were asked to deposit Rs1.83 crore for shifting and erection of new level crossing at Mankapur level crossing. It was also decided to convene a review meeting every 15 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "17485110", "title": "Torrential rain in Nellore", "text": "NELLORE: Heavy rains lashed several parts of Nellore district on Tuesday. While several mandals reported downpour on Monday, the rains spread to more areas on the second day. The met department put the district authorities on high alert saying that the rains could continue for another 24 hours under the impact of a low pressure in the Bay of Bengal .Meanwhile, farmers of upland areas in the district welcomed the rains as it would help their crops as the water from canals was not released on time. Several mandals in the district have received a month's average rainfall in the just two days. According to reports, Sydapuram received the highest rain fall on Tuesday with 105mm, whereas other mandals like Thotapalli Gudur received 82 mm, Venkatachalam 75 mm, Munubole 88 mm, Gudur 83 mm, Balayapalli, 62 mm, Chillakur 69 mm, Kota 72 mm and Vakadu 66 mm. While the district average for the whole month was 109 mm, it has already received nearly 98 mm in the last two days. Rains were widespread and reported in almost all the mandals of the district.The sudden change in the weather resulted in temperatures dipping by three to four degree C. The temperatures dipped to 24 degree C from 28 degrees C during the day time and reported further low temperatures during the night time. The south central railway authorities at Vijayawada division have regulated several trains running on Vijayawada-Chennai section following heavy rains in Chennai. According to information, Chennai-Kakinada, Circar express, Chennai-New Delhi, Grand Trunk (GT) express, Chennai-Jaipur express, Chennai-Hyderabad Charminar express trains have been diverted through Renigunta and Gundur. Officials have also said that there was every possibility of trains getting delayed due to the rains in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17486040", "title": "SC to decide on Sangma\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s petition today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The SC on Wednesday will pronounce its decision whether or not Purno Sangma's petition challenging election of Pranab Mukherjee as president disclosed such material requiring a trial for determination of their veracity.A five-judge bench comprising Chief Justice Altamas Kabir and Justices P Sathasivam, S S Nijjar, J Chelameswar and Ranjan Gogoi will pronounce the order on Sangma's plea for a trial on his petition seeking quashing of Mukherjee's election. Sangma's counsel Ram Jethmalani had argued that there were documents to show that Mukherjee was disqualified to contest the presidential poll as he had not quit offices of profit \u00e2\u20ac\u201d leader of Congress party in LS and chairman of Indian Statistical Institute, Kolkata \u00e2\u20ac\u201d before filing nomination.AG G E Vahanvati and Mukherjee's counsel, senior advocate Harish Salve, had said these posts were not offices of profit even though the former FM had quit these posts well ahead of filing nomination. tnnAttorney general G E Vahanvati and Mukherjee's counsel, senior advocate Harish Salve, had said these posts were not offices of profit even though the former finance minister had quit these posts well ahead of filing nomination. Both had requested the court to dismiss Sangma's petition at the preliminary scrutiny stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17486087", "title": "Like MS Dhoni, Cook prefers a turner", "text": "KOLKATA: Mahendra Singh Dhoni's continued demand for turning tracks may have raised a ruckus, but the Indian skipper found resonance from the most unlikely quarters \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the opposing skipper. No, Alastair Cook hasn't joined the 'spin's the way' campaign, but he would rather have a turner than a turn-off.\"Mumbai gave us a great chance of winning because it was a result wicket. On the very flat ones, it's very hard to get a result. Mumbai proved with a turning track that it gives both sides a chance to win,\" the England skipper said almost on the heels of his Indian counterpart defending his choice of surface despite the defeat in Mumbai. Cook, of course, exuded the confidence of a captain who had conquered the opposition in its own den.\"You have to stick to your strengths,\" Dhoni had declared. \"When you come to India you want to play on the turning tracks. Yes, we lost a game but irrespective of the results, we want to play on wickets that have subcontinent conditions. That's what home advantage is all about,\" added Dhoni, brushing aside thoughts of a rethink after the Mumbai debacle.Dhoni, whose demand for a turner saw curator Prabir Mukherjee see red in the runup to the Test, said \"the wicket looks good\" and that \"there won't be much help for the spinners initially\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17485462", "title": "Increase in tax on cigarettes protested", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh Cigarette Traders' Association (UPCTA) has claimed that the increase in tax on cigarettes has encouraged illicit trading from neighbouring states of Uttar Pradesh. The state government has increased VAT on cigarettes from 17.5% to 50% since July 1. The association said that after the hike in tax, cigarettes worth Rs 500 crore have been smuggled into the state in the past five months.Shyam Mohan Agarwal president of UPCTA said, \"Tax disparity between UP and neighbouring states (approx 20%) has led to illicit trade of cigarettes in the state.\" General secretary Harsh Agarwal said the state government had increased tax on cigarettes with dual purpose of increasing revenue and discouraging people from smoking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17486895", "title": "Rs 20L worth gold, silver stolen from pawn shop", "text": "CHENNAI: A pawn shop at Chengalpet was broken into on Monday and gold and silver jewellery worth about Rs 20 lakh stolent.The theft came to light when neighbours noticed the shutter of the shop tampered with and informed the owner, Nemaram. He rushed there and found the almirah and showcases broken. At least 54 sovereigns of gold jewellery and 10 kg of silver were missing.A police inspection found that the shutter had been broken with a crowbar. Nemaram has been running the pawn shop for the past eight months in the area. A case was registered.\"We have been insisting that all traders, including jewelers and pawnbrokers, install CCTV cameras inside and outside their shops. Nemaram didn't install such gadgets,\" a police officer said.\"We have got some clues and special teams have been in place to crack the case,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17486712", "title": "Police yet to recover missing Maner boy", "text": "PATNA: One Roshan Kumar, 11, a student of standard VII in Maner Central School, has been missing from his Jayaprakash Nagar residence since November 20. An FIR was lodged with the Maner police station on November 21 in this connection.Ramji Singh, the boy's father said, \"Roshan left home on November 20 evening without informing anybody. Even after 14 days, the police have failed to recover him.\" However, he does not suspect anybody. The schoolmates of Roshan, along with other students of other schools, took out a rally a couple of days back to create pressure on the police to recover him.SHO, Maner, Adiya Kumar said, \"We have searched several places at Maner and Patna with the help of Roshan's brother and friends but to no avail.\"Meanwhile, Acting on a tip-off, Patna police on Monday night arrested nine notorious criminals along with two country-made pistols, seven cartridges, two mobile phones and two four-wheelers from Phulwarisharif police station area.SP (city) Jayant Kant said, \"Among the nine arrested, Arjun Thathera and Prince Paswan were accused in a murder case of November 9 under Phulwarisharif police station. The others were also associated with him in other crimes that took place under different police stations in Patna district.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17489007", "title": "Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti opposed to cash transfer scheme", "text": "NAGPUR: The proposed direct cash transfer scheme of subsidy to beneficiaries will adversely affect 10 million tribals and poor people Vidarbha, said Kishore Tiwari of Vidarbha Janandolan Samiti (VJS), warning that if the scheme is implemented in Vidarbha, it will also cause massive deforestation. Tiwari has urged the Centre to suspend the scheme till its implications are not considered and legal status coupled with constitutional validity of Aadhar cards is not approved by Parliament.The UPA government is planning to give cash to buy food from the market to beneficiaries of Annapurna and Anotyadaya schemes. However, Tiwari warned of food security problem for tribals and other families covered under BPL category.\"Moreover, reducing kerosene quota drastically will lead to large-scale felling of forests. The scheme has not worked well for 25,000 households in Kotkasim, a block in Rajasthan's Alwar district bordering Haryana,\" said Tiwari.Our experience has been that beneficiaries will not be able to access the accounts in which the government transfers the money. \"Wages under MGNREGA and pension to old widows does not reach them. So what is the guarantee that cash transferred to beneficiary accounts will be utilized for the same purpose,\" asked Tiwari.The VJS leader fears this is an attempt to end public distribution system (PDS) to benefit multinationals. The plans to extend cash transfer scheme to food and cooking gas subsidies will also hurt the poor, who should not be left at the mercy of market forces.The year-old pilot programme on cash transfer in Kotkasim has failed miserably. Most residents complain they did not receive money for one year or at the best got one of the four instalments.Tiwari said there is a constitutional question mark over validity of much-hyped Aadhar cards too. It cannot be the sole proof for the government scheme for direct transfer of cash to a poor person's account, as banks are not ready to accept Aadhar cards as ID proof, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17488134", "title": "Gautham Karthik's first look in Kadal!", "text": "Maniratnam's kadal starring Gautham Karthik and Thulasi Nair is wrapped up and the audio launch is eagerly awaited. Meanwhile the first look poster of the film has been released.While earlier a poster with Gautham Karthik not revealing his face was released, the latest shows the lead actor kneeling down with his arms wide opened and looking up at the skies. Here we have managed to bring you the first look from the film, posted by Gautham Karthik on his Facebook page.The ace director is though still managing to keep the looks of yesteryear heroine Radha's younger daughter Thulasi's look in suspense. The movie also stars Arjun, Lakshmi Manchu, Pasupathy, Thambi Ramaih in prominent roles.The team is all set to release one song, Nenjukulle , from the film today on all the radio stations. A R Rahman's music is one of the major highlights in this film. Recently A.R Rahman performed a song from my movie ' Kadal ' called nenjukulle at MTV unplugged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17485980", "title": "Night shelters lack maintenance and functionality", "text": "VARANASI: The condition of Rain Basera (night shelters) located at around 12 different sites of the city speaks volumes about the preparedness of Varanasi Municipal Corporation (VMC) in providing shelter to thousands of homeless dwelling in the city.While the night shelters have been permanently built for proper functioning from this year, they lack proper maintenance and functionality as per the norms.The night shelter at Maqbool Alam road near Chowkaghat had no power and water supply. According to a local, Ajay, at Chowkaghat area, the shelter often becomes favourite spot for mischief and illicit activities.This year, for the first time, all the 12 night shelters will be made operational in the city. As per the guidelines issues by ministry of Urban Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation, the night shelters should operate all day throughout the year and should have proper drinking water facility, electricity, clean and functional toilets, utensils, first aid, primary health care, bedding, blankets, and other necessities. The guidelines also state that 30 per cent of the intake at these shelters should be reserved for women and senior citizens. However, the night shelters of Varanasi lack proper maintenance and have become home to miscreants and they lack proper maintenance.According to municipal commissioner, Sachidanand Singh, \"all the construction work in the night shelters has already been completed. They would be made ready to provide shelter to homeless and destitute in one week's time.\" At least one guard would be appointed by VMC at the night shelter to look after it. As far as the mischievous activities are concerned, Singh added, that although meant for round the year functioning, the shelter is thronged mostly in the winter season. Therefore, if any mischievous activities are found happening at the shelter, quick action will be taken against them.With the MET office indicating sharp fall in the mercury that has already reached single digits (minimum temperature recorded at 9.3 degree Celsius on Sunday, 9.2 degree celsius on Monday) in early December, the lack of preparation on VMC's part exposed the hollowness of tall claims made for the winter season.So far no arrangements have been made for the bonfires. According to Singh, the bonfires will be lit once the cold waves become intense in the region. Initially, the bonfires will be lit at 15 places and the number will increase with the intensity of cold thereafter. The maximum number of bonfires in 2011 was 108 while in 2010, the number shot up to 234. As per the records of VMC, around 50 kg of firewood is consumed at a particular place each day during the winter season. In past four years, VMC has consumed over 70 tonnes of firewood for the bonfires.According to sources in the VMC, there is no separate funding for bonfires in peak winter season. The arrangements are made from the contingency fund. At the same time, there is no fixed norm to start the process that gets unnecessarily delayed in getting clearance from the office of municipal commissioner.Maldahiya, Rathyatra, Maidagin, Gadaulia, Durgakund and Lanka besides Cantonment railway station and Roadways bus stand are some of the prominent crossings and places where bonfires are lit initially.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17486745", "title": "Action Taken Report on MNREGA scamreport by Dec-end: Min", "text": "PATNA: Rural development minister Nitish Mishra on Tuesday said in the Bihar legislative council that the Action Taken Report (ATR) in the alleged Rs 6,000 crore 'MNREGA scam' in Bihar would be made available on the government website by the month-end.Replying to a two-hour special debate on the alleged scam in the pre-lunch session of the House, the minister said FIRs had been lodged against 200 people, including 47 mukhiyas, and 176 MNREGA workers, including 19 programme coordinators, were dismissed during the last six months (for irregularities).He said within 24 hours of the release of a performance audit report alleging a scam of Rs 6000 crore in MNREGA in Bihar by the Delhi-based Centre for Environment and Food Security (CEFS), Bihar government ordered probe in each of the sample villages spread over 10 districts.The minister said over the last six months, the government had conducted random surprise checks of one panchayat in each village by a deputy collector-rank official. \"Out of the total 8436 panchayats, we have made inspections in 3416 panchayats and issued show-cause notices to 2411 panchayat sevaks,\" he said.Amid walkout by the RJD and Congress members, Mishra did not completely rule out corruption in MNREGA but added that the Delhi-based NGO had blown it out of proportion. It is not a Bihar-specific case but a national phenomenon. Even in a state like Kerala, there were reports of financial irregularities in MNREGA. There is a systemic weakness in the scheme, he added.During his 30-minute speech, the minister admitted irregularities in payment through post offices. In order to make it full-proof, the government has initiated a drive to open bank accounts for MNREGA workers. \"Within two months, separate bank accounts would be opened for all MNREGA workers for directly making payment in their respective accounts,\" he said, adding the government would invite NGOs for conducting social audit of MNREGA in Bihar.Citing the example of Araria district, he said the government has paid a sum of Rs 9.25 lakh to 310 MNREGA workers as unemployment allowance following a social audit report by an NGO. The government has also suspended the DDC and initiated departmental proceeding against him.Earlier, several members including Basudeo Singh (CPM), Ghulam Gaus, Tanvir Hasan, Mishri Lal Yadav (all RJD), Neeraj Kumar (JD-U) and Kedar Nath Pandey (CPI) participated in the special debate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17485666", "title": "Government leaked 'Awal karkun' exam paper to favourites, alleges Fatorda MLA", "text": "MARGAO: Independent MLA Vijai Sardesai accused the government of rigging the examination procedure for government jobs and for supplying their favoured candidates with question papers, and called for the vigilance department to carry out an inquiry.Sardesai claimed that the recently-announced posts of Awal Karkun by the South Goa district collectorate, where written examinations were conducted to screen candidates, were rigged, and that candidates of their choice having close links to the state BJP party and the South Goa district collector N D Agwarwal were selected.\"The game plan of the present government gets exposed when candidates of their choice manage to pass these examinations with flying colours, thus leaving many a hardworking and conscious candidate high and dry,\" added Sardesai, addressing mediapersons on Tuesday. Sardesai called for the vigilance department to thoroughly probe the matter, and for the selections to be kept in abeyance till the investigations are completed. He further demanded that the role of Agarwal in allegedly giving out such favours had to be examined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17485119", "title": "NMC to restart dogs sterilization programme", "text": "NAGPUR: To control the stray dog menace, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to restart the animal birth control (ABC) programme, commonly known as sterilization of dogs. The programme came to a grinding halt in April 2011.NMC's veterinary officer Dr Gajendra Mahalle told TOI that the plan is to implement the programme through NGOs and government agencies for effective implementation. \"A meeting has been convened on December 13. Additional municipal commissioner Hemant Pawar will hold the meeting and invite NGOs and government agencies to take up the works. Interested organizations and agencies recognized by Animal Welfare Board of India may participate in the meeting and express their wish to run the programme. NMC will bear the cost of the programme,\" he said.Mahalle added that the plan was prepared this time by taking lessons from the ABC programme implemented in the past. \"This time, NMC wants the agencies to execute all works, right from catching of dogs, sterilization, post operative care for five days and releasing the operated dogs in the same area. NMC will keep record of number of dogs covered under the ABC programme and pay the agency accordingly,\" he said.The NMC's ABC programme was in controversy since implementation. It was first started in August 2006 by appointing four agencies. The programme continued till 2010. A total of 55,100 dogs were operated under the programme. Then there was a gap and programme was restarted in early 2011. Only 43 dogs could be operate before the programme was suspended in April 2011.NMC estimates that there are around 80,000 stray dogs in the city. The population is on rise due to NMC's failure to run the programme in proper manner and on regular basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "dombivli", "code": "17484641", "title": "Victim's mom has cancer, lost hubby 18 months ago", "text": "Dombivli: Barely a year and half ago, the Vichivara family of Dombivli lost its head, Vinod. Late on Monday evening, Vinod's 19-year-old son, Santosh, who had gamely taken on the responsibility of being the family's sole bread-winner, was stabbed to death by five eve-teasers at the gate of the Navneet Nagar complex.Santosh's mother Vimala, 50, who is battling cancer, cannot believe her son is no more. \"I do not believe that someone killed my son as he never used to quarrel with anybody. The killers should get the maximum punishment. If they are released, such youths will repeat their crimes in future,\" said a tearful Vimala, who is a housewife.Tanveer, Santosh's younger sister, said: \"After my father's death, my elder brother was the only earning member in the family. He took on the entire family's responsibility and used to meet all our needs.\" Tanveer and Santosh's younger brother, Kartik , are still in school.After the incident, the Kutchi Jain Foundation has adopted the family. Trustee Deepak Bhai Bheda said: \"We are already bearing the cost of Santosh's mother's treatment. Now, since the family does not have any earning member, we have decided to bear their future household expenditure.\"Residents of the complex are in shock. \"We are upset as Santosh was very soft-spoken and always used to avoid trouble,\" said Manoj Borase. He and another resident, Chandrakant Maru, demanded more police vigilance, saying miscreants usually stand outside the complex and pass lewd comments at girls passing by.Santosh's neighbours also blamed the Kalyan-Dombivli transport authority for not sending buses up to their building. People usually have to walk as much as a kilometre to take a bus. Borase added that on Monday night, if the minor girl and Santosh did not have to walk 500m after being dropped by the private bus of a neighbouring society, Santosh would not have got into the argument and the incident would not have taken place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17485842", "title": "Sharmila part of Jaipur Literature Fest tribute to Sunil", "text": "KOLKATA: The Jaipur Literary Festival 2013 will pay tribute to Sunil Gangopadhyay with a special session titled 'Remembering Sunil Da'. Gangopadhyay had agreed to attend the event scheduled from January 24 to 28, but died after a heart attack on October 23.Actor Sharmila Tagore will read out from the author's work in original Bengali as well as English translation while eminent translators and litterateurs will pay homage to his enduring genius. A montage from JLF 2009 that Gangopadhyay last attended will also be screened.\"Sunil Gangopadhyay was undoubtedly one of the greatest Indian writers of the past century. While his body of work was a reflection of this greatness, those who were not familiar with his writings were overwhelmed by the outpour of grief from people who knew him and his work well. In Jaipur, we will provide an opportunity for the rest of India to pay a fitting tribute to the legendary Bengali litterateur,\" said JLF co-director Namita Gokhale.She hopes the book-reading session and discussion will extend the understanding of the depth and range of his works. \"Though a large number of his works have been translated, people are more aware of just 'First Light', 'Those Days' and 'Fakir'. A large number of readers from the rest of India and abroad are not acquainted with much of his works. We hope the session will enlighten them and allow a new generation of people to understand what he represented and what he wrote,\" said Gokhale.Over 17 Indian languages including Bengali, Bhojpuri, Gujarati, Hindi, Kannada, Kashmiri, Magadhi, Maithili, Malayalam, Marathi, Punjabi, Rajasthani, Sanskrit, Santhali, Sindhi, Tamil and Urdu will be featured in the multilingual sessions, making these books and writers accessible to Indian and international audiences.JLF will be a hotspot for dialogue and readings in South Asian literature. Writers from Pakistan, Bhutan, Nepal, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka will converge in the lawns of Diggi Palace. The names include Fahmida Riaz, MA Farooqui among others from Pakistan, Sonam Dorji and Kunzang Choden from Bhutan, Ani Choying from Nepal, Anisul Hoque from Bangladesh and Ranjini Obeyesekere and Ashok Ferry from Sri Lanka.\"Writing in the Indian languages is sparkling, vibrant, and rooted in the metaphor and idiom of our times. This time, the festival will emphasize readings and dialogue in over 17 Indian languages, foregrounding the joy and vitality of both tradition and contemporary interpretation,\" Gokhale said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17485756", "title": "Mentally challenged man sodomized, FIR lodged", "text": "JAIPUR: A man on Tuesday registered an FIR with the Ramganj police station alleging that his 20-year-old mentally challenged son was sodomized by two of his friends and was also blackmailed on the basis of some mobile clippings. The police have registered a case and launched investigation in the matter.According to the police, the two accused in the case, Vaseem and Najeer, both 20-year-old, were the victim's friends. The youth is a resident of Ramganj Area.\"He said that his mentally challenged son was taken to an abandoned house by Vaseem and Najeer, three months ago. The father said that the two friends sodomized him and made a video clip using a mobile phone,\" said a police officer. The officer added that the two accused kept exploiting him for three months by blackmailing him on the basis of video clips.\"We have registered an FIR under section 377 of IPC,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17484394", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation recovers Rs 1.82L fine for tax evasion", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has recovered a fine of Rs 1.82 lakh from five companies for tax evasion last week.The civic administration has caught them evading taxes and recovered the fine between November 23 and November 30. Officials had stopped a vehicle that was carrying electric equipment worth Rs 2 lakh entering the city without paying octroi. The flying squad of the octroi department of NMC intercepted a vehicle and slapped a fine of Rs 66,000.In another case, medicines worth Rs 2.55 lakh had been brought in the city without paying octroi. The flying squad took action against the firm and recovered a fine of Rs 56,177.A goods transport company also evaded octroi on spare parts of bicycles valued at Rs 71,000. The civic administration slapped a fine of Rs 23,718 on the firm.The fine of Rs 19,800 was also recovered from a transporter for evading octroi motor spare parts worth Rs 60,000. The civic administration also recovered a fine of Rs 16,500 from a cargo mover for evading octroi on spare parts worth Rs 50,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17484029", "title": "Cash reward for identifying accused? Who cares!", "text": "BHOPAL: The age old tool of police to ascertain information by declaring cash rewards on accused after reporting of any major crime does not seem to be working anymore in the state capital.The police records suggest that in the past three years it failed to find any informant in any of the over 60 cases in which cash rewards were declared. It includes cases like Shehla Masood murder case that was later taken over by the CBI.However, the additional director general of police, Vijay Yadav said people do turn up to give information. But it is not publicized keeping the safety of informers on mind.The issue is back in focus after the murder of MP central region power distribution company's cashier, Meera Ahuja at its Royal Market office on December 1.Ahuja was stabbed by an unidentified accused who later escaped with around Rs 2 lakh cash from the counter. The police have declared a cash reward of Rs 1 lakh for leads to the murderer.Similarly, the other infamous murder cases in which police failed to arrest the accused despite declaring cash rewards included murder of Dena Bank's AGM S Sundararajan, Anju Ahirwar and Asha Devi Tamrakar.The police had declared a cash reward of Rs 25,000 and 10,000 and 10,000 respectively in the three cases.Further, Mahendra Yadav, a city youth who was accused of murdering a college girl and grievously injuring two others by hitting them with a four-wheeler continues to be at large despite a cash reward of Rs 15,000 declared by the police on him.Bhopal police had also declared a cash reward after the murder of RTI activist Shehla Masood as well. The case was later cracked by the CBI.The power of declaring cash reward is vested on police superintendents to director general of police. The amount ranges from Rs 5,000 to 25,000 while reward above this money is announced with the consent of state government.The officials feel that declaring a cash reward on an accused is generally an exercise to send a message to public that police have launched a serious hunt for the accused.State's former director general of police, Dinesh Jugran pointed out that during his 13-year stint in different capacities in dacoit prone Chambal region alone, not even a single person turned up to give information of a dacoit for reward. \"Declaring reward is to motivate public and give a message that police is seriously looking out for the accused,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17484246", "title": "Get your fancy number deposit", "text": "KOCHI: While all other departments in the state find it hard to meet revenue targets, the regional transport office, Ernakulam, is set to start a unique campaign - to return Rs 12 lakh to vehicle owners.Unknown to many, participants in the auction for fancy registration numbers, except the winners, can claim the refund of Rs 3,000 they pay as deposit. As per the department data, 400 people have not collected the refund.So the motor vehicles department (MVD) in Kochi has decided to dedicate a day for disbursing the amount to these people. \"As many people have failed to claim the refund since January 2011, around Rs 12 lakh is pending with us. So we have decided to disburse the amount to claimants on December 12,\" Ernakulam RTO B J Antony said. \"We hope to communicate the same to all those who have deposited money with us through various media. They can come to the RTO office in Kakkanad for the same,\" he said. For claiming the deposit, applicants have to present themselves. They would be given a treasury bill for the amount. \"They can encash the bill in the treasury. But they can't authorise anybody else for the purpose,\" Antony said.According to MVD officials, the number of applicants for fancy numbers is on the rise. \"Earlier, there would be around 30 applicants. But last week, some 90 people applied for fancy numbers. It's an all-time high,'' Antony said.Ernakulam RT office tops others in the state in terms of registration of vehicles as well. The target revenue of Ernakulam, RT office is Rs 204 crore for the current fiscal. During previous years, the office had exceeded the target.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17485841", "title": "Son, brother arrested for murdering man", "text": "SURAT: A youth and his uncle were arrested on Monday for allegedly murdering the former's father in Sachin area of the city. Police arrested Rajesh Kevat (20) and his uncle Sangam Kevat (29) for allegedly murdering Krishan Kevat (45) on Sunday at Indira Nagar for thrashing his 14-year-old daughter. The accused were on the run after committing the crime, but were caught.Wife of the victim Sheela lodged the complaint against her son and brother-in-law at Sachin police station. She claimed that her husband Krishan used to thrash their daughter often. Krishna had removed the clothes of his daughter on Sunday and had tied her with a rope. He then started beating her up. Rajesh asked his father to stop, but Krishna shouted at him. Rajesh attacked his father and Krishan's younger brother Sangam also joined in.The accused hit Krishna with blunt wooden pieces, causing his death. Police have ruled out rape attempt by the victim. \"The complainant is claiming that her husband was thrashing the girl. There is no other reason behind the murder,\" police inspector, Sachin police station, D R Vadher said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi/noida", "code": "17486050", "title": "Plans aplenty, but most sink without trace", "text": "NEW DELHI/NOIDA: It's not that the planners are blind to the need for more bridges on the Yamuna, but a number of proposals made in recent years remain stuck in procedures.Take the heavily congested Kalindi Kunj Bridge, for instance. The Noida Authority proposed a parallel bridge two years ago but the project is still at the survey stage. Plans to build two bridges near the DND toll bridge and the GT Karnal Road are awaiting clearances at various levels. An east-west corridor proposed five years ago has been revised several times but its fate remains uncertain. Only one bridge - the Wazirabad Signature Bridge - is being built but has missed several deadlines .The new Kalindi Kunj bridge that could have reduced dependence on the DND toll road has been kept on the back burner. The agreement between Noida Toll Bridge Company Limited, which built the DND Flyway, and Noida Authority disallowed construction of a competing facility for 10 years. After the agreement expired in February last year, Noida Authority gave the goahead for a parallel bridge by selecting a consultant and fixing a budget. The plan was to use DND for Delhi-bound traffic and the new bridge for traffic towards Noida. Although the ground work for the project has started, the approval for construction remains pending.\"An initial amount of Rs 8 lakh was sanctioned for carrying out a detailed survey and hydraulic model studies for the bridge at Central Water &amp; Power Research Station, Pune. The firm was to also study the feasibility of the parallel bridge on the Yamuna,\" said an official from Noida. \"Factors pertaining to soil, river flow, water pressure, pillar strength etc are to be tested by the company to ascertain the design of the pillars and the width of the bridge,\" the official said. \"The CWPRS has raised certain objections and we are in the process of sorting them out. Plans for the bridge should be online within a few months,\" he said.Although the plan has been pending for nearly two years, officials say they are not in a position to fix a date for the official launch of the project. \"On the basis of the report received from CWPRS, a detailed project report will be prepared. After the technical design is approved and bids are invited, it should not take more than 18 months to complete the project,\" he added.The Wazirabad Signature Bridge is another story of delays. First proposed in 1997, it was originally slated to be completed before the Commonwealth Games. The government now hopes to finish the work by December 2013.Another project, called the east-west corridor, was conceived in 2007 and would have provided a high-speed link across the river. It is now planned as a Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) corridor. The project was to be ready ahead of the Commonwealth Games but was scrapped after the Delhi Urban Art Commission (DUAC) rejected it, citing a problem with the plan of an elevated corridor at Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Marg. The drawings have since been revised. About Rs 1 crore has been spent on the planning part, but there is no certainty of the corridor materializing as new objections have been raised regarding the route of the corridor .Two other bridges proposed by the Public Works Department (PWD) are still awaiting clearance. While a bridge parallel to the DND Bridge has been proposed for the third phase of the Barapullah project, another will connect the Loni border Tpoint to GT Karnal Road. The latter is yet to get in-principle approval. Preliminary drawings have been submitted to UTTIPEC for clearance of the Barapullah plan while a study is being conducted for feasibility of a bridge near GT Karnal Road.Pontoon quick fixOfficials of the Public Works Department (PWD), which builds pontoon bridges in Delhi, say such bridges are a feasible alternative. A pontoon bridge can be built quickly at a modest cost, usually around Rs 2 crore. While the bridge itself can be quickly assembled, it can take up to two months to build the approach roads. Offi cials say the tendering process is the biggest bottleneckPontoon bridges are usually built where the river is narrow, and offi cials say the points where pontoon bridges were built earlier can be restoredPontoon bridges were made near Bhairon Road and the approach road ran parallel to the railway track up to the ITO chungi. However, construction of the Yamuna Bank Metro station has disturbed the approach road. But traces of the pontoon bridge approach road between the sites of Mayur Vihar-1 and Barapullah Bridge still exist, say officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17484194", "title": "Opposition attacks govt over distress sale of paddy", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The opposition Congress and the BJP on Tuesday came down heavily on the BJD government for allegedly forcing farmers to resort to distress sale of paddy in the state. They demanded that the government take immediate steps to resolve the crisis, open more marketing yards and pay bonus to farmers at Rs 300 per quintal of paddy on minimum support price (MSP).The parties made these demands during a special discussion in the assembly over the issue after Speaker PK Amat agreed for a discussion breaking the deadlock continuing over the last five days. The Congress members later staged a walkout expressing displeasure over the reply of food supplies and consumer welfare minister PK Deb over the issue.Participating in the debate, Congress chief whip Prasad Harichandan said the present paddy procurement process has triggered resentment among farmers from beginning of procurement season. The farmers are forced to sell their produce at low price due to nexus between government officials and millers, he alleged.In a fresh instance, district collector of Nuapada on Monday seized over 5,000 quintal of paddy from a miller, Harichandan said to drive his point home. He said paddy procurement is yet to start in 17 of 30 districts.Leader of opposition Bhupinder Singh said it seems the government is running at the mercy of millers. He said farmers had to wait for days to sell their produce and finally sold them at low price. The procurement committees at district and state levels do not function properly, he alleged.Deb in his reply blamed the Centre for turning down repeated requests of the state government to hike the minimum support price on purchase of paddy to Rs 1,400 per quintal.The minister asserted that the government is taking all possible steps to ensure that farmers get the minimum support price.Besides, the government is taking steps to check irregularities during procurement process and has already booked 46 cases against millers. Action has been initiated in 27 cases so far, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17485495", "title": "Corpns to 'pay' students after failing to give free notebooks", "text": "NEW DELHI: This year, 9.5 lakh students studying in municipal schools have to do without notebooks. Due to procedural delays, the three civic agencies have not procured notebooks, which are given free of cost to the students. With less than four months left for the academic session to end, officials say they will not be able to provide the notebooks.To make up for the loss and silence the opposition, Congress - the ruling BJP has decided to give cash to students. But it is yet to decide on the amount.\"What kind of education are we providing to students when they don't have notebooks to take down notes? The corporation has been sitting on this for long and now towards the end of the session they are trying to salvage the situation,'' said Farhad Suri, leader of the opposition, South corporation, who insisted that students should be paid for buying notebooks.Agreeing to the Congress' demand, the standing committee of South corporation decided to pay the students. \"The amount has not been fixed so far. The tenders for notebook were done post-trifurcation, but a final decision is yet to be taken,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17485277", "title": "Milkman gets Rs 15L damages", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 24-year-old milkman who lost his left leg in an accident involving a rashly driven car, has been awarded a compensation of Rs 15.33 lakh by a Motor Accident Claims Tribunal (MACT) here. MACT presiding officer Dinesh Bhatt directed New India Assurance Company Limited, with which the offending vehicle was insured, to recompense north Delhi resident Yashpal. \"The insurance company shall pay the compensation of Rs 15,33,872 within one month to the petitioner,\" the tribunal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17485619", "title": "Gurgaon roads get a new lease of life", "text": "GURGAON: Until last year, driving in the city used to be a nightmarish experience, owing to the poor condition of the roads. Now, things have improved and most interior roads in the city are not only pothole-free but also wider than before.A major part of the credit for this goes to Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) administrator Praveen Kumar, as these developments started taking place only after he assumed office last year.Apart from the road conditions having improved, according to HUDA sources, the two major roads in the city - MG Road and Sohna Road - will don a new look in the next three months.Kumar said an amount of Rs 21 crore has been deposited with the Public Works Department (PWD) for the work on MG Road, which will begin soon. Likewise, Sohna Road will be developed at a cost of Rs 46 crore. The deadlines for both the roads are around three months away, he added.Commuters too are happy with the visible changes. \"It was next to impossible to drive in the city during monsoon, when even all the semblance of roads would vanish, be it the Golf Course Road, MG Road or any other city road, said Jitender Singh, a resident of Old Gurgaon.Kumar has also paid heed to the suggestions of the traffic police which have been constantly pursuing the department for removal of roundabouts, which were not more than relics of the past, and was also creating bottlenecks. Roundabouts were removed from the Golf Course crossing, HUDA City Centre and the Bakhtawar Chowk.Besides, slips roads were lacking on all major roads. Now, slip roads can be seen at IFFCO Chowk, Signature Tower, Bakhtawar Chowk and on many interior city roads.A major road linking the Golf Course Road to the Dronacharya Metro station was not only dilapidated but also used to remain in the dark all the time. Now, the road is not only well-lit but also is in good condition.Kumar said the department was also working on improving signage on city roads. He estimated that around Rs 200-250 crore have been spent on improving road conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17484856", "title": "Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd chairman faces cheque bounce slur", "text": "HYDERABAD: PVP Capital Limited, a Chennai-based non-banking financial company (NBFC), has filed a cheque bounce case in the third additional chief metropolitan magistrate court in Hyderabad seeking action against T Venkatram Reddy, chairman of Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd (DCHL), for failing to repay the loan amount he took from them and for giving them a cheque with insufficient funds that eventually bounced.In its petition, PVP said Venkatram Reddy's M/s Flyington Freighters Pvt Ltd approached them for a Rs 20 crore short term loan for 90 days in July 2012 and all the three promoters of the company, Venkatram Reddy, Vinayak Ravi Reddy and P K Iyer stood as guarantors to the loan. A facility agreement too was entered into between Flyington and PVP Capital on July 25, 2012, to this effect.Both Flyington and its three promoters issued post dated cheques to PVP towards repayment of principle and interest and executed demand promissory notes promising to pay the outstanding sum to PVP, the petition said.Following this, a sum of Rs 5 crore was given as first part of the loan on July 25 and the tenure of the loan period was to end on October 23, 2012. But the company failed to repay the loan before the due date. When we presented the cheque dated October 23 given to us by the accused, the Banjara Hills branch of ICICI Bank returned the cheque on October 29 stating that there are no sufficient funds in the account, PVP said.\"When we brought it to the notice of the accused, he (Venkatram Reddy) expressed his inability to pay the said amount,\" Dhiraj Kumar Sinha, the authorized representative of PVP Capital said in the petition. Even a legal notice yielded no results, and hence this complaint under section 138 of the Negotiable Instruments Act, he said.He urged the court to take cognizance of the complaint, summon the accused, try and punish them in accordance with law apart from imposing a double penalty on them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17485096", "title": "Passengers detain trains for water", "text": "NAGPUR: Railway passengers were the worst affected by the water shut down by the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) on Tuesday. Passengers detained at least four trains after Central Railway officials expressed inability to supply water.The NMC has announced a two-day shut down to execute water works in the city. Despite intimation well in advance, the Central Railway failed to make alternative arrangement.When the Puri-Gandhidham Express arrived at 3.20pm on platform number 3, passengers resorted to chain pulling and stopped the train at least 10 times for water. None of the train coaches had water. The railways officials some how pacified the passengers that water will be supplied at Badnera.Similar was the situation in Howrah-Mumbai Mail, Howrah-Pune Azad Hind Express and Howrah-Kurla Shalimar Express. Passengers delayed all these trains for water.However, the Central Railway washed its hands off. PRO PD Patil said not all trains were detained for water. \"As the Puri-Gandhidham was detained, trains following it were delayed,\" he said.On water supply to trains, Patil said the detained trains are not scheduled for water filling at Nagpur. \"We had directed staff at Badnera, Ballarshah and Itarsi to take care of water in the coaches,\" he stressed.The NMC in a release has informed that there will be no water supply on Wednesday too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17484082", "title": "Pay Rs 1 lakh for schoolgirl's death: Odisha Human Rights Commission", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha Human Rights Commission has asked the state government to pay Rs 1 lakh compensation to the parents of a student, who had died after school gate crashed on her. \"The government should identify the individuals responsible for the mishap. He may be the contractor or the school headmaster and the money should be recovered from them,\" said Chitta Ranjan Mohapatra, OHRC registrar.The incident took place on July 6, 2011 when Swarnalata Rout, a Class V student of Saika Primary School, in Jajpur's Kurdala GP, died on the spot after a heavy iron rod of the school fell on her. The commission has made the state government accountable for the girl's 'untimely' death.Petitioner and human rights lawyer Prabir Das, who came to know about the incident from a newspaper, said \"The poor girl had to pay the price for someone's negligence. The school gate was in a very bad shape and was on the verge of collapse.\" Das had visited the school and suo motto filed a petition with the commission last year.In another case, the OHRC directed the home department to pay compensation of Rs one lakh to the family of a woman who was allegedly killed by her neighbour in May. Dhanua Hansda had murdered Bharati Hansda of Dhenkanal's Kamakhyanagar accusing her of practising witchcraft on his brother and his subsequent death.Principal secretary of the home department has been asked inform the OHRC about the steps taken regarding payment of compensation to the victims within four weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17485274", "title": "Trigger-happy criminals on prowl", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The city is fast emerging as a battleground for interstate criminals, who are using illegal firearms with nonchalance.On Monday night, Jaspreet Singh aka Jassa -- one of the prime accused wanted in the sensational murder of Malkit Singh Keetu, a former Akali Dal MLA from Barnala -- along with two hardened criminals of Punjab were involved in cross-firing at the sectors 22-23 light point, sources said.The incident took place three months after exchange of gunshots between a group of interstate criminals and Punjab policemen in Sector 34.Police have also recovered two illegal revolvers from four members of Jassa rival group, on who Jassa and his aids, had opened fire.The two rival groups who were in different cars were involved in a gun battle here on Monday night, with Jassa and his aides firing first.The four members of the group opposed to Jassa including Taranjeet Singh Duggal, a local political leader from Barnala, Gurpreet Singh, Satwant Singh and Mandeep Singh , were remanded to police custody for two days on Tuesday.Preliminary investigation reveals Jassa, who is a nephew of the murdered Keetu, had been staying in Chandigarh along with his two associates, Rashpal and Arshdeep Singh, for the last one month. Rashpal and Arshdeep were involved in over a dozen cases of robberies, attempt to murder and extortion across Punjab. Jassa had also robbed a car and Rs 4 lakh from Satwant Singh in Barnala on October 23.DSP (central) Ashish Kapoor said Barnala police have been informed about the involvement of Jassa in the cross-firing in Chandigarh and a team has been dispatched to Punjab in his search.It has been found that the licence of two recovered revolvers had expired, DSP Kapoor added.On November 13, Suresh Saini of Karnal, who was wanted in five robbery cases by Haryana police, was caught in Sector 21 after a long chase by Haryana policemen. Accused Saini had been taking shelter in Sector 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17486463", "title": "Soon, you can track KSRTC buses online", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) is set to install global positioning systems (GPS) and passenger information systems (PIS) in all its buses so that passengers can track and find the location of a running bus at any given point of time.\"The project will be implemented by the end of 2013 and corporation would be fully computerized by 2015. Forty-seven companies have responded to our call for expression of interest (EoI) for the GPS-PIS system. The Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (C-DAC), Thiruvananthapuram, has agreed to provide consultancy service and assistance in tender procedures as well as ensuring quality of the GPS-PIS system. A formal agreement with them will be signed in a few days,\" said a senior KSRTC officer.Like the railways, the KSRTC also plans to install monitors at bus stations, which would provide the location of moving buses, their speed, details of buses running late, expected time of their arrival at a particular station, etc.At the same time, sitting in the control room, the corporation can monitor the real-time information on ticket sales, fleet monitoring, rush in a particular route and bus, real-time information on vehicle fuel management, bunching of buses, etc. Also, the board can have two-way communication with bus driver apart from tracking the driver habit and his driving skills.The GPS will be installed in a phased manner and support infrastructure will be set up at all 87 KSRTC depots. A central control room will monitor the system from Thiruvananthapuram.According to the officer, the EoI projects the system as a revenue-earning model (cost of equipment, installation, implementation and maintenance shall be undertaken by the vendor, who will be allowed to collect and publish commercial advertisements inside the bus and at depot premises) or in the normal purchase basis.\"All the 47 firms that have responded have the required technical, professional, financial and organizational capability. A scrutiny will be made at the earliest and the corporation chairman and managing director will decide on one firm as per the norms,\" officer said.With the introduction of another futuristic project, electronic ticket machines (ETMs), which can give information about vacant seats in a running bus, the KSRTC is all set to provide hassle-free journey to the passengers, claimed the officer.As per the ETM facility, if a person takes a ticket, that information will be instantly sent to our central server from the ETM and we will come to know about the fare, stage, time, etc, immediately. If the bus has any vacant seat, it will be shown on our website that already has the option to purchase tickets online.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17484581", "title": "Few criminal cases reach trial stage", "text": "MUMBAI: Calling on the police to augment their investigative prowess, the NGO Praja Foundation has said in a white paper that only 45% of serious offences registered last year went to trial. Worse, conviction was secured in only 10% of these. Praja, which compiled the data over four years through RTI applications, said the police's law and order wing and the investigative wing must be segregated for a stronger conviction rate.\"Of 71,425 offences recorded in 2011, investigation was completed in only 45% of the cases. Of these, 31% remain undetected,\" said Nitai Mehta, managing trustee, Praja. \"If we look only at serious offences registered last year (12,762 cases), 49% are pending investigation. The quality of investigation is getting affected as there is a severe shortage of sanctioned police strength; the existing workforce is severely overburdened.\"Praja members said they met home minister RR Patil two years ago to push for increasing police manpower, but not much was done. \"We had even carried out a signature campaign, in which over 17,000 citizens were involved,\" said Mehta. Investigation is usually conducted by a police officer of sub-inspector rank. At present, there is a gap of 60% between sanctioned and actual strength of sub-inspectors. There is also a shortage of 145 personnel at the police control room, which is the first place a citizen in distress calls.\"There are simple remedial measures that do not even require legislative intervention. The police commissioner or the home minister of the state has the power to introduce some much-needed changes in the policing policy of the city,\" said Mehta.Among the measures suggested by Praja are upgrading archaic police acts, filling up gaps in sanctioned and available police strength, and separating detection teams from those involved in nakabandi and bandobast duty as is the case with security agencies abroad. Mehta said, \"Creating and strengthening infrastructure, including forensic labs, crime mapping techniques, crime forecasting and continuous training for the force, is also required. There might also be certain lacunae in laws that are affecting conviction rates, but the state could start with simple changes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "belgaum/bangalore", "code": "17486349", "title": "Congress mulls no-trust vote", "text": "BELGAUM/BANGALORE: The Congress is still debating whether to move a no-confidence motion against the Shettar government in the legislature session commencing from Wednesday.According to party sources , the Congress high command is not in favour of it. In the event of the motion being carried through (though the party does not have the numbers to bring down the Shettar government), the Congress will be dubbed as the party which brought down a government headed by a Lingayat. The community constitutes 17% of the total population and is the deciding factor in nearly 120 of the total 224 assembly seats.The no-confidence motion is being considered on the grounds that Shettar has lost the moral right to be in power , though technically, the numbers may be on his side. At least 10 ministers have identified with former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa and there is a conflict of interest on their continuing in the government.A decision on whether to move the motion or not will be taken at the Congress legislature party meeting to be held at 9am on Wednesday. According to rule 167 of the Rules of Procedures and Conduct of Business in Karnataka legislative assembly, a noconfidence motion against the council of ministers can be taken up within a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17486877", "title": "Pinocchio effect: Hot nose the sure sign of a liar?", "text": "LONDON: Telling lies may not make your nose grow like Pinocchio's , but it does leave the tip of your nose hotter, scientists claim.Researchers said a rise in anxiety produced by lying will increase the temperature of the tip of your nose.If you're worried that your fib will be uncovered, researchers suggest a way of cooling the nose down \u00e2\u20ac\u201d making \"a great mental effort\" .Scientists, from the University of Granada, discovered the phenomenon by using thermal imaging cameras to monitor volunteers, the 'Daily Mail' reported.They have dubbed it \"The Pinocchio Effect\" , in honour of the 19th century Italian tale of the wooden puppet whose nose grew when he failed to tell the truth.Emilio Gomez Milan and Elvira Salazar Lopez suggest that the temperature of the nose increases or decreases according to mood, as does the orbital muscle area in the inner corner of the eyes.They also said thermal imaging can detect sexual desire and arousal in men and women, indicated by an increase in temperature in the chest and genital areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17483972", "title": "Role of domestic help under scanner", "text": "INDORE: The role of domestic help of the senior citizens who were done to death at Lasudia, is under scanner, said the SwP OP Tripathi as he is missing since the incident took place.As per the police official, Varsha Thakkar had hired the boy for domestic help from Gujarat about four days ago.\"Keyton even does not know the name of his domestic help,\" said the SP adding that he had gone to Damoh a couple of days ago. Today when he returned, he found the help working in his house in the morning.The SP said prima facie, he is the accused who might have killed the elderly couple with the intention of loot.However, it would be confirmed only after proper investigation.On Tuesday evening, police announced a reward of Rs 15,000 for giving information and vital clues that could help cops reach the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17483839", "title": "Cops missive to banks to stop ATM heist", "text": "BOKARO: Taking precautionary steps to safeguard ATMs across the district in the wake of recent attempts to steal cash from the kiosks, police have issued several instructions to private and public sector banks here.Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi said as part of the precautionary measures, police instructed bank officials to provide cellphones to the ATM guard so that he would be able to inform them in case of a heist. \"The CCTV cameras installed at ATM kiosks will be placed at a point from where the activities in front area will be clearly recorded. The camera should be able to keep strict vigil on every person coming to the ATM counter,\" he said.However to enhance security at ATMs during night and day, the banks have also been asked to keep a register at every kiosk. The police patrolling party will visit the ATM kiosks at regular intervals and will write the status of the guard in the register.\"The remark by policemen will keep tabs on guards and also confirm that the patrolling party had visited the ATM counters,\" said Dwivedi.There are more than 94 ATMs of different private and public banks across the district of which maximum 70 ATM kiosks are of the SBI. The SBI has also installed two cash accepting machines in market areas of Chas and Bokaro where residents could deposit cash anytime, said sources.Last month, unidentified criminals had triggered three incidents damaging ATM machines in their bid to steal cash from them. In two of these incidents, they thrashed ATM guards before entering inside the kiosks. The incidents have alerted police and bank officials. No one has been arrested so far.In one these incidents held at SBI ATM at Telgadia Moad under Chas Muffasil police station area, police could not nab a criminal even after they reached the spot when he was breaking the ATM machine. The lone criminal fled after thrashing a police officer in front of the patrolling party. Earlier the miscreants had targeted an ATM of ICICI Bank in Telgadia and an SBI ATM in Balidih on November 3 and 4. However, they failed to take out cash in any of the incidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17484302", "title": "Confusion over Right To Education clouds school admissions", "text": "Mumbai: Characteristic of the absolute chaos education in Maharashtra has witnessed over the last few years, the state education department is yet to define its policy on school admissions. While the directorate of education promised to issue a common admission schedule for all schools in the state in the next 10 days, education department officials have differing views on when admissions will start. Anil Kale, state project director, Maharashtra Prathmik Shikshan Parishad, said the common admission schedule will tentatively start in January, but Sridhar Salunkhe, the state's director of school education put the date at April. When TOI spoke to Kale again, he dismissed the January date, only committing to an 'official notice' by December.The junior college admission muddle a not-too-distant memory, parents, students and schools are an agonized lot. Schools, especially unaided-minority institutes, are still confused about the amendment to the Right To Education reservation clause during admissions. The August 2012 amendment was approved by the President on June 19, but more than four months later, the state government is yet to notify schools of the same. Instead, it asked all schools to halt the admission process till it comes up with a new admission schedule and issues a notification on the RTE provisions.\"The official notice on this new rule will be out by end of December and schools will have to follow the schedule provided by the state government,\" Kale said. Asked if non-state board schools too will have to comply with the schedule, he said, \"All schools, irrespective of their affiliation, will have to follow this same schedule. Action will be taken against schools that conduct admissions at their own convenience.\" He added the process will tentatively start in January, when application forms are likely to be issued. But Salunkhe said, \"We never asked schools to start admissions so many months in advance. They'll have to figure out a way to start admissions in April 2013 itself or face the music. We will inform schools of the correct method to conduct admissions to the 25% seats, which they have keep aside to admit children from the economically/socially backward classes.\" However, Kale clarified neither the common admission schedule, nor the RTE, will apply to standalone pre-schools with classes only up to senior kindergarten.\"The decision to change the admission policy came some days ago and we are already in the process of sending notices to the district education directors, who in turn will send this to schools. As of now we haven't included unaided-minority schools under this rule because we are waiting for clarity on the new amendment from the Centre,\" Salunkhe added.\"Usually, ICSE schools start their academic session in March and April. Since unaided-minority schools are still not part of the new rule, we will start our admission process in mid-December,\" said Carl Laurie, principal of Christ Church School, Byculla. Some schools, however, have already started admitting siblings and children of ex-students under various quotas and are waiting for a notice from the government before deciding on the admission process.\"This is an absolutely ridiculous diktat. Schools as well as parents will be hassled with admissions in April,\" said Rohan Bhat, chairperson of the Children's Academy group of schools, adding, \"Why does the education department want such last-minute stress and confusion around admissions?\" Educationists too questioned the 'last minute' approach of the government, especially since RTE has been in discussion for almost three years now. \"How can the government release a rule so late, especially when they know that several schools start admissions by November every year. Amidst all this confusion and discussions, parents and students will suffer the most,\" said Jayant Jain, president of Forum for Fairness in Education. But he said schools too have to be blamed for starting admissions before clearing the confusion with the government.Education officials in the city were as surprised with the new rule. \"We are waiting to hear from the Centre to get clarity about the new amendment to the RTE reservation clause and till then, we can't release an official notice to schools. This confusion will clear out soon,\" said another senior education official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17485180", "title": "Purohit challenges coal block allocation to private players", "text": "NAGPUR: Former MP and BJP leader Banwarilal Purohit has, in a petition filed in the Supreme Court, challenged the whole process of coal block allocation to private companies since 1993 and sought cancellation of all the leases. Purohit has contended that these transactions have no legal standing.The PIL, which was admitted on Monday by the apex court, questions the very basis of the policy. It has argued that the Union government had no powers to override the provisions of Coal Bearing Areas Act and allot virgin coal blocks to private companies. Thus, legality of all allotments made after 1993 on the basis of amendments made to Coal Mines Nationalisation Act has been challenged.The petition claimed that all coal blocks allotted to private players after the 1993 amendment to Coal Mines Nationalisation Act have to be cancelled, since the allotment process by the Centre, acquisition of coal bearing areas by resorting to Land Acquisition Act and granting of lease for mining purposes by state governments for private parties is legally impermissible and patently illegal.A division bench of Apex Court, consisting of Justice R M Lodha and Justice A R Dave, after hearing the matter on Monday, issued a notice to Union of India and clubbed the case for hearing with some other PILs pending before the court.Senior counsel K H Deshpande pointed out that the petition has raised the legal issue over which there is no judicial pronouncement so far. The Supreme Court has already admitted some PILs challenging coal block allotment without auction and in an arbitrary manner, but the instant petition has questioned all allotments to private players, ignoring the self-explanatory legal provision of Coal Bearing Areas Act, 1957, which is earlier in time and is a special statute for coal area acquisition and allotment of blocks with a specific rider that it can be granted to only government owned companies, he stated.According to the petitioner, as per the Coal Bearing Areas Act, 1957, Central Government alone was empowered and duty-bound to acquire coal bearing areas. Without amendment to the said Act, the entry of private sector in coal bearing areas by amending the Coal Mines Nationalisation Act, would be illegal and in contravention of Coal Bearing Areas Act, the petitioner has said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17484350", "title": "NMC likely to save 3 JNNURM projects worth Rs520 cr", "text": "NAGPUR: The civic body is hopeful of salvaging at least three projects worth Rs520 crore and get them approved under the central government's Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane has given a presentation to the centre and assured to complete all projects by December 2013, the final deadline.The government launched JNNURM in December 2005 and set the deadline of the scheme as March 31, 2012. Under the scheme, the government approved 19 big projects for the city, 15 in 2006-07, and remaining four in 2009. The approved cost of the projects was Rs1,581.23 crore.NMC completed seven projects, including pilot project of 24X7 water supply, which is yet to be totally completed. After reviewing all projects, the centre declared 20 projects as slow moving projects throughout the country, including NMC's three projects; 24X7 water supply project, sewage treatment plants and Maskasath railway overbridge (ROB).Sources told TOI that the centre was to review and decide the fate of each slow-moving project. \"There were chances of the projects being cancelled if the centre finds unsatisfactory pace of work. NMC was in a fix as all three projects were in very initial stages. The work on two of the three projects is yet to start properly. However, NMC is confident of completing the projects by December 2013 to save approved funds of Rs520 crore,\" sources said.The ministry held a review of slow moving projects on Thursday at New Delhi. Wardhane gave a presentation of all three projects and vowed to complete them within final deadline. Confirming the meeting, Wardhane told TOI that he was very optimistic of getting a green signal from the government. \"We are likely to salvage all projects approved under JNNURM.\"A senior NMC official told TOI that the pace of 24X7 project has been increased and is also being monitored on regular basis. \"Work of sewage treatment plant too has started. The Maskasath ROB too is likely to be cleared of all hurdles. Drawings of RBO submitted to VNIT are likely to be approved. Then the drawings will be submitted to Indian Railway for final approval. The work will start after getting the railway's nod. Maskasath ROB is very important for Central Nagpur,\" he said.NMC got approval of sewage water treatment plant and Maskasath ROB in 2006-07, and 24X7 water project in 2009. NMC failed to start work on ROB due to hurdles in various clearances. But the other two projects were delayed due to execution planned under PPP model. Unfortunately, the private operators failed to maintain satisfactory pace of work. The two projects are very crucial for the city as NMC may never execute such large scale works on its own.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17486398", "title": "Won't remove Shivaji Park edifice, Sena MP tells BMC", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after getting a notice from BMC chief Sitaram Kunte, Rajya Sabha MP Sanjay Raut openly defied him, saying the structure erected at Shivaji Park for Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's funeral would not be removed.Kunte had issued a notice to Mayor Sunil Prabhu and Raut on Monday, asking them to remove the temporary structure within 24 hours. On Tuesday, Raut said the structure would not be removed to protect the sanctity of the space.While withdrawing its plan for a grand Bal Thackeray memorial at Shivaji Park , the Sena is set to flex its muscles to claim the edifice where the Sena chief was cremated on November 18.The party has reportedly made it clear to the ruling Democratic Front government that it will not give up its claim on the edifice, now known in Sena lexicon as 'samadhi sthal' .Sena corporators skip homage meetA t a time the Shiv Sena is fighting for a memorial for Bal Thackeray, its corporators did not even bother to ensure a quorum at a civic education panel meet on November 29 which was held to pay homage to the party chief. With seven corporators failing to turn up, the meeting could not be held. All seven have been issued showcause notices.'Razing Thackeray site will demoralize Sainiks'BMC chief Sitaram Kunte, in his notice to mayor Sunil Prabhu and Shiv Sena MP Sanjay Raut, had said that permission was given to use only 100 sq mt in Shivaji Park for Bal Thackeray's funeral and the validity of the permission was for a day. The notice says permission was given under Section 440 of the BMC Act as inconvenience could be caused to people attending the funeral. Another condition was that the Sena should clean and vacate the ground later.Responding to the notice, Prabhu said the samadhi space was precious to Sainiks. \"The structure was constructed to keep the sanctity of that area intact. Senior Sena leaders are in talks with the government to see how the holiness of the area can be protected even in the future,\" Prabhu said, adding that Thackeray was a great leader and people still wanted to pay homage to him and visit the temporary stage.\"Dismantling the edifice would send a wrong signal to the party rank and file,\" said a key Sena functionary. \"Sainiks will think that the party leadership has buckled under government pressure on a sensitive issue. This will demoralize partymen at a time when the Sena is passing through a critical phase.\"Reacting to the temporary edifice being called illegal in the notice, Prabhu said, \"There are lakhs of illegal structures constructed in the city. The BMC chief should act on them first.\"Sada Sarvankar, Sena leader in Mumbai north-central, said, \"The edifice attracts a stream of Sainiks and Balasaheb's admirers ...\" The cement structure is bedecked with flowers and bhajans and hymns are sung through the day. \"Dalits have been pouring into Shivaji Park for the December 6 congregation (on the occasion of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar's death anniversary). After visiting Chaityabhoomi, they visit Balasaheb's samadhi as well,\" Sarvankar added.Former mayor Milind Vaidya said every Sainik was keen that Thackeray's samadhi remained intact. \"It's a question of our sentiments. We are willing to suffer lathi blows from policemen if they try to pull down the Samadhi . However, the issue has legal implications as well,\" he said.Sena spokesperson Vinayak Raut said any discussion with the state on the temporary stage would happen after Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray, who is touring the state, is back in Mumbai. He is expected to return on December 16. Uddhav has reportedly short-listed several sites, including at BKC and the mayor's residence, for a grand Thackeray memorial. \"Uddhavsaheb is busy talking to architects and designers . He will make a formal announcement once the site is finalized,\" said a party leader.Interestingly, the Sena leadership has been talking in two voices to confuse the ruling DF, say political observers. While Uddhav has been saying there is no need for a row over a memorial, Raut continues with his political rhetoric. In a Samna editorial Raut slammed Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee chief Manikrao Thakre for opposing the memorial. \"The Congress has built memorial after memorial in New Delhi for almost every member of the Gandhi-Nehru family. Thakre should stop giving us lessons on political propriety,\" said Raut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17486645", "title": "Civil engineer officiating as health officer of Gaya Municipal Corporation", "text": "GAYA: Brazen but true, Rama Raman Singh, a civil engineer by training, is the health officer of Gaya Municipal Corporation (GMC). As per norms, the health officer has to be a medical graduate as the health officer's job profile requires effective measures for public health maintenance including eradication of malaria, filaria and regular health check-up and basic treatment of corporation employees and their family members.Asked how the civil engineer has been deputed as the health officer, municipal commissioner D Chaudhary said there was nothing wrong with it as the main job of the health officer of the municipal corporation was the maintenance of cleanliness in the town and you need not be a medical graduate to keep the town clean. Moreover, Singh is not the regular health officer and has only been officiating for quite sometime.This is not for the first time that an engineer has been deputed as the health officer of the civic body. A few years back water board engineer Ashok Singh was made the health officer provoking TV actor Shekhar Suman dedicating one episode of his popular programme 'Movers and shakers' to the GMC. Shekhar wondered if the engineer 'measured' temperature with a tape and prescribed 'sand, cement, brick and steel' to cure ailments.According to municipal corporator Khatib Ahmad, the issue of engineer officiating as the health officer was raised at the last meeting of the corporation but the corporators were told that little can be done in the matter on account of shortage of doctors in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17486477", "title": "Keep Modi out: US lawmakers to Hillary Clinton", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17488824", "title": "'Talaash' not a universal film: Aamir Khan", "text": "Bollywood star Aamir Khan knows his latest release \"Talaash\" does not cater to a universal audience, but he is glad with the response it has received.\" Talaash is not a universal film. There is a supernatural element in this film and it was a risky film to make. Around 80 to 90 per cent of the audience liked the film,\" Aamir told reporters Tuesday.He says his next release Dhoom 3 is a universal project.\"Even kids will like that film. But Talaash has got a different audience,\" said Aamir.\"But I am glad that the film has opened so well and is doing good business at the box office. What made me really happy was that the emotion that I went through while shooting for the film, even the audience went through the same emotion while watching it,\" he added.Aamir, who plays a police officer in the movie, says Talaash has a repeat value.\"I don't think that a suspense drama does not have any repeat value. In fact, the audience is liking the film more when they are watching it for the second or third time. The film has not got 100 percent positive response as many people may not like the supernatural films, but Talaash has repeat value,\" he said.Aamir feels the movie will inspire filmmakers to push their creative boundaries.\"I am happy that the audience is liking this films. It is a very difficult film to make. When such film work at the box office, it pushes the boundaries for the creative people to explore their talent,\" he said.He says the team behind Talaash is not planning a sequel as of now.Directed by Reema Kagti and penned by Zoya Akhtar, Talaash also features Rani Mukerji and Kareena Kapoor.Listen to Talaash songs on Gaana.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17488797", "title": "IT company Mindlogicx to hire 1,000 in 2013", "text": "BANGALORE: Mindlogicx, a tech product development company in the higher education space, announced it will be hiring 1,000 people over the next 6-12 months as part of its expansion plans that will see the company establish a national presence.The company, which has 10 Indian Universities as its customers and a student base of one million, is targeting to double to two million students over the next 12 months, it said in a statement.The city-headquartered company currently has employee strength of over 400 people working out of the company's 1.5 lakh square feet facility here.The hiring will be both from campuses and outside and will include software programmers, technology and network support engineers and semi-skilled people, it was stated.The company has thus far invested Rs 20 crore in R&D; of its exam automation suite of products called IntelliEXAMS which, it said, has helped automate the examination process across 1,000 examination centres.Suresh Elangovan, Founder CEO, Mindlogicx, said, \"As part of the growth plan, we are looking to establish and expand our presence into Maharashtra and Gujarat as well as into Northern India, in addition to strengthening our existing presence in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu\".In September this year, Mindlogicx made its foray into Gujarat with a Rs 72 crore deal with Saurashtra University. Last month, it won a multi-crore technology deal with Ambedkar University, Agra in Uttar Pradesh.Mindlogicx has implemented its exam automation solutions at Chattisgarh Swami Vivekananda Technological University, Anna University Coimbatore, Bangalore University and Nagaland University, among others.Mindlogicx is currently in a merger process with Hyderabad-based BSE listed IT Training firm SQL Star International Ltd . As per the swap ratio proposed for the merger,shareholders of Mindlogicx will get 1.25 equity shares of SQL Star for each share held in Mindlogicx.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17484157", "title": "Dancing duo eyes global glory after reality win", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Basking in glory after winning a national reality show, city-based M Sumanth and his dance partner from West Bengal Sonali now aim at making it big on foreign shores. The duo, who were given a rousing reception on their arrival here on Tuesday, said they want to participate in international Salsa championships abroad.\"It is our wish to showcase our talent in Salsa competitions held in foreign countries. We have started rigorous practice for that,\" said Sumanth, Class IX student of Kendriya Vidyalaya-III. \"I still have to learn many more steps of Salsa. I will fly back to Kolkata for further training,\" he said.Kolkata-based Bivash Academy of Dance, which honed salsa, hip-hop and semi-contemporary dancing skills of the duo, said it would make a film on them. \"The duo has made us proud. We will definitely do a film on them,\" said a choreographer of the academy.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik was all praise for Sumanth and Sonali, who met the CM at the secretariat in the evening. \"Sumanth and Sonali are brilliant dancers. I am happy that Sumanth is from Odisha,\" Naveen said after felicitating them. Earlier, the chief minister had sent congratulatory message to Sumanth after he won the title.Sumanth and Sonali were taken out on a colourful procession, organised by East Coast Railway Engineers' Association (ECoREA). The beaming dancing stars waved at passers-by, who greeted them with flowers and bouquets for their success. \"We are thankful to God and fans of Sumanth for their blessing. His hard work won him the crown,\" said Bobin Mohanty, general secretary of ECoREA. East Coast Railway general manager Indra Ghosh felicitated the couple at the headquarters here.The duo staged a brief dance show before the fans after arriving. When asked about their future plans, the duo simply said: \"We are going to perform duets together in the future as well. We want to become world-class salsa dancers,\" both said in unison.Asked whether would they accept offers from Bollywood , they replied in affirmative. \"So far we have not got any offer from Bollywood. But after winning the show, we got invitations for performing on stage in Surat and Mumbai. And we performed,\" Sumanth said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17484238", "title": "BJP suspends six dissident leaders", "text": "VADODARA: Six party workers were suspended by the BJP for anti-party activities in Vadodara district after they contested polls as rebels. The rebels were given a chance to withdraw from the contest, but did not do so.The suspended rebels include Mangalsinh Gohil and former MLA Shankar Rathwa who are contesting from the Gujarat Parivartan Party (GPP) on the Waghodia and Chhota Udepur seats. The rebels who are contesting as independents and were suspended include Rohit Patel better known as Ghanshyam Patel, Vajesinh Rathwa and Piyush Patel in fray from Waghodia, Pavijetpur and Dabhoi.BJP sources said that prior to the last day of withdrawals on Monday, several attempts were made to convince all these rebels to withdraw from the fray. \"Action has been taken only against those who remain in fray. We have not taken any action against those who withdrew,\" said a BJP functionary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17484243", "title": "Former councillor shifts loyalty", "text": "VADODARA: Former Congress councillor and son of former Vadodara mayor late Jayanti Ravji Patel, Paresh Patel joined the BJP on Tuesday. Patel was peeved with the party since ticket distribution after Jayesh Thakkar was awarded the party ticket for the Raopura constituency.Patel joined the party in the presence of BJP national secretary Shyam Zazu late on Tuesday afternoon. His supporters who had resigned from the Congress along with Patel on Monday also joined the BJP.Patel said that he had to part ways with the party he had grown up with as grassroot workers were not having any say there. \"My father served the party for his lifetime and even I had never imagined that I would ever leave it. But it now transpires that the Congress does not care for its committed workers. Their voices are ignored and outsiders who had nothing to do with the party are given ticket,\" Patel said while referring to the selection of Jayesh Thakkar as the Congress candidate from Raopura.Patel also rued the fact that when his father died, the party did not even hold a formal condolence meeting for him. \"I was very disappointed and this issue had been brewing inside me for years now,\" he said.Sources said BJP leader Harshit nee Gopi Talati had worked on Patel over the last few days and ensured that he changes sides. BJP city unit president Bharat Dangar said that the day was a black day for the Congress in the city. \"A man from a family that served the party for two generations had to leave it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17484253", "title": "KMRL explores JICA alternative", "text": "KOCHI: The Kochi Metro Rail Ltd (KMRL) will explore alternative options to secure funds for the Metro project. The board of directors (BOD) authorised the managing director of KMRL to look at other financial institutions which can support funding after evaluating the report submitted by the fact-finding team from Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA). The decision was announced after the ninth BOD meeting held in Kochi on Tuesday.Speaking on the development, urban development secretary Sudhir Krishna said that they reviewed the programmes of the Japanese team that visited Kochi. Since there are chances of funding organisations such as JICA attaching strict riders for providing loans, KMRL wants to have an option of having a consortium of various agencies that can mobilise funds. \"We can't put all our eggs in one basket. If required, we should be able to rope in other agencies or a consortium to generate funds for Metro,\" explained chief secretary K Jose Cyriac.Regarding the involvement of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation ( DMRC) Sudhir Krishna said that they were carefully preparing the terms of engagement and the chief secretaries of both Kerala and Delhi were involved in it. On a question on the time frame required to prepare the draft, Jose Cyriac said, \"It may take a few days or few weeks.\" But he assured that the process would not take too long to complete. Once DMRC's role is decided, Sudhir Krishna said that they could proceed without holding BOD meetings or convene an emergency meeting to decide on the further course of action.The board reviewed rehabilitation and environmental issues related to the Metro project. The urban development secretary said that the co-operation of Kochi corporation and other local bodies as well as approvals from organizations like railways were crucial to implementing the Metro. The chief secretary also said that the state government had issued an order to constitute a transit-oriented development (TOD) committee of various stake holders in the lines of Unified Metropolitan Transport Authority (UMTA). About eight agencies, including road and water transport departments, are part of TOD. Elias George, principal secretary (transport) as well as the managing director KMRL, will be the chairman of the committee. \"We will also include a few more agencies in the committee including the managing director of Cochin International Airport Ltd,\" Cyriac Jose said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "17484995", "title": "Temple treasure worth Rs 25 lakh stolen", "text": "MANALI: In yet another incident of theft in a temple, idols and jewellery of Lord Takshak Nag of Bhanara village were found stolen on Tuesday morning. Following the loss, the distressed villagers did not cook food on Tuesday and spent the whole day outside the temple store where gold and silver was kept.Takshak Nag is believed to be the 'god of rain' and whenever draught hits Kullu valley, all deities and villagers throng to his temple seeking rain. Now, residents are concerned that they may have to bear the deity's wrath in the form of long spell of draught. \"If our temples are not safe, how we can imagine safety of our houses,\" panchayat pradhan Jog Raj Rana said. The priest was at his relative's house the night theft took place.Police have laid nakas at all entry points in Kullu and Mandi districts and sniffer dogs have also been pressed into service. According to Manali deputy superintendent of police Sanjeev Chauhan, 580gm gold, 6kg silver and Rs 3 lakh cash has gone missing from the store and total estimated value of stolen things is about Rs 25 lakh.This is not the only incident of theft in temples in Manali. Earlier this year, thieves had stolen idols and cash from Ghatotkach and Siyali Mahadev temples. Dozens of incidents of theft were also reported from temples in Banjar, Kullu and Anni divisions of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17485864", "title": "Trinamool to vote against retail FDI in Lok Sabha", "text": "KOLKATA: Minutes before Trinamool Congress MP Saugata Roy rose to table his motion to amend the FEMA regulations allowing FDI in multibrand retail, the party's chief whip in Lok Sabha Kalyan Banerjee issued a whip asking all 19 party MPs to vote for the motion. It seemsIn turn meant,the party had made up its mind to vote against the UPA-2 after its rather nuanced stand in the all-party meeting on November 26. Trinamool had then indicated they would prefer the Lok Sabha speaker to decide first, leaving it to speculation whether it will vote or abstain.Trinamool, on Tuesday, also moved a similar resolution in Rajya Sabha where the debate is expected to commence on December 6. Unlike Roy's resolution, the one moved by party MPs Debabrata Bandopadhyay and Vivek Gupta in Rajya Sabha is very specific. It reads: \"This house disapproves of the government decision to allow FDI in multibrand retail.\" But Roy, earlier, wasn't so specific. His motion was primarily under rule 235, under which the government has to route any subordinate legislation (in this case amending FEMA to allow FDI in retail) through the parliament.Kalyan Banerjee and Sultan Ahmed argued that this was a well thought out strategy. Ahmed said, \"Till the government accedes to rule 184, which it will do only after it cobbles a majority, this remains uncertain. Moreover, our opposition to FDI is well known. But to allow FDI in retail, the government has to allow rule 235, as per law. So we didn't want to give any space to the government to maneuver afresh.\"Banerjee said: \"I do not know why there is such speculation that we will not vote against FDI in retail. This is a question of principle and one that has even prompted us to quit the government. Ours is a very transparent position and we will take whatever it takes to oppose FDI in retail.\" Rajya Sabha chief whip Derek O' Brien said that in last five election manifestos, the party has opposed FDI in retail. \"That we will oppose has been our clear stand from Day One.\"Trinamool's stand earned a praise from the most unlikely quarters, with Left Front chairman Biman Bose saying, \"If they vote against it, we welcome the move.\" To many, however, it was also interpreted as an attempt by Trinamool Congress not to be seen aligning directly with either BJP in Centre and Left (CPM and CPI) back home. But this argument didn't hold water as the resolution moved in the Rajya Sabha appeared similar to the ones moved by BJP and its allies Shiv Sena , BJD, AIDMK and Akali Dal. Incidentally, this is also similar to the one moved by CPM and CPI too.Roy elaborated this on the floor of the house. He said: \"FDI in multi-brand retail is something we have decided to fight tooth and nail. We have shown the moral courage to oppose and take a stand and even resign from the council of ministers. When we brought the no-confidence motion, we knew we did not have the numbers. We appealed to all parties, but they did not stand with us. But still we persisted in moving the motion and that is why again I have given this motion for amendment to the rules.\"Roy who'd a spat with foreign minister Salman Khurshid earlier, chose to remind Adhir Chowdhury if the state were to stop issuing licenses under the Shops and Establishments Act to multi-national retailers it would be challenged under the Bilateral Investment Promotion and Protection Agreement (BIPA) for it went against a national policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17485765", "title": "Pakistani intelligence agencies use new software to seek information on Indian Army", "text": "JAISALMER: Receiving a phone call on your mobile phone from an unknown Indian telephone number and asking for information about the Indian Army, etc can be dangerous - this could be a call from the Pakistani intelligence agency.The Pakistan Intelligence Operative Agency (PIOA) associated with Pak intelligence agency ISI has recently uploaded software named 'fone phreak' on Google and efforts are being made to call the Indian Army, BSF, Indian intelligence agencies and journalists to collect information. Though the calls are made from Pakistan, the number is that of Indian operators. Among the many calls received in the last 20 days, three calls were from Pakistan while the number displayed on the mobile screen was of that of Tata company's call centre in Hyderabad. After such efforts from Pakistan, the Army has alerted its units and directed them not to give out any information on the phone. Indian security and intelligence agencies and telecommunication department do not have any arrangement to stop this software. Otherwise too, this software can be used by many other people just for fun. Various security and intelligence agencies have expressed concern over this software.There has been a sudden increase in incoming calls from unknown numbers on mobile phones. If anyone gets such calls repeatedly then the police should be informed immediately. This software is uploaded in the computer which can be downloaded free of cost and can be used for wrong purposes.After downloading this software, one could use it for an hour and make fake calls. After downloading this software, two boxes are seen; in one box we have to put phone number from which the call has to be made and in the other box, the number has to be put on which the call is to be made. On dialing, the receiver cannot identify your phone number and will only see the number that has been put in the first box.This software can be uploaded from many countries including America, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Germany, France, Spain, Italy, Denmark, Belgium, India, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan and some others.There has been heavy increase in incidents of getting fake calls in India.A TOI correspondent too received three calls in November. The caller introduced himself as a journalist from London and wanted details of the Army's exercise and movement in Thar desert.For quite some time In the past some time, army, BSF, intelligence agencies, security agencies were also getting fake calls and there has been heavy increase in this. The caller calls himself from Indian army or officer from any other Indian agency and try to get information. The army has directed its jawans to be extra alert in this regard.As this software can be downloaded free of cost, many people such as criminals, eve-teasers and miscreants can use it to tease girls or create problems for others. If the Centre does not ban this software then any person can misuse this software.Defence spokeman S D Goswami said, \"Electronic communications do not respect national frontiers. Mobile phone communication provides an easy tool as part of digital spy war game plan or programmed agenda of Pakistan. We are fully aware of this type of warfare and have preventive measures in place. Our troops are now fully aware of such war through other means. We are keeping an eye on malicious tactics of anti-national elements and educate our rank and file through our awareness programmes. We have comprehensive cyber security instructions and defaulters are dealt with severely. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17483928", "title": "VAL shuts down Lanjigarh refinery", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: After exhausting all its sources for getting bauxite and repeatedly requesting the state government in vain to keep its promise to supply the raw material, the Vedanta group has finally decided to shut down its one mtpa refinery at Junagada in Kalahandi district from Wednesday.\"In spite of the company's top management having several rounds of meetings and discussions with the state chief minister and chief secretary for bauxite provision to the refinery, no concrete solution has been arrived upon,\" the VAL said in a media release here, a day before downing the shutter on the much-hyped factory that was a source of livelihood for an estimated 7,000 people. Though the company did not indicate immediate retrenchment of its employees, it nevertheless said the \"closure is expected to affect around 7,000 people engaged directly or indirectly in the plant\". Chief operating officer (CEO) of the refinery Mukesh Kumar said the instant impact of the plant's closure would be on nearly 3,000 people, who though not regular VAL employees, had been earning their livelihood from various ancillary works.The VAL said since the bauxite stock was depleted to \"almost zero level it was left with no other alternative but to shut down the refinery\". \"Despite our concerted efforts over the past three months to ensure sustainable supplies of bauxite for our Lanjigarh refinery we have not been able to find any solution. For the last three days we have run the unit at around 20% of the capacity and on December 5 we have been forced to close down the unit due to dwindling stocks of bauxite,\" the CEO said. \"I don't see any immediate revival of the plant. The 75 mw captive power plant we had put at Lanjigarh will also be closed. We have already lost over Rs 25,000 crore in running the plant with bauxite purchased at a high cost from outside the state. Even bauxite from outside sources is not available anymore,\" Kumar said.The company, sensing trouble in availability of raw material, had sent a three-month intimation to the state government on September 5, indicating the closure. \"The VAL set up the refinery entailing a huge investment in a specific background wherein the government of Odisha had agreed to supply bauxite,\" Kumar's September 5 letter to the government had said. The VAL said it had in the last few years it submitted 26 applications to the state government for prospective license/mining lease of bauxite. \"Unfortunately none of the applications could be processed and forwarded for allotment of bauxite mines,\" it said.The VAL had expected a case, on in the Supreme Court, regarding mining of the neighbouring Niyamgiri hill by the Odisha Mining Corporation (OMC) for bauxite would be over anytime, giving it a breather to keep the plant running. The case is posted to December 6. \"We are not sure when the case will be over and about its outcome. Hence, we decided not to take the risk and close down the refinery without sustaining any more loss,\" said a VAL official.The plight of VAL refinery, government officials admitted, will send a strong wrong signal to potential investors who have all along viewed Odisha as a favorite destination to put up plants. Anil Agarwal's VAL is the only private industrial house to have invested more than Rs 50,000 crore in the state. The refinery was part of his integrated complex, the other plants being 1.75 mtpa capacity aluminium smelter, 1215 mw captive power plant and 2400 mw independent power plant, all at Jharsuguda. The refinery, which the VAL authorities said, was set up on the basis of the state government's assurance to provide raw material, has since completed nearly 70% works for its expansion to 6 million ton per annum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17486404", "title": "Emu scam accused gets Pattali Makkal Katchi and Viduthalai Chiruthaikal Katchi to plead his innocence", "text": "COIMBATORE: Elsewhere, Pattali Makkal Katchi (PMK) and Viduthalai Chiruthaikal Katchi (VCK) leaders have their daggers drawn. But in Erode, cadres of both parties set aside their differences and held a joint protest on Monday to plead the case of M S Guru, the mastermind in the emu contract farming scam. Their main demand was police must withdraw the Goondas Act invoked on Guru. Moreover, they claimed that Guru was the victim of a \"conspiracy hatched by upper caste people\" against a successful member of the Arundhatiyar community.As a bemused political class watched this rare show of solidarity, even as leaders of the two parties carried on with their verbal duel regarding inter-caste marriages, the protestors claimed that if Guru was released he would settle outstanding dues of all those who had invested in his scheme.A crowd of nearly 60 people, under the leadership of PMK district secretary R Vadivel and VCK district secretary N Vinayagamoorthy, staged the protest though police had initially refused permission. Vadivel had moved court and received approval from the high court to hold the protest.VCK leader Vinayagamoorthy had a ready reply when asked how he could join hands with PMK, that too to make an unreasonable demand, since relations between the two parties had broken down completely. \"We have high regards for Guru and his concern for backward communities. Even though we did not consult state leadership about participating in the protest, we felt we should not boycott the protest just because it was organized by the PMK,\" he told TOI.Vadivel said though the two parties didn't agree on inter-caste marriages, they decided to bury their differences as Guru has made a substantial contribution to society without discriminating against anyone on the basis of caste. He denied the allegation that Guru had funded the protest. \"Only my enemies say I'm Guru's puppet as he has gifted me a car. But honestly, I am pained by his sudden fall from grace and will continue to fight for him,\" he added. This is the third protest that Vadivel has organized for Guru.According to PMK sources, Guru was very active in the party till he was arrested and remanded in jail. He was the city area secretary of PMK in his home turf Perundurai until about two years ago. It was party leader G K Mani who inaugurated Guru's emu meat-based restaurant in Perundurai. He was also the main source of funds for the party in Erode district.Leading lawyer and Erode-based farmer S Dhalapathi has pooh-poohed the sudden bonhomie between the two parties for Guru's release. \"Political parties have lost one of their main sources of funding because of Guru's arrest. He used to donate at least Rs 2 lakh to political parties irrespective of the colour of their flag. He gifted cars to leading politicians in the region and regularly paid cash gifts. The protest is just a token of gratitude for his generosity,'' he alleged.Guru has 926 cases against him filed by investors and is accused of swindling Rs 60 crore. Guru is also facing charges of domestic violence against his wife, illegal use of former president A P J Abdul Kalam's name to promote his business and three instances of street violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17483804", "title": "Global cuisine more in demand", "text": "RANCHI: The wedding menus have gone international this season with delicacies from around the world being the latest trend.As the demand for foreign cuisines increases, hotels and restaurants in the city are gearing up in deference to the wishes of the people.Food and beverages manager of Chanakya BNR Dharmveer Kumar said, \"Earlier, people used to ask for only Indian food during wedding parties, but now they ask for Mexican, continental and Chinese too.\"He added, \"Chaats are also very popular in wedding parties, so we have called a famous chaat seller from Varanasi especially for the season. We have also added new dishes like chuda kebab, bhutta kebab, mahi amchur tikka in the Indian menu. In continental, we have added Italian comfed chicken breast and grilled fish with charmole sauce. We will also be providing lobster as per public demand.\"Hotel Radisson Blu has started special wedding packages where a vegetarian plate starts from Rs 750 plus taxes per head and the non-vegetarian one starts from Rs 900 plus taxes.Food and beverages manager of the hotel Richard Pereira said, \"We have various types of local and international cuisines. In the international menu, we have continental, Chinese and Italian cuisines, while in the Indian menu we are offering cuisines from south, north, east and west India according to the demand of customers.\"Live counters are also popular in the wedding menus. Almost all hotels offer the option of live cooking counters at the wedding parties.Banquet manager of Hotel Golden Tulip Parimal Chakravarti said, \"Apart from our usual cuisines, we will also be offering live cooking counters for pasta and jalebi for the items to be cooked and served hot.\"Pareira said, \"People really enjoy hot, out-of-stove food and many customers make a beeline for live counters for continental and Italian food.\"Local caterers as well as those from outside are busy these days because of the growing demands of their clients. \"From fish to fowl and vegetables, our clients are demanding new things for the platter everyday and if these are not available in the city, we also have them flown from Kolkata and Delhi,\" said one of them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17489372", "title": "Hike in mess charges at government hostels in Andhra Pradesh from December 9", "text": "HYDERABAD: Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Tuesday said the hike in hostel mess charges for students announced by him in the Assembly would be implemented from December nine.Reddy, who interacted with students of Tandur Girls School as part of his 'Indiramma Baata' (on the path shown by Indiramma) mass-contact programme in adjoining Ranga Reddy district, said the programme will be implemented from December 9, the birthday of Congress president Sonia Gandhi.He said 8.20 lakh students will benefit from the hike in mess charges at government-run hostels in schools and colleges. A sum Rs 242 crore will be incurred on the scheme.For the students of 3rd to 7th standard, the hike will be from Rs 475 to Rs 750 and for 8th to 10th standards, it would be from Rs 535 to Rs 850. For the students of Intermediate to PG, the increase would be from Rs 520 to 1050.Education alone would help an individual and make him successful in life, the chief minister said on the occasion.Earlier, Reddy laid the foundation stone for a 200-bed hospital and inaugurated a special Neonatal Care Unit at Tandur, built at a cost of Rs 100 crore.Later, he formally launched the 'Indiramma Amrutha Hastham\" programme. Speaking on the occasion, the chief minister said the scheme has been launched to reduce the incidence of low birth babies, infant and maternal mortality, and malnutrition among children.An estimated 3.5 lakh pregnant and lactating women will be provided 'one full meal' under the programme. He said Rs 100 will be given to the women who lose their daily wages when in hospital after delivery and another Rs 50 towards nutritious food.The scheme is being launched with an outlay of Rs 100 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17486720", "title": "774 dengue cases in state: Govt", "text": "PATNA: Bihar government on Tuesday said that altogether 774 persons have been diagnosed as dengue patients in the state this year.Replying to a question of Kedar Nath Pandey (CPI) and Narendra Prasad Singh (BJP) during the pre-lunch session of the Bihar legislative council, health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey said there has been at least 1,176 suspected cases of dengue in the state. The government has set up separate isolation cells in all the government medical colleges and hospitals. All necessary testing kits have been made available to these hospitals, the minister said.The minister said 40 fogging machines were functional in the state to ward off the vector dengue mosquitoes. Purchase of additional fogging machines was in the process.He said health department officials conducted raids on shops selling sweets and edible oil in three districts - Patna, Gaya and Muzaffarpur - on the eve of Diwali and Chhath and arrested 25 persons on the charge of adulteration.Replying to a question of Narendra Prasad Singh (BJP), the minister said during the raids, 463 food samples were collected and a total of 44 FIRs lodged under the Food Adulteration Act. In Patna, of the 268 samples collected, 97 were found adulterated. Nineteen persons were arrested in this connection in Patna, he said. In Gaya, out of 89 samples, 42 were found substandard and four persons were arrested, Choubey said. In Muzaffarpur, out of 106 samples, 43 were found defective and two persons were arrested, he said.Demolition of MLA flats: A large number of MLA flats located on Beer Chand Patel Marg would soon be demolished for the construction of a new modern complex for the legislators.Intervening during the reply of energy minister during the question hour in Bihar legislative council, CM Nitish Kumar made this statement when some legislators said that complaints regarding water and power supply in some of these flats were not being attended to.The CM said the building construction department was yet to give a list of flats/bungalows to be demolished. There was no point making any substantial expenditure on the repair of the flats to be demolished soon. However, he said, there should not be any problem for legislators residing in these flats. He had directed the departments concerned to provide all the facilities at these flats.JD-U member Mahachandra Prasad Singh complained that electrical repair work was not being done in his flat on the pretext of an order which said that no further repair work was to be done in this flat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17483894", "title": "Desi taste for English players", "text": "RANCHI: An array of scrumptious Jharkhand specialities will await England cricket players when they land in the city for the one day international match on January 19, for the first time ever.Richard Pereira, at Hotel Radisson Blu during their visit.food and beverages manager of a star hotel, where the players of both England and India will be putting up, said, \"We will be catering for both the teams in the hotel as well as during the match at the JSCA International Stadium. We are prepared to welcome them. Three kinds of cuisines - continental, Chinese and Indian - will be served to them. We will be preparing Jharkhand specialities - 'litti chokha' and 'dhuska' for the players and we hope that they like the taste.\"Specialities from England will also figure on the menu. Hotel Radisson Blu.A special dish of 'chiken tikka pie' will be introduced in the palate for the England team. \"This is the first time that we will be preparing a mix of Asian and European dishes which is quite popular in England. We will also adding fish and chips and Shepherd's Pie to the menu,\" said Pereira.England cricket team manager has directed the hotel management to be prepared to serve as per the demand of the players. Pereira said, \"Our continental chefs are experts in English dishes and they are ready to meet the demands of English players. Our chefs will go to every player and customize a menu for each player according to his demand.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17484050", "title": "Bhopal ideal city to replicate Mumbai dabbawala project, says CEO", "text": "BHOPAL: The state capital with an ever increasing floating migrant population trying to eke out a living and over two lakh students from outside the city studying in the over 100-odd engineering and professional colleges is an ideal destination to replicate the world famous dabbawala project of Mumbai.The Mumbai 'dabbawala' project, with its motto of 'on time every time', and armed with a Six Sigma quality certification and a global business fan club that includes Prince Charles of UK is an ideal model providing lunch boxes to students, workers and executives across the length an breadth of Mumbai round the year.The CEO of the Dabbawala Association, Pawan G Agarwal, who was in the state capital on Tuesday, in an exclusive chat with TOI said, \"In view of the growth of Bhopal , the 'dabbawala' concept can be a successful venture in Bhopal.\"Our USP is providing home-made food to the working professionals. Everyone wants to have home-made food during their lunch in office but the work-pressure and several other professional constraints have made it tough to carry lunch-boxes. Here, we come into the picture.\"Stating that the locals should come forward and replicate the model, he said, \"Mumbai dabbawalas cannot come and work here since the language, culture and geography is different. But if someone wants to replicate the concept in Bhopal, they can take the help of Mumbai dabbawalas. After being here and seeing the city, I personally feel it may do well if it's set up here,\" said Agarwal who has a doctoral degree on 'A study of Logistics and Supply Chain Management of Dabbawalas in Mumbai'.Talking about the Mumbai dabbawalas, he said, \"They are happy with the way they have been working. However, with increasing inflation they are compromising on their earnings. At present they charge Rs 450 per month from an individual for delivery but the cost works out to be about Rs 700 per head. An increase in charges is however resisted by the members.\"Established in 1890 and transformed into a charitable trust in 1956, the dabbawalas transport around two lakh lunch boxes (four lakh transactions) to and from the office-goers' doorstep every day, without a break and without an error.Mumbai's 5000 dabbawalas who have been in action for over 100 years have delivered lunch to people on time everyday have become a global business school model. The concept has even made it to the Harvard business review as a case study. Besides, renowned institutions including Indian Institute of Management (IIM) and several universities have been teaching the concept to their students.Glimpse at Mumbai DabbawalasTotal workers: 5,000Each individual carry: 40 lunch boxes everyday (60-75 kg)Earns: Around Rs 10,000 per workerAfter dabbawalas, its hawkersAfter successfully putting the dabbawalas on the international map, Agarwal has started working on a project for newspaper hawkers. \"In Mumbai there are 48,000 newspaper hawkers. They are the section of the society servicing a big population for the last many decades. I have been demanding from the government for their recognition and proper education. Besides, my demand has been for an alternate source of income for them,\" said Agarwal who is working on a thesis 'Emergence and importance of newspaper distribution business in Mumbai (hawkers)'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17484832", "title": "Yamuna faces catastrophe, apex court told", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday sought expert help from the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) after being told by Central Pollution Control Board that despite Rs 5,000 crore spent to reduce pollution, the Yamuna was staring at a catastrophe as over 2,400 million litres of untreated sewage flowed into it every day.More seriously, CPCB counsel Vijay Panjwani informed a bench of Justices Swatanter Kumar and Madan Lokur that officials of Delhi Jal Board (DJB), which is the sole in-charge of treating sewage, had \"zero\" knowledge of the task entrusted to them.SC looks to IITs for Yamuna lifelineThe ensuing war of words between Panjwani and DJB counsel Rupinder Singh Suri presented a sorry spectacle before the apex court, which has been repeatedly asking the authorities to work together to reduce pollution in the river during the last 18 years of monitoring.Irked by the lack of cooperation and coordination between various agencies, the bench decided to call for expert help. It asked the directors of IIT Delhi and IIT Roorkee to be present in court on December 11 to render expert advice on preparing a scientific strategy to save the gasping Yamuna. The magnitude of the problem facing Yamuna, which gets 2,400 million litres per day (MLDs) of untreated sewage, will worsen by 2021 and 2031 when Delhi's population is expected to increase to 2 crore and 2.31 crore respectively.The joint inspection report by CPCB and DJB, which was not signed by the Jal Board representative, informed the court that \"waste water generation due to growth of urban population will be substantial and may be in the range of about 5,000 to 6,000 MLD respectively for the corresponding years 2021 and 2031\".\"Thus, there is an urgent need to have comprehensive planning for strengthening sewerage system by amalgamating the efforts of all civic agencies in Delhi,\" the CPCB said. Referring to the CPCB report saying there was zero dissolved oxygen level in the Yamuna at many stretches of its course through Delhi, amicus curiae and senior advocate Ranjit Kumar said that of the H2O, the O was missing from Yamuna waters.The CPCB also trashed the \"interceptor\" system being implemented by DJB at a cost of Rs 1,400 crore. Panjwani said it was only a \"myth\" and warned that it was not going to solve the problem. Suri countered this and said 22% of the sewerage interceptor system work was complete and accused the CPCB of not being aware of ground realities.The court had enough of the constant sniping between CPCB and DJB and said, \"It is very painful to see the authorities being at daggers drawn and huge amounts being spent without achieving the desired results. All we are saying is that the court is not powerless or helpless. All the authorities must put their heads together. If they fail, we will make them do it.\"Since 1994, when the apex court took up monitoring of steps to reduce pollution in Yamuna, Uttar Pradesh has spent Rs 2,052 crore, Delhi government and its civic bodies Rs 2,387 crore and Haryana Rs 549 crore to clean the river, taking the total to Rs 4,988 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17485923", "title": "Dad &amp; mom jailed, parenting scarred", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Oslo court's verdict convicting V Chandrasekhar and his wife, Anupama, for abusing their seven-year-old son Sai Sriram has disappointed their family here. They say they're intrigued that the Orange Book, sole basis for registering a police complaint, is missing. In Indian parlance, the Orange Book is a complaint issued by the school against the parents.Last month, Chandrasekhar and his wife were arrested and the court on Tuesday convicted them for maltreating their child using threats and violence. Chandrasekhar got an 18-month jail term and his wife 15 months.Reacting to the verdict, L Sailender, Chandrasekhar's nephew, said they were told the Orange Book was missing. No reason was given for this. \"After the judgment, Chandrasekhar was allowed to speak to us. We told him not to lose hope. He enquired after his sons, Sriram and Abhiram. The court only went by the prosecution's arguments without even considering evidence put forth by the defence counsel. More importantly, how can the Orange Book go missing?\"Most members of the family broke down and were inconsolable after hearing the adverse verdict. Ever since Anupama left for Oslo in the last week of November, the families have not heard a single word about her.Chandrasekhar's family will move the higher court against Tuesday's verdict. Oslo-based advocates are in touch with the Indian couple. Some relatives claimed the verdict in itself infringed on the rights of the children since Sriram and Abhiram would be kept away from their parents, if the sentence was implemented.\"How can the court pronounce its judgment based on the complaint of a seven-year-old boy without even taking into account our arguments based on Indian culture and values? We will move higher court besides putting pressure, both on the state and central governments, to take up the issue with the Norwegian authorities,\" another family member said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17485660", "title": "Rally to celebrate vintage cars, motorcycles", "text": "GURGAON: Here's a rare opportunity for automobile enthusiasts in Gurgaon, to admire vintage cars and motorcycles - Rolls Royce, Bentley, Norton , Sunbeam and many others models - in their full glory in close quarters.On December 9, 21 Gun Salute will organize the vintage cars and bikes rally, the largest in the country. The rally will be flagged off at Panchsheel Club in New Delhi and will culminate at Leisure Valley Park in Sector 29 in Gurgaon. Before the culmination point, the entire caravan of over 150 vintage cars and bikes participating in the rally will be exhibited.Madan Mohan, managing director, 21 Gun Salute, who unveiled two vintage cars - a Chrysler CM6 1931 and a Buick 1947 - on Tuesday, told TOI the highlight of '21 Gun Salute Vintage Rally' will be the presence of rarest vintage automobiles of the bygone era from different parts of country, including Delhi, Gurgaon, Mumbai, Kanpur, Jaipur and Chandigarh.Calling it a vintage rally in a larger canvas, Mohan said the overwhelming response of the last two car rallies persuaded them to take it to international level in the next year. \"The mission is to extend the experience of the old bygone era with a contemporary touch to re-live the royal and aristocratic history of our country,\" he said, adding that not only these cars represent India's heritage but also showcase the evolution of the automobile industry.Organized in association with the Heritage Motoring Club of India (HMCI), the vintage drive will see cars of the pre-war era - from the 1920s to the glorious time of 1965s.Another major attraction of the rally will be the oldest car in the show - a Rolls Royce Silver Ghost of 1913, owned by Tariq Ibrahim of Kanpur. Also, a motorcycle used by the ruler of Darbhanga to hunt crocodiles will be another machine to admire.Apart from this, vehicles from the imperial houses of Rolls Royce, Stutz, Buick, Ford, Chevrolet , Austin Martin and Bentley will be the treat for car enthusiasts, photographers and historians, who have also been invited for the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17485929", "title": "A techie\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s journey to prison in an alien land", "text": "HYDERABAD: Convicted 34-year-old V Chandrasekhar comes from a family of farmers in Krishna district and is an alumnus of REC, Warangal (now NIT, Warangal). His family hails from Dondapadu village, but Chandrasekhar moved to Hyderabad after his basic education. Chandrasekhar's father, V Satyanarayana, continues to live at their native place. After his degree in electronic engineering, Chandrasekhar worked for companies such as NIC and Wipro , before joining TCS five years ago. Anupama, his wife, is also an engineer. They have two sons, Sriram and Abhiram.Chandrasekhar and family have a flat in an apartment complex at Miyapur. Anupama preferred not to work because her son Sriram was 'hypersensitive'. Anupama's parents live in Hyderabad and she graduated from a private engineering college. Chandrasekhar is a senior manager with TCS and was sent to Oslo on a project one-and-half years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17485528", "title": "TB claims 2011 CBSE class XII topper", "text": "MUMBAI: The city lost one of its bright young minds on Monday when Shreeram Radhakrishnan, who topped the CBSE's class XII examinations (science stream) in 2011 in the state, died of multi-drug resistant TB (MDR-TB ) after being in an unconscious state for almost 10 months.The 19-year-old, who wanted to be an IITian like his father RRadhakrishnan, had realized his dream when he secured an all India rank of 224 in IIT-JEE 2011 and got admission in IITBombay. However, he could not attend even a single lecture as he was diagnosed with tuberculosis (TB) in June last year. In July 2011, his culture test showed that he was suffering from MDR-TB.\"IIT-Bombay authorities were kind enough to grant Shreeram a two-year break for treatment. He had opted for a dual degree programme in microelectronics,\" said his father, a professor. \"Even on the day of his class XII results, he had high fever.\" In fact, in one of his interviews to the media, Shreeram was quoted as saying, \"I have been running high fever for the last few days. Though I am in no state to react or express my joy, I am feeling on top of the world'.Last August, the TB attacked his brain in the form of meningitis. In March this year, he slipped into an unconscious state. \"He did not go into a coma as he was breathing on his own. On several occasions, he showed signs of recovery and we thought he would be alright. But he never bounced back,\" said his father.Shreeram was undergoing treatment at Hinduja Hospital and was shifted to his home in Nerul on November 30. Shreeram's father said that MDR-TB is no longer confined to the poor. \"The son of a friend in the US and a girl from a well-to-do family in Bangalore were also was diagnosed with the disease.\"The mortality rate of MDRTB in the country is over 18 %, said Mumbai TB officer Mini Khetrapal. \"Timely detection and proper treatment can cure apatient,\" she added.Life cut shortShreeram Radhakrishnan secured 97.6% marks and topped the CBSE's class XII examinations (science stream) in 2011 in MaharashtraShreeram ranked 224 in IIT-JEE 2011 and got admission in IIT-BombayIn June last year, he was diagnosed with tuberculosis (TB)In July 2011, he was detected with multi-drug resistant TBLast August, he suffered his first meningitis attackIn March this year, he slipped into an unconscious state", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17485299", "title": "Focus on building green ships to control marine pollution", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: With safety being the main concern over nuclear-powered ships, there is a need to focus on building green ships, Indian Maritime University (IMU) Visakhapatnam campus director, Suresh Chandra Misra said.Addressing a press conference on IMU's Tech Samudra-2012, a three-day international conference cum exhibition on technology of the sea that is set to begin on December 6, here on Tuesday, Misra said that nuclear-powered ships are not very safe when compared to fuel-powered ships and are also expensive.He said the objective behind Tech Samudra was to bring about changes in design and production of marine vehicles, structures and associated systems and services coupled with societal demands of green technology applications, reduction of environmental pollution and requirement of higher standards of performance.Four keynote speakers have been invited across the globe to give a presentation particularly on green ship designing and technology for sustainable marine activity. \"Green ship concept is nothing but building a ship with lower emission levels and other environmental hazards. Future needs green ships in order to control sea and environmental pollution, he explained.IMU students will also be making eight paper presentations while its faculty and research scholars would make 39 technical presentations during the conference.The topics include hydrodynamics, structures, vibration and noise due to machinery and wake, stability of floating structure and jetties, safety security and reliability, propulsion engines and systems, auxiliary systems, port and harbour operations and offshore activities.State ports and infrastructure minister Ganta Srinivasa Rao will be the chief guest on the occasion and IMU vice chancellor G Raghuram will be presiding over the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17483805", "title": "Bangalore is a no-walking zone", "text": "BANGALORE: Watch your step! Our streets are not made for walking, and certainly not our pavements.So much so that D Venkata Rao and his wife have stopped their morning walk routine for over three years now. They cite bad roads and irregular footpaths as the main reason. \"When we started going to a park nearby, we found the approach path blocked with garbage heaps. A couple of times, my wife slipped on the wet waste heaps,\" Rao complained.Professor UV Mohan, resident of AECS Layout, Kundanahalli, pointed out that roads in his locality are not walkable at all. \"The civic body can at least pave paths surrounding lakes so senior citizens and others can walk,\" he said.In IT City, with its high-tech expressways, the pedestrian is forced to dart across roads and is all but run off the pavements. Pedestrians rank low in priority for the BBMP, that creates road infrastructure like pavements, zebra crossings, grade crossings, skywalks and subways.Research by Clean Air Initiative ranks Bangalore as one among four Asian cities where roads are simply not walkable. The city scores only 46 out of 100 on the walkability index, the second lowest after Chennai's score of 40, the lowest among 15 Asian cities. Kathmandu and Jakarta also fall in this category. Hong Kong scores 71 and Metro Manila 67, which puts them high on the index.The walkability index is a measure of how friendly the city is to walkers, with easy and safe access to mass transit and other public transport modes, good and continuous footpaths, ability to cross roads, safety for motorists, obstructions like trees, electricity poles and street hawkers, disabled-friendly ramps and conflicts between road and footpath users.In Bangalore, subways and underpasses are made in isolation and hence, underused. Moreover, awareness on using subways and their safety and maintenance has been questioned time and again.Expert speakGrade crossings on roads are best for pedestrians, but a lot needs to be done to improve their quality. Raised table-top crossings with silicon signals on the road are a must. Even for wide roads, there should be pedestrian refuge areas, which are slightly raised structures in the middle of the road, so that crossing it is safe. I completely agree that motorists have no concern for pedestrians. Motorists should stop at crossings and allow pedestrians to go first.V Manjula, commissioner, directorate of Urban Land TransportSubways in isolation will never be used. If the civic agency allows integrated development like shops to be set up, they would maintain the subway and generate revenue, and also ensure that subways are used. Pedestrians have never been a priority for civic bodies to create road infrastructure because it does not generate money. However, with global cities moving towards pedestrianization, Indian cities should make areas at least around schools and hospitals walkable.TG Sitharam, professor of civil department, IISC", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17485728", "title": "MMC employees boycott attendance system", "text": "MARGAO: Protesting the introduction of the biometric attendance recording system by the Margao Municial Council (MMC), most of the employees, at the behest of the civic employees' union, have refrained from using the new system which was introduced from December 1.Chief officer of the MMC Srinet Kothwale has warned them of taking strict disciplinary action against all those who have failed to abide by the new attendance policy.\"The new attendance policy requiring the employees to record their attendance on the biometric attendance recording system has come into force from December 1. Those who have not used this system to record their attendance will be treated as absent and strict disciplinary action will be initiated against them,\" Kothwale told TOI.The new system is expected to curb frequent absenteeism among the staff thereby increasing the efficiency of the civic body. The employees' union has protested the new system on the pretext that a petition filed against the MMC by an NGO over the non-implementation of the biometric attendance recording system is pending before the court.\"I have already spoken to the NGO asking them to withdraw the petition as the MMC has introduced the biometric attendance recording system. We will also submit an action-taken report to the court praying for the early disposal of the petition. In any case, we will go ahead with the new system and those not complying with it will have to face action,\" Kothwale said.Kothwale has now been transferred from the MMC and will be replaced by Sandhya Kamat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17485858", "title": "Sodomized, boy attempts to kill himself", "text": "ROHTAK: Unable to tolerate sexual harassment by three fellow students, a 12-year-old boy studying in a private school attempted suicide on Tuesday. The boy's mother found the suicide note in time and stopped him before he could jump off the roof of his house.According to the police complaint filed by the mother, the accused had been sexually exploiting the boy for the last six months. They used to take him to the school bathroom to sexually abuse him frequently, she alleged. They also pressured the boy in to stealing from his home and threatened to sexually abuse his five-year-old sister if he told this to anybody. The complaint states that the accused students sexually abused him on Friday. Depressed, the boy wrote a suicide note stating that he was committing suicide as he was fed up with the harassment by his classmates. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17485574", "title": "Skilled labour deficit will be 5.12 million by 2015", "text": "JAIPUR: The state is facing a double whammy with urban unemployment in manufacturing sector being among the highest and facing the acute shortage of skilled manpower. To bridge the gap, the state has initiated some innovative schemes like recruiting 30 management graduates to oversee public delivery system in districts. Recently it also announced internship programme for students from elite colleges with attractive remuneration. However, these efforts are minuscule in reducing the shortage of skilled workforce.According to state government officials the skilled labour force deficit will cumulatively stand at 5.12 million in Rajasthan by 2015. Against this, the state has a meagre 1.5% workforce in the age group of 16-20 that has obtained vocational training through certified courses. This is much lower as compared to the national figure of 5%.\"There is a huge gap and we are aware of it. The government is making all efforts to bridge the gap. Corporate houses should come forward in imparting vocational training to the youth,\" said a senior official of labour and employment department.Adding to the woes the annual 'Employment and Unemployment Survey 2011-12' indicates that 484 people out of every 1,000 who are employed are completely illiterate. The illiteracy levels are higher among the males, 722 out of 1000 against 203 for females have no primary education.In April 2012, a report submitted by the ICRA (a credit ratings agency) revealed that there are 32 prominent sectors in the state which are facing acute skilled labour shortage. \"Gems and jewellery, hospitality, construction, IT and ITES are some of the sectors where we are expected to face huge paucity of manpower. Government needs to seriously focus on training and skill development among people in these sectors,\" said Dilip Chenoy, CEO, National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC).But the government is not serious about the issue and the process of skill development is moving at a snail's pace. In the last six years, the government provided training to only 72,000 people. However, officials claim that hey are taking proactive measures in providing skilled labour to the industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17484346", "title": "Land identified for cargo hub near airport", "text": "PUNE: District collector Vikas Deshmukh has instructed the Airport Authority of India (AAI), Pune, to submit a proposal for acquisition of land to develop a cargo hub and other infrastructure facilities near the Lohegaon airport.Deshmukh said on Tuesday that a survey was conducted recently and around eight acre (3.5 hectare) land near the airport was identified for the purpose.The instructions were issued on Monday during a meeting called by the district collector to discuss issues related to land acquisition for central government projects in the district. The meeting was attended by officials from the AAI and the National Highway Authority of India, besides local authorities from the public works department and the irrigation department.\"The decisions takenin the meeting would help streamline implementation of the projects that have been facing delays because of various reasons,\" Deshmukh said.\"The AAI's plan to start a cargo hub and other facilities has been facing shortage of space. Now, we have identified the land. As per the land acquisition law, the AAI has to submit a proposal for land acquisition to the district administration,\" Deshmukh said.About the Pune-Bangalore, Pune-Solpaur and Pune-Nashik highways, Deshmukh said that widening of these highways was delayed in some stretches because of opposition to land acquisition by local residents. \"I have asked the authorities to hold talks with the local people and also instructed them to go ahead with land acquisition under police protection,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17485882", "title": "German investments in the offing for West Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: Bengal can expect some fresh overseas investments soon, with the German ambassador to India Michael Steiner coming to Kolkata to discuss with chief minister Mamata Banerjee areas where German investors can fit in.As part of the preparatory meeting, a 20-member delegation led by German consul-general Rainer Schmiedchen on Tuesday held a two-hour meeting with state finance minister Amit Mitra to discuss about prospects for the new investors. Mitra told reporters that he tried to make clear before the team the state's focus and how it's creating clusters for different industries. However, Mitra made it clear that the government is handling the land issue very delicately and for that it would prefer the investors to go to Bankura or Purulia where barren land can be used for industry.Bernhard Steinruecke, director general of Indo-German chamber of commerce, said that they were focusing on sectors like mining, steel and even automobile. Moreover, there were discussions on improving quality of vocational training, as the state is lagging in trained manpower. The government is keen on German ties is planning to have ties with Germansto improve skills, Mitra said. I Sen of Indo-German chamber of commerce said that perception about Bengal is changing and more interaction will help bring in new investments.Rajesh Nath, MD, VDMA-India, (federation of German machinery manufacturers) said that during the interactive session, Mitra told them how he had improved the revenue scenario in the state and about the new initiative in Bengal. \"He also discussed about setting up manufacturing industries on Kalyani industrial plot,\" Nath said. He added that food processing is going to be a key sector, where German investors can participate.At present, many German companies are in the city to attend the mining fair. and for that they were eager to get a feel of the policy of the government.N Sreenivasan, who represented German firm Wurth, said that people in Kolkata are lapping up new cars and for that last month, 14 Porsche cars were sold in the city.German consul-general Rainer Schmiedchen said that in order to assist the Indian businessmen to stay longer in Germany, they were planning to grant business visa ranging from three to five years. Earlier, visa with restricted period was granted to the business community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17486405", "title": "Telcos to physically verify sim buyers' address", "text": "MUMBAI: Buying a sim card, hitherto a fairly painless task, is set to get more complicated. In a high-level meeting convened by joint commissioners Himanshu Roy and Sadanand Date on Monday, the police laid down a new rule: that subscribers' addresses be physically verified before they are sold a sim card by mobile companies or retailers. They also suggested a number of additional security measures such as the setting up of CCTV in shops and recording the voices of subscribers when their sim cards were activated.\"A huge number of sim cards are being bought under fictitious names to carry out terrorist activities in India,\" said Roy. \"We asked mobile service providers to follow the telecom ministry's stringent guidelines prescribed on August 9, 2012.\"Cops rue cell service providers' laxityJoint police commissioners Himanshu Roy and Sadanand Date on Tuesday briefed mobile service companies on the government guidelines to prevent misuse of sim cards. The meeting was attended by the representatives of over a dozen mobile service providers.Roy told the service providers that an extensive exercise had been carried out in 2010 to identify fictitious sim card subscribers from the existing databases. \"We had registered criminal cases against those who provided fake addresses and a list of cards had been submitted to the service providers for deactivation,\" he said. \"Unfortunately, while the cards were deactivated, the service providers did not initiate criminal proceedings against erring subscribers.\"Service providers have now been asked to provide a comprehensive list of retailers across the metropolis. Roy said the police had proposed that CCTV be installed in all shops dealing in SIM cards; Date, on his part, asked service providers to record the voice of a subscriber when his or her SIM was activated . He warned that retailers found to be selling sim cards to those who used fictitious names would be blacklisted and a list of their names would be sent to all service providers.Representatives of the service providers voiced their doubts about the CCTV suggestion, saying that economic constraints would make it difficult for most retailers to install a CCTV network in their shops.\"We have 7,000 retailers in the metropolis, and it will be a very costly affair,\" said one representative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17485777", "title": "New railway station outside Margao could add to passenger woes", "text": "MARGAO: Passengers travelling long distance on Konkan railway could face local transport problems once Konkan Railway Corporation's (KRC) new railway station begins functioning.KRC is planning a new station approximately 5 km from the existing Margao station in the village of Sao Jose de Areal, bordering Dicarpale, to decongest Margao railway station. The new station will serve several passenger trains.KRC senior public relations manager Baban Ghatge said, \"The new station will have all passenger amenities and facilities similar to those at Margao railway station. Several mail and express trains will originate and terminate at this station,\" Ghatge added.Since the station will be outside Margao municipal limits and Goa's public transport system leaves much to be desired, there are fears that passenger access to the railway station could be limited.Ghatge sought to allay apprehensions that the new station will inconvenience passengers. \"The site is located meters away from the Don Khuris bus stop along Margao-Quepem road which has an efficient public transport system,\" Ghatge said.Explaining further, Ghatge said, \"The purpose of setting up a new station is to decongest traffic movement at Margao railway station. The new station will serve as a junction connecting KR and South Western railway (SWR) routes by a proposed bypass line of approximately 800m, which will be laid to connect the two routes between the new station and Chandor. This will facilitate direct switching of routes by trains thus avoiding the shunting process and bypassing Margao station. Currently, for a train to switch routes at Margao station, three lines get engaged for almost two-and-a-half hours.\"Margao railway station currently handles 50 trains per day-40 passenger trains and nearly ten freight trains. Traffic could rise considerably by the time the new station gets operational, which is likely to be two years from now. Sources said the proposed station project is yet to get off the drawing board stage as the architectural drawings are yet to be finalized.Ghatge told TOI that landfilling at the site has started and that KRC has submitted a proposal to the Goa government for acquisition of additional land for the purpose. The new railway station is yet to be christened, though for administrative purposes it is being called 'Sarzora'KRC has started the spadework on land which is in its possession. It has requisitioned acquisition of more land for the lines and the bypass line totaling 1,88,145 sq m from the state government. The station building will come up on 1,200 sq m of land, and KRC has already sanctioned funds amounting to Rs 9.5 cr for the project, sources said.As the new station is located near the existing manned level crossing near Dicarpale, KRC plans to close down the level crossing and construct a flyover so as to facilitate smooth movement of vehicular traffic.KRC has also written to the state government requesting to hand over 3,530 sq m of land, which is already in the latter's possession, to facilitate construction of additional 2-3 platforms on the Aquem-side of the Margao railway station, besides an additional booking counter towards the Aquem end. Currently, Margao station has three platforms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17486682", "title": "Interview for 12 Magadh University college principals from Dec 11", "text": "PATNA: The interview for the selection of principals of 12 constituent colleges of Magadh University will be held between December 11 to 16. The decision has been taken following the Patna high court directive to the university in this regard.According to an MU official, the number of candidates would be more than 300 for the 12 vacant posts. The university would strictly follow the norms prescribed by the UGC and chancellor's office. The interviews will be video recorded to maintain transparency in the selection process, he said.CCTV installed: College of Commerce has started the process of installing close circuit cameras (CCTVs) in each classroom and department of the college. This step has been taken with a view to further improving the academic ambience on the college campus, said college principal P K Verma.According to Verma, the college has also launched a drive to maintain cleanliness on the campus and the vocational courses departments of the college had been entrusted with the task to ensure cleanliness on the campus. Besides, the college has fixed December 8 as the last date for admission to PG courses, he said adding the college is imparting PG teaching in 14 subjects now.National seminar: B D College will hold a national seminar on philosophy from December 7. The seminar is being held under the aegis of Bihar Darshan Parishad. Hundreds of academics, including noted scholar and a retired teacher of Delhi University S R Bhatt, would participate in the seminar, said college principal B N Ojha. According to Ojha, while MU vice-chancellor Arun Kumar will inaugurate the seminar, director, higher education, S R Singh will also grace the occasion.Lecture series: Arvind Mahila College is organizing a series of lectures on various topics from December 6 for the benefit of teachers and the students. \"The purpose of these lectures would be not only to bring about all round development but to infuse a sense of responsibility and commitment towards their goal in life too,\" said college principal Asha Singh.Disabled day: J D Women's College observed World Disabled Day on the college campus on Monday. The college and government school girls with disabilities attended the programme. Five girls of the college were given tricycles by an NGO on the occasion. State minority welfare department minister Sahid Ali Khan announced that the government would give a sum of Rs2,000 each to the college girls with disabilities, said college principal Usha Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "loba (dubrajpur)", "code": "17486914", "title": "CM snubbed on surprise trip to land battleground", "text": "LOBA (DUBRAJPUR): Twice, Mamata Banerjee asked the gathering: \"Do you believe me?\" Twice, Loba answered with a stony silence. After pausing for a good few seconds, Mamata finally said on her own: \"Trust me. I can sacrifice my life for the sake of agricultural land... \" Still the crowd remained silent.Mamata held out compensation cheques for six victims of the November 6 clash with police, but no one walked up to accept them. Having sensed the mood by then, she said she was leaving the cheques with the superintendent of police.Loba \u00e2\u20ac\u201d one of the latest anti-acquisition epicenters to rattle the Mamata government \u00e2\u20ac\u201d virtually snubbed the chief minister on Tuesday, and not just because she was visiting them an entire month after police allegedly fired on villagers. Ayear ago, the crowd would have responded with a resounding 'yes' to Mamata's call of faith but not this time. The spontaneity was entirely missing, though Trinamool organizers pointed to the huge turnout to claim success.Mamata was not scheduled to visit Loba. Till Tuesday morning, all of Loba knew the dais was being prepared for Mukul Roy, some 500metres from the earthmover that was at the centre of the November 6 clash. Around 1.45pm, there was a sudden flurry of activity. Mamata was coming . \"I received a phone call from a Trinamool minister informing me of the CM's visit. We had no prior intimation . We decided to continue our dharna at Suri (50km from Loba). The villagers who came to Suri from Loba did not attend the CM's meeting,\" said Jaidip Mazumdar, secretary of Loba Krishijami Raksha Committee.The committee was holding a protest in front of the Suri DM's office when Mamata's convoy sped past. Apart from PDS leader Samir Putatunda, district level leaders of BJP, Congress, SUCI and a local tribal organization were at the rally. \"Since it was a Trinamool party meeting we decided that no committee member would share the dais at Loba ,\" said Mazumdar.The CM reached Loba, in Birbhum district, at 4.45pm and her convoy drove straight to the dais, past the KJRC 'dharna mancha' set up two years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17483877", "title": "Girl returned home in tears, confided in mother", "text": "BANGALORE: Monday's sexual assault on a five-year-old kindergarten student came to light after she returned home from school in tears. The mother suspected the child was ill and took her to a nearby hospital. At the hospital, the mother realized her daughter had been sexually abused.When probed further, the girl described the culprit to her mother. She gave two names: Sabanna and Sunil. The mother rushed to the St Sophia's School, a private institution in Nagarabhavi, and complained to officials. It turned out that Sabanna, a schoolbus attendant, was missing from the school.The child's father was away in New Delhi on a business trip.It's alleged that the school authorities tried to play down the incident. The mother immediately went to the police station and filed a complaint.The police launched a manhunt for Sabanna. The attendant and his family were not at home.On a tip-off from the school authorities, police on Tuesday afternoon picked up Sabanna from Vani Vilas Hospital, where he was visiting a relative. The victim was made to undergo tests at a hospital on Mysore Road.\"After interrogation, he will be produced before court,\" said deputy commissioner of police (west) DC Rajappa.A native of Gulbarga district, Sabanna is married and has two children. He has been working with the school for the past few months. The driver and attendant of the lone schoolbus are employed by the management.School speakThe girl's parents had once complained to us that a boy was touching her at inappropriate places. So we made arrangements to ensure that the boy never came near her. On Monday evening, at around 5.30, the girl's mother came to us again and told us that 'some uncle was touching her' and that we should talk to him. The parents were expected to come in the morning. By the time the school bell rang, there was already a mob outside. The parents didn't want to file a police complaint. They just wanted to warn the attendant. But there was a mob outside, and the media were there, and I insisted they file a police complaint,\" said BK Yogesh, principal, St Sophia's School, Papareddy Palya.St Sophia's School is a state board school and runs classes from kindergarten up to class X.Times ViewCrime against children is on the rise in towns and big cities. That they are vulnerable and voiceless makes them perfect targets for perverted criminals. When a child suffers a violent attack, a society suffers. Which is why it is imperative for not only parents but also schools to understand that the safety of their wards is paramount. In an age where the communication gap between parents and kids is increasing, it is important that parents listen to their children and educate them so that such incidents are pre-empted . The onus is on schools to ensure a safe campus and also to report any untoward incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17484225", "title": "Corrosion costs India Rs 2 lakh crore loss a year", "text": "VADODARA: Do you know that Rs two lakh crore worth losses are incurred due to corrosion of steel every year in India? Or, that corrosion leads to losses worth US $one trillion in the United States alone?Speakers at an international conference - 'Corrosion in Infrastructure and Chemical Industries (CICI 2012) - will deliberate on the measures to check losses due to corrosion.The Institute of Technology and Management (ITM) Universe , Vadodara will be organizing CICI 2012 in association with the India chapter of American Society of Metals International, Gateway India chapter of the National Association of Corrosion Engineers International and Gujarat Technological University between December 6 and December 8 at ITM's campus on Halol highway.\"Most developed nations can save up to four per cent of their national gross domestic product ( GDP ) loss, which is incurred due to corrosion. In a country like ours where the total losses incurred due to corrosion is Rs two lakh crore every year, even if we save 10 per cent corrosion through regular maintenance, Rs 20,000 crore can be saved,\" Ravindra Singh Rathore, managing director of ITM Universe, Vadodara said here on Tuesday while addressing mediapersons.\"Globally, corrosion results in loss of 25,000 tonne of steel every minute,\" professor K Baba Pai, ITM Universe's director said, adding that the international conference will see participation of delegates from Russia, France, Korea, United States and Ukraine.\"Indian delegates will be from industries, research laboratories and academic institutes which includes IITs and NITs, refineries and institutes like BARC and Nuclear Power Corporation among others,\" said Pai, adding the conference will be inaugurated by Chhattisgarh Governor Shekhar Dutt on Thursday.Over 70 technical papers will be presented during the conference that will be attended by over 250 delegates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17489330", "title": "Narain's next a bilingual", "text": "Narain, the 'Anjathey' and 'Pallikoodam' actor, was last seen in Tamil conema playing the villain in Jiiva starrer 'Mugamoodi' directed by Mysskin. Narain is ready with his next and will play the lead role in a Tamil-Telugu bilingual to be directed by Vasan, who is a former associate to popular director S J Suryah.It is said that the movie is a breezy love story and Narain has given some inputs to the script , since Vasan is one of his close friend. The shooting for the movie is expected to start some time early next year as Narain is currently busy shooting for a string of Malayalam movies.The film is touted to be a commercial entertainer and will also be Narain's first so-called mass film. Meanwhile, Narain has five Malayalam films at hand to be completed before the bilingual film starts rolling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17484770", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcKaifi Aur Main\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 wows Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: It was perhaps the names - Shabana Azmi and Javed Akhtar - that pulled Hyderabadis to the stands of Shilpakala Vedika on Tuesday evening, which was seen teeming with theatre enthusiasts on Day 3 of the Times Hyderabad Festival. Predictably, the joys of the audience knew no bounds when the two took to the stage, donning the roles of Shaukat Azmi and Kaifi Azmi, and played with unmatched grace the 'leads' of Ramesh Talwar's globally acclaimed act Kaifi Aur Main.Ornamentally penned by Akhtar himself, the exceaedingly humorous yet thought-provoking script, coupled with the finesse of the two living legends of theatre, infused life into the narrative that gradually progressed from the days of 'Comrade' Kaifi, and flowed into the glorious years of Bollywood's reputed lyricist Kaifi sahaab. The undertone of the story, however, was firmly rooted in the 'filmy' romance that blossomed between Kaifi and Shaukat at a mushaira in Lucknow and culminated in nikah at a fellow comrade's house in Mumbai (then Bombay). The sensuousness of the letters exchanged between the two during their time away from each other, the dramatic journey that Shaukat undertook to realise the depth of her fondness for Kaifi and the highs and lows of the next half century that they lived together until death did them apart, were portrayed with such precision by the artists that it left the audience enticed. The sound of wah wah was heard reverberating through the jam-packed rows of the auditorium every time Akhtar recited a piece of poetry penned by Kaifi during his lifetime and commendably woven in to the 120-minute play. If some spoke of unconditional love, some others lent voice to the neglected aurat. There were also those dripping with patriotism among the youth of post-independent India (the era when the play begins), fighting to free their motherland.But if the readings formed the body of the act, it's the mellifluous renditions of Jaswinder Singh that gave it a heart. The nazakat of his voice that crooned some of Azmi's sahaab's popular pieces of art turned the entire show into a magical experience for the gathering. In complete silence, the audience listened on as Singh started with Itna Toh Zindagi Mein and moved on to Jhuki Jhuki Si Nazar and Waqt Ne Kiya Kya Haseen Sitam, mapping Kaifi's story through the eyes of his dear wife Shaukat and narrated by his daughter and son-in-law.\"It was much more than theatre,\" a member from among the audience was heard saying on her way out from the hall. Echoing the same thought was Srinivas M who couldn't stop showering praises on the star cast and their accompanist, Singh. The evening ended, as was predicted, with a standing ovation and a loud round of cheering, even as Kaifi Azmi, from the confines of the sombre frame donning the stage, looked on pleasingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17485378", "title": "Over 36 Lucknow University students not allowed to appear in exam", "text": "LUCKNOW: More than three dozen students belonging to different colleges of Lucknow University (LU) were not allowed to appear in the examinations on the grounds that they did not qualify the first year exams.These third semester students pursuing MSc zoology, MSc chemistry and MCom from Lucknow Christian College and Shia PG College have failed in one subject each in first and second semester.Citing the earlier arrangements, where a student holding one back in each semester was allowed taking the third semester examination, these students on Tuesday gave a representation to LU vice-chancellor GB Patnaik.Following this, a meeting of the officials concerned was held with the V-C.Citing rules and regulations, the university did not allow these students to appear in the examinations.Controller of examination Aqil Ahmad said: \"As per the rules and regulations, a student who fails in one subject in first year is allowed to appear in the exam but those failing in more than one subject cannot be permitted. In the first place, the college should not have given admission to these students in third semester.''The college authorities said that in the past, the university had allowed the students, who have failed in two subjects, one each in first and second semester to take part in the examinations.The onus of disqualifying students of any semester from taking the examinations lies with the university.The university authorities should consider the decision again in the interest of the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17484097", "title": "Security strengthened in Red zone", "text": "KORAPUT: Security personnel have intensified anti-Maoist operations in Narayanpatna and Bandhugaon areas of Koraput district with the Red rebels observing People's Liberation Guerilla Army (PLGA) week from December 2.\"A massive operation has been launched in Narayanpatna. We cannot divulge details for security,\" said SP (Koraput) Awinash Kumar, who is camping in Narayanpatna since Monday. Earlier, DIG (south-west range) S Debdutta Singh had assessed the security arrangements at Narayanpatna on Monday.The combing operation, which was launched on Monday after police gathered vital information regarding presence of top Maoists in the dense forests of Narayanpatna that borders Andhra Pradesh, continued on Tuesday with new batches of force being airlifted to Narayanpatna. Given its geographical location, Narayanpatna is considered a Maoist stronghold and the Red rebels are trying to convert it into a 'liberated zone'.Police said special teams, including SOG, BSF, Odisha police and the elite anti-Maoist Greyhound personnel from Andhra Pradesh, have encircled the forest areas of Narayanpatna.However, unlike previous years when Maoists put up banners and posters urging people to cooperate during the PLGA week, this year no Red banner or poster is found in Narayanpatna. Sources said the heavy deployment of security forces might have deterred Maoists from putting up posters and banners.Meanwhile, traffic remains affected in Maoist-hit areas of Koraput, Malkangiri and Rayagada districts for the third day on Tuesday due to the PLGA week. Sources said buses have stayed off roads at Kalimela and Motu in Malkangiri district and inter-state bus services from Narayanpatna to Parvatipur in Andhra Pradesh also remained suspended.\"At present, the situation is under control and no Maoist offensive has been reported. Forces are on maximum alert and counter-insurgency operations have been intensified,\" said SP (Malkangiri) Akhileswar Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17485596", "title": "Boy thrown out of moving train in Rohtak, 2 held", "text": "ROHTAK: A 17-year-old boy was flung out of a running train by two persons after a tiff near Kharanthi-Samargopalpur village on Rohtak-Jind rail section on Monday night.Government railway police have arrested both the accused - Rahul, 19, an ITI student and son of Ajit Kumar of Jind, and his friend Rahul, son of Subhash, from Petwad village - who were overpowered by the passengers and handed over to the cops at Jind railway station on Tuesday morning. The victim, Anish Kumar, 17, a migrant labourer, is undergoing treatment at PGIMS, Rohtak.Anil and his family were travelling in Awadh-Assam train when the duo picked up a fight with them near Samargopalpur village. Following the fight, the duo pushed Anil out of the moving train. A relative of the victim raised an alarm and managed to overpower the duo with the help of fellow passengers and handed them over to GRP at Jind railway station.Later, a police team rescued the victim and admitted him in PGIMS. GRP official Snehi Raj said the accused were booked under Section 307 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "17486609", "title": "Village panel secy denies cellphone ban for girls, women", "text": "KISHANGANJ: With the Khap-like diktat banning the use of cellphone across Sunderbari panchayat in Kochadhaman block in Kishanganj district by the girls sending shock waves among the people here, the district administration has taken a very serious view of such an 'unlawful diktat'.Kishanganj DM Sandeep Kumar R Pudakalkatti, talking to TOI on Tuesday said civil SDO Kanwal Tanuj had been asked to inquire into the entire gamut of the villagers' diktat. \"The SDO is likely to submit the report in a day or two,\" the DM said.Meanwhile, Kochadhaman BDO Sanjay Kumar and SHO Chitranjan Thakur visited village Tupamari, where the villagers had met and decided on inflicting penalties on those girls and married women who used cellphones publicly. Social Consultative Committee president Manwar Alam and secretary Javed Iqbal, who had displayed strange bravado and made a strong pitch for such a ban on Monday, appeared to be on their backfoot. \"We had only discussed how the use of cellphones by young girls vitiated the atmosphere in villages under Sunderbari panchayat as it often led to elopement of girls and spurt in crimes like rape and others,\" said Javed Iqbal, secretary, Social Consultative Committee on Tuesday.Contrary to what he had spoken vociferously to TOI on Monday, Alam, president, said, \"We never talked about imposition of fine of any kind on girls and married women who used cellphones.\"Meanwhile, several women organizations have come out into the open decrying such undemocratic and unlawful diktat. NGO Rahat secretary Farzana Begum said such a ban was an infringement on women's right. She asked, \"Who had given them such a right to impose fine on girls and women for using cellphones?\"Women Helpline project officer Mamata Kumari said the villagers tended to undermine the self-esteem of the girls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "praveen halappanavar still stands by his account of events that led to the death of his wife dr savita halappanavar on october 28 in the university hospital galway following complications arising out of a miscarriage. this follows media reports of an irish times journalist who has defended her reporting of the case while admitting that the sequence of the events may have been \"muddled\". the journalist kitty holland told a radio station she reported what praveen told her and will await the official inquiry report. praveen's solicitor gerard o'donnell told toi over phone from galway that the husband certainly stands by what he's been saying since her death though medical records don't have any mention of his request for medical termination of pregnancy. there were three requests by him and one in the presence of an independent witness, said o'donnell. hundreds of pro-life campaigners have seized this twist in the case and protested outside the lower house of parliament, claiming the irish times story could lead to legalisation of abortion in ireland. when asked about alleged discrepancies about when savita was given antibiotics, ms holland told newstalk radio programme 'coleman at large'", "code": "17486270", "title": "Praveen stands by account of death", "text": "Praveen Halappanavar still stands by his account of events that led to the death of his wife Dr Savita Halappanavar on October 28 in the University Hospital Galway following complications arising out of a miscarriage. This follows media reports of an Irish Times journalist who has defended her reporting of the case while admitting that the sequence of the events may have been \"muddled\". The journalist Kitty Holland told a radio station she reported what Praveen told her and will await the official inquiry report. Praveen's solicitor Gerard O'Donnell told TOI over phone from Galway that the husband certainly stands by what he's been saying since her death though medical records don't have any mention of his request for medical termination of pregnancy. There were three requests by him and one in the presence of an independent witness, said O'Donnell. Hundreds of pro-life campaigners have seized this twist in the case and protested outside the lower house of Parliament, claiming the Irish Times story could lead to legalisation of abortion in Ireland. When asked about alleged discrepancies about when Savita was given antibiotics, Ms Holland told Newstalk radio programme 'Coleman at Large': \"All one can surmise is that his (Praveen's) recollection of events - the actual timeline and days - may be a little muddled.\" She was reported on the RTE website on Monday as saying Praveen is \"a credible witness\". O'Donnell said, \"We'd like a public inquiry where we can cross-examine Savita's doctors and nursing staff under oath. Only then can we hope to get a correct picture of what exactly happened.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17486714", "title": "Banaras Hindu University's Rajendra gets 1st prize at maths meet", "text": "PATNA: Rajendra Prasad of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) was on Tuesday awarded the first prize for his paper presented at the two-day 28th annual conference of Mathematical Society-Banaras Hindu University (MS-BHU) on 'Recent trends in Mathematical Analysis and Modelling', organized by the department of applied mathematics of Birla Institute of Technology Patna (BITP). He was closely followed by Saurav Agrawal of IIT-BHU.The two-day conference fostered exchange of new thoughts and ideas in different areas of scientific analysis and modelling. BITP director S L Gupta, deputy director S P Lal and MS-BHU president A K Singh were present on the occasion.Loyola High School:The annual sports meet - 2012 of Loyola High School is being organized on the school campus on December 9. Patna divisional commissioner E Bala Prasad will inaugurate the event as the chief guest while Human Rights and Legal Affairs DIG Ravindra Shankaran will be the guest of honour.IIT fest:Applications from colleges across the country have been invited for registration for the Spring Fest 2013, an annual social and cultural event of IIT-Kharagpur, to be held on its Kharagpur campus from January 23 to 26, 2013.The fest will host more than 60 events including street plays, conferences and nationwide rock band competition 'Wildfire'. While a number of students from IIT-Patna are expected to participate in the event, students from other colleges of Patna can also enrol themselves to join the event by visiting 2013.springfest.in.J D Women's College:National Service Scheme volunteers of Patna's J D Women's College on Tuesday formed a human chain near their campus to sensitize people about AIDS. They also distributed pamphlets and displayed placards to spread awareness about prevention of AIDS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17485837", "title": "Underpass flurry sparks Bypass bother", "text": "KOLKATA: Brace for a traffic shock on Wednesday. Negotiating the vital Parama Island on EM Bypass will be a nightmare for the rest of the month and well into the New Year because a crucial part of the Park Circus-EM Bypass connector will be closed to traffic because chief minister Mamata Banerjee wants the EM Bypass subway completed by mid-January.Traffic will not be allowed to flow directly through a stretch between Park Circus Connector and Parama Island. Cars and other vehicles coming or going towards Parama Island will be diverted along a narrow service road in front of Science City. The service road, in fact, will be the sole access between Park Circus connector and Parama Island till mid-January. That's when construction of the subway across Science City and Milan Mela will be completed.In August this year, KMDA began construction of two underpasses across the Bypass, keeping an end-January deadline in mind. Both the subways - one between Science City and Milan Mela and another connecting Energy Park and Science City - were scheduled to be completed ahead of the 37th Kolkata Book Fair. But work for the underpass between Energy Park and Science City couldn't begin as CESC failed to shift a 132-KV underground cable.Construction of the subway connecting Milan Mela and Science City began on time, but the project came to a halt in October as rainwater seeped through. The erratic monsoon made things even more difficult. \"The untimely rain inundated the sump we had excavated and the deadline naturally went haywire,\" Vivek Bharadwaj, chief executive officer, KMDA, said on Tuesday. \"But we will manage to meet the deadline now that the main road has been closed to traffic,\" he added.\"We should be able to complete the subway between Science City and Milan Mela in a month's time,\" urban development minister Firhad Hakim said, adding, \"The subway construction will be over in the first week of January and traffic will then be allowed to ply normally between Park Circus Connector and Parama Island. People will have to bear with the inconvenience for a month.\"The minister is looking to inaugurate the subway on January 12, precisely a fortnight before the book fair. \"Since the connector is an important thoroughfare, we couldn't have possibly closed it entirely. The service road in front of Science City has come handy as traffic on the eastern side will be diverted towards it,\" said Bharadwaj.The subways are an important component of the Park Circus-Parama Island flyover as two transit corridors for pedestrians. KMDA intends to finish construction of the underpass between Science City and Milan Mela ground so that it could be useful during the book fair. City traffic managers would heave a sigh of relief at that. The 55-metre-long underpass will end the woes of pedestrians who dread crossing the connector or the Bypass itself where vehicles ply at high speeds.Development projects are giving commuters a hard time across the city. While AJC Bose Road is still suffering the pangs of a much-delayed ramp project, large stretches of roads have been barricaded off for the Metro projects. Also, the beautification of median dividers eats into half a lane on several roads. The authorities say these projects will change the way Kolkata looks and commutes and that commuters will stand to gain immensely when it's all done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17485529", "title": "Shaheed Path paves way for development boom", "text": "LUCKNOW: The turn of the century was a watershed year on Lucknow's development calendar. That was the time when the city's old master plan, drafted in 1992, was losing its relevance. The Old City was bursting at the seams and even newer areas like Gomtinagar were fast approaching the saturation point. Lucknow was waiting for a new plan to tackle the population boom - triggered by steady influx of immigrants from eastern UP and Bihar -- it was already witnessing. Then in 2001, a city road project -- Shaheed Path - crossed the moorings of the conceptual stage. Nobody then would have imagined that it would become the new artery of the city of nawabs in another 10 years around which all major development projects would be positioned.More than anything else, the project proved to be the foundation of changing government priorities and the way they would be executed -- be it housing or development of city's infrastructure like roads, bridges and even parks. \"That was the genesis of all future development in this part of the city,'' recalled former vice-chairman of Lucknow Development Authority (LDA), Diwakar Tripathi, while referring to the areas around the four national highways - Faizabad Road, Sultanpur Toad, Rae Bareli Road and the Kanpur Road, connected by Shaheed Path. The 23-km stretch was, otherwise, supposed to be part of a ring road drafted in the master plan. But a deft move of the then state government pushed the project, into the hands of National Highway Authority of India (NHAI), which developed the stretch as part of the golden quadrilateral project, often referred to as the dream project of former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee .In the new master plan that came out in 2005, the area beyond Gomtinagar stretching between Faizabad Road and Kanpur Road was tuned in as the new hub of development. The plan defined the way development had to be undertaken in the area. As on date, a land bank of more than 12,000 acres has been created around Shaheed Path alone, with the help of private developers who are engaged in development of hi-tech and integrated cities. While Ansal API has already structured a hi-tech city on a 3,500 areas and seeks to acquire another 3,500 acres, another player, Garv Buildtech is gearing up to come up with a similar project on Rae Bareli Road. The developer has already got a detailed project report successfully submitted with the state government.The Sultanpur national highway would also witness a host of integrated townships. Developers are in the process of acquiring an area of around 150 to 500 acres each to set up integrated townships on the stretch. Some of the developers which are vying for the land include ANS constructions, EMAAR-MGF, MTECH constructions and Rohtas. Integrated townships are also proposed to come up on Hardoi Road bypass and Faizabad Road.This is apart the 6,000 acres of land on which the Gomtinagar Extension is situated. A former bureaucrat recalled that the land acquisition process for Gomtinagar extension started just around the time Shaheed Path was conceptualized. It was rather an off-shoot of the highway project,'' he said.In fact, housing projects became the nucleus of all development activities in the city. While LDA and UP Housing and Development Board (UPHDB) sustained themselves on government funds, city's housing needs were left to be catered to mostly by private developers, who of late have been coming up with some of the most expensive units costing as high as Rs 3 crore. President of UP chapter of Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India (CREDAI), SK Garg, agrees to the fact that developers need to focus on affordable housing. For that the state government should think of providing incentives to developers as well,'' he said. Garg said that while the development of Lucknow has been projected to a new height, there are some of the issues like cropping up of unauthorized societies, which need immediate attention.Apart the housing projects, the state government has been coming up with vast plans, which if adhered to on a time scale would certainly catapult the city into the league of top class metros. If the 30 acre IT park on Kanpur Road was proposed during the regime of Mayawati government, the present Akhilesh Yadav government has come up with an IT City project over an area of 150 acres on Sultanpur Road. Promoted to boost the IT industry in the city, the project envisages attracting IT companies that would, to an extent, help check the brain drain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17485689", "title": "Now, reshuffle of bureaucracy: 16 transferred", "text": "PANAJI: Sandhya Kamat, deputy collector and sub-divisional magistrate, Quepem, has been promoted and posted as chief officer, Margao municipal council, in an order that also transferred 15 other officers from the selection/senior scale.Damodar Shanke has been transferred as additional inspector of prisons and the present incumbent, Margaret Fernandes, has been transferred as officer on special duty, analysis, research and data, commercial taxes. P K Velip Kankar, secretary, Goa state information commission, has been transferred as additional collector-I, North Goa, and M K Vasta, custodian of evacuee property, has been transferred as secretary, Goa state information commission.Shabari Majrekar, director of civil supplies and consumer affairs, has been transferred as additional director of Panchayats-II, while Vikas Gaunekar, assistant commissioner of commercial taxes, has been promoted as director of civil supplies.Anthony D'Souza, under-secretary to minister for urban development, has been promoted to the upgraded post of under-secretary to minister for urban development. Srinet Kotwale, chief officer of the Margao municipal council has been transferred as general manager (DIC), director of industries, trade and commerce. Raju Gawas, under-secretary (public grievances) has been promoted as director (administration), directorate of health services.B S Kudalkar, director (administration), directorate of health services, has been promoted as director of small savings and lotteries, Meghanath Porob, general manager (DIC), department of trade, industries and commerce has been transferred as custodian of evacuee property. L S Pereira, additional director of Panchayats-II has been transferred as managing director, Goa co-operative marketing and supply federation. Deepali Naik, deputy collector and DRO, South, has been promoted as additional collector-II, South Margao.Y B Tavde, additional collector-II, South, Margao has been promoted as project director, district rural development agency, South with additional charge of member secretary, Ravindra Bhavan. Madhura Naik, deputy director (administration), PWD has been promoted as secretary, Goa state election commission.In another order, the government has promoted on an ad-hoc basis the following officers in the junior scale of Goa civil service to senior scale. These are Madhura Naik, Vikas Gaunekar, Deepale Naik, Raju Gawas, Anthony D'Souza and Sandhya Kamat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17484840", "title": "Four patients die in ICU of city trauma centre as oxygen fails", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hours before a mega drill began across the capital to check the city's preparedness for medical emergencies, four patients in the ICU of the state-run Sushruta Trauma Centre in north Delhi died because the oxygen supply suddenly stopped.The trauma centre was established in 1998 to provide critical care to victims of serious accidents.But what happened on Tuesday was critical failure due to sheer negligence. The alarm indicating oxygen supply shutdown went off at 6.40am but the supply could not be restored for 30 minutes \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a delay that allegedly led to the death of four of the five patients in the ICU at that time.The prolonged shutdown happened despite the administration being fully aware of the problem \u00e2\u20ac\u201d since it had been recurring for the past few days. In a shocking admission, hospital medical superintendent, Dr Richa Dewan, said there was a single, untrained person to manage the oxygen supply in violation of the agreement between the hospital and supplier.\"We have outsourced the gas manifold system to a private contractor which is responsible for maintenance and supervision. As per the contract, there should be at least one technician and a helper but on Monday there was only one person who was not trained to manage oxygen supply,\" said Dr Dewan.'Malfunction had been on for many days'Dr Dewan revealed other glaring mistakes in the way oxygen was being supplied.\"The manifold system has two sets of oxygen units consisting of 11 and 10 cylinders. When one set is finished the other automatically resumes supply. But in this case, the technician was running one cylinder at a time which led to the malfunction,\" she said, adding that the hospital had registered a police case in the matter. The hospital pays close to Rs 1.5 lakh monthly to the private contractor managing the gas manifold system for maintenance and salary of the technical staff.However, the city's medical community felt the hospital too had to take responsibility for the failure, since there was no back up arrangement for oxygen supply.Dr M C Misra, chief of the AIIMS trauma centre, said deaths due to oxygen supply failure in an ICU setting was unheard of. \"Usually there is enough back-up and even if that fails we have ambu-bags to give the patient oxygen support temporarily,\" said Misra.\"This is a complete failure of administration. One cannot get away by blaming the technician. Those responsible must be punished appropriately,\" said Dr Sushil Sharma, senior orthopedic surgeon at a private hospital.\"There were five patients in the ICU. Of these, Rihana, Javed, Rajkumari and an unidentified man (36 years old) brought by the police died within minutes of the oxygen supply being stopped.Vikram, another head injury patient, was resuscitated by the attending nurse but his condition is still critical,\" said a source. He added that the ventilator alarm went off as the oxygen levels reduced. \"I rushed to the ICU on hearing the sound and but the nurse did not let me inside. A few hours later I was informed about my mother's death,\" said Golu, the eldest son of Rajkumari.According to sources, failure in oxygen supply at the trauma centre had been going on for several days. \"At 3am on Tuesday, three hours before the incident took place, another surgery was interrupted due to lack of oxygen supply. We first called the technician and then an OT technician was rushed,\" said a doctor.The families of victims kept protesting outside the hospital all day but they claimed not a single doctor came forward to explain matters. State health minister A K Walia said an FIR is being lodged against the technician who was operating the gas manifold system and a three-member committee headed by special secretary S B Sashank has been formed to investigate the matter. \"The enquiry would look into the causes of the incident and would also suggest measures to avoid recurrence of such incidents,\" said Walia.He added that the committee has been directed to submit its report within three days. On Wednesday, Walia has called medical superintendents of state-run hospitals for a review meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17484249", "title": "Sursagar raises a stink again", "text": "VADODARA: With reports of foul smell emanating from Sursagar again, Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) has been forced to look into the possibility of sewage water entering the pond. The civic body had earlier conducted a major drive to ensure that drainage water did not flow into the water body.Engineers of the civic body have been extensively checking drainage lines and possibility of illegal drainage connections being joined into storm water drains around Sursagar. But the efforts have not borne any fruits so far as no leakage or opening of gutters has been identified in the pond.The issue of Sursagar raising a stink arose again before Diwali. While the smell was not as foul as it was last summer when the VMC was forced to take up work on a priority basis, the general observation was that the pond had started emanating foul smell again. VMC officials said that the only reason for this could be drainage or organic material being disposed off in the water body.The engineers are for now ruling out the possibility of storm water drains leading to the situation. \"The two openings of the storm water outlets into the pond have been closed since quite some time now. It is difficult to believe that these may be responsible for the situation ,\" said an official. But he added that when they visited the pond on Monday morning, there was no smell.VMC deputy municipal commissioner R K Sugoor said the move had been taken up as a preventive measure. \"We were getting reports that some drains were still being released into Sursagar. The engineers have been asked to ensure that this does not happen. We want to ensure that whatever we have done in the past is not undone and hence are being cautious,\" he said.The VMC has already given an annual contract for cleaning of Sursagar and is examining various options to ensure that it becomes a live water body again. It is also looking into the possibility of developing the pond for recreation purposes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17484119", "title": "Probe panel on FB prank in college", "text": "INDORE: A probe panel of Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Medical College (MGMMC) on Tuesday took statements from the accused student and the college-girl who had lodged a complaint with the women's helpline 'We care you' regarding a fake Facebook profile carrying obscene pictures in her name.The probe panel included Dr Sanjay Dixit, Dr Sumit Shukla, Dr C.V Kulkarni and others who took statements from both the parties to submit its report in coming days. The report will be submitted to the dean of the medical college for appropriate action against the guilty if allegations are proved.The police had also requested for a detailed report from Facebook on the issue. The case was reported to the cyber crime cell few days ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17485818", "title": "IndiGo gears up for first int'l takeoff from Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: In a bid to increase business, low-cost private carrier IndiGo Airlines is evaluating flights from Kolkata to Singapore and Dubai next year even as it braces up for the flight to Bangkok on December 21.Speaking to TOI, IndiGo president Aditya Ghosh said, the airline had applied for rights to fly from Kolkata to Singapore and Dubai.\"We definitely want to connect the two destinations but are not sure of the date. The application for Kolkata-Bangkok-Kolkata flight was made a long time ago but the nod came only recently,\" he said.IndiGo forayed into international skies nearly a year ago and currently flies to Bangkok, Singapore, Dubai, Muscat and Kathmandu from Delhi and Mumbai. The Bangkok flight will be the first from Kolkata. While the all-inclusive introductory return fare on the sector will be Rs 9,009 (Thai Baht 4,917), Ghosh said the airline would strive to keep the return fare within Rs 10,000.He said the carrier would continue to focus on Kolkata, one of its largest stations with 35 daily departures and connections to 21 cities.\"The new flight to Bangkok is in line with our growth strategy. There are strong trade and tourism ties between eastern region of India and Thailand and travellers have requirements of low fares by an Indian airline. With increase in business and leisure traffic on the sector, IndiGo will provide the best travel experience at affordable fares,\" Ghosh said.The airline official said the domestic market would continue to be its priority. \"We want to introduce a flight on the Kolkata-Bagdogra sector. That's a route we have been wanting to service for some time,\" he said.Nationally, 85% of the airline's capacity services the domestic sector. IndiGo will end the year with 373 daily flights to 33 destinations using its fleet of 61 Airbus A320 aircraft. That makes it India's biggest carrier with a market share of 27.8%, followed by Jet Airways with 24% and SpiceJet and Air India each with 20% market share.Attributing the high fares in the market to shortage of planes following the grounding of Kingfisher Airlines , Ghosh said IndiGo was able to remain affordable as its high aircraft order book provided the required flexibility. While the airline had 48 aircraft in December 2011, it will have 71 aircraft in December 2012.\"Over the next two years, we will take delivery of 30 aircraft. Simultaneously, some aircraft will exit so that the fleet age remains low. This keeps operation costs low and enables better turnaround time as snags are less likely,\" he pointed out. While the carrier has less than 100 persons per aircraft on its rolls, the figure ranges from 125 to 400 in the industry.Also, unlike competitors, the airline has managed to remain in the black as employees use small offices and ordinary cars. \"Our focus is on a clean neat airline that provides on-time service at affordable pricesSo while we pay same airport charges, fuel and salary, we have not had to cut salaries, freeze hikes and retrench people,\" Ghosh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17484290", "title": "BSNL restores connectivity to 1,000 lines", "text": "NASHIK: The Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL), which restored all the thousand-odd telephone lines snapped during a digging work at Dwarka junction, has demanded a compensation of Rs 1.88 lakh from the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) for keeping it in the dark about the digging work.While NHAI officials claimed that it had given all service providers standing instruction to clear their lines from the areas, BSNL officials have claimed that NHAI actually failed to give layout of their plans of construction of subway at Hotel Dwarka-end at Dwarka Circle that resulted in snapping of the telecommunications lines.\"How was it possible for the BSNL to carryout shifting of lines near Hotel Sunflower, police check post and Maruti Mandir end at Dwarka Circle without affecting the services for more than 15 hours every time and without earthmovers snapping live connections?\" questioned a senior telecom official, when told about the statement of NHAI officials about standing instructions given to them.\"Our officials are in contact with the officials of NHAI. On three occasions we were given layout of the subway and at the same time, the time-line when the activities would begin. The earthmovers dug up the earth and snapped nearly 1,400 pairs capacity lines along with optical fibre cable bringing down the telecommunication powered by BSNL in the area. Why did they fail to give us the layout?\" the official questioned fuming.The snapped lines, which had affected about a thousand connections, were restored on Tuesday afternoon after 48 hours of the break down. The BSNL has already demanded reimbursement of Rs 1.88 lakh from NHAI.The BSNL officials also pointed out that in the past too NHAI had been doing the things abruptly despite numerous representation from the BSNL. Every time a complaint was made to the NHAI they would only call up an official of the contractor and close down the matter. It was after the intervention of earlier general manager MK Jain in the issue that the things began to change a bit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17485422", "title": "Punjab Engineering College campus to be vehicle-free", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you are one of those who like to drive on the Punjab Engineering College (PEC) campus, be prepared to stop zipping through those sylvan surroundings from January 14, 2013. Vehicles will be gradually phased out of the campus from that date.In a meeting held on Tuesday, senior PEC functionaries decided to make the campus vehicle-free. Officials present at the crucial meet included director, chairman of estate and works, estate officer, dean, students' welfare (DSW), officer in-charge of security and convener of the students' council. The decision will be implemented in three phases, with phase one starting on January 14, 2013.In this phase, a few zones will be made vehicle-free and temporary parking areas will be provided between 7am and 5.30pm.The vehicle-free zone will include the road from PEC market covering Verka Block, metallurgical parking, student cafe to the Sehaj Safai Kendra and the road in front of the auditorium.Parking areas will also be restricted to prevent chaos. Students will be required to park their two-wheelers in the area parallel to the outer boundary wall inside the institute football ground.Final phase will see permanent student parking areasTwo-wheelers will be allowed to enter and exit the campus only from Gate No 1 while four-wheeler parking for students would be earmarked in the area next to the basketball court.Gate No 3 will be the entry and exit point for four-wheelers. Other parking areas will be restricted to faculty, staff members and related people. In the second phase, temporary parking areas will function for 24 hours. Hostel parking will be shifted to the temporary student parking area.Speed breakers will be installed in certain areas. \"In the final phase, student parking areas will be made permanent and other measures will be taken as required,\" a PEC official said. The decision comes in the wake of the death of 21-year-old PEC student Charu Mehta, in an accident caused by the negligently driven vehicle of another PEC student.Times ViewPEC's move to free its campus of vehicular traffic in a phased manner is an initiative which needs to be emulated by other educational institutes as well. The PEC authorities have done well by introducing restrictions on vehicles in a phased manner. The death of a 21-year-old student on the campus should serve as a wake-up call for other institutes like Panjab University and CCET where students zoom past on two wheelers and high-end cars posing risk to others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17492737", "title": "Xmas recipe: Pork loin with parma ham, oregano", "text": "Here's a truly special recipe for ChristmasPork loin with parma ham and oregano Ingredients: 5kg boneless and rind less loin of pork, 2 pcs cloves garlic, minced, few sprigs fresh oregano plus more to serve, 100 gm parma ham (sliced), 2 to 3 gm dried chilli flakes, 1 onion or 2 shallots (unpeeled), 50 ml olive oil and 30 ml dry white vermouth.Method: 1. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees Fahrenheit. Open up the loin of pork, read for stuffing, by laying it out in front of you vertically so that the thick part is on the left.2. Now starting at the top, cut through this thick part of the loin all the way down so that you can open it out to the left like a book. This will give you a larger surface area to lay the filling on. Spread the pungent garlic all over the meat.3. Then take the leaves from a few sprigs of oregano and dot them about too. Keep the stalks.4. Lay the pieces of ham horizontally over the pork loin, this way it will roll up more easily as the roll will follow the long length of the ham slices. Sprinkle the chilli flakes over the ham and then roll up the loin, starting from the open-ended side, keeping as tight a roll as you can. Secure the meat with string at 3-4cm/1-1\u00c2\u00bdin intervals, knotting the lengths of string firmly.5. If you're using regular thread rather than cook's twine, dampen it first. Cut the onion or shallots into thick slices without peeling them, and sit them in the bottom of a roasting tin to make the flavour-platform for the pork. Add the reserved stalks from the oregano, sit the loin on top and drizzle with the oil.6. Cook for 1\u00c2\u00bc hours, when it's cooked, the juices must run clear when you put a skewer into the centre and a meat thermometer should read 160 degrees Fahrenheit.7. Transfer the tin to a heatproof kitchen surface, immediately pour the vermouth and boiling water into the tin and scrape all around the bottom of the tin so any oniony, meaty stuck-on bits dissolve into this instant gravy. You can let the meat rest in this sauce for 15 minutes or so.8. When you are ready to slice the pork, remove it to a board and warm the gravy (removing the onion bits) if it's cooled. Cut the meat into approximately 2cm/1inch slices, or in other words, thick enough for the slices to keep their shape and hold the filling. This size joint should give you 10 good slices.9. Arrange these sturdy slices on a bed of rocket with the gravy served separately in a little sauce boat, or just sit them on a warm plate and pour over them a little gravy or any extra juices the meat has made.10. Take some more oregano leaves and slice them into fine strips, sprinkle them over the pork slices before serving.(Recipe courtesy: Chef Amit Chaudhary, Corniche, Mumbai)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17486870", "title": "Nostalgia can keep us warm", "text": "LONDON: Nostalgia warms hands as well as the heart! Nostalgic thoughts literally give us a warm glow, a new study has found, suggesting that heart-warming memories make it easier for us to withstand cold temperatures and make us feel physically warmer.Researchers said the phenomenon can be explained by a cross-over in the brain, with a region involved in feelings also being key to how the body feels.The study by the University of Southampton investigated the effects of nostalgic feelings on reaction to cold and the perception of warmth. The volunteers, from universities in China and the Netherlands, took part in one of five studies. \"Nostalgia is experienced frequently and virtually by everyone and we know that it can maintain psychological comfort. For example, nostalgic reverie can combat loneliness.\"We wanted to take that a step further and assess whether it can also maintain physiological comfort,\" Dr Tim Wildschut, senior lecturer at the University of Southampton said. \"Our study has shown that nostalgia serves a homoeostatic function, allowing the mental simulation of previously enjoyed states, including states of bodily comfort; in this case making us feel warmer,\" said Wildschut in a statement.Researchers asked participants to keep an account of their nostalgic feelings over 30 days. Results showed they felt more nostalgic on colder days. The second study put participants in one of three rooms: cold (20\u00c2\u00b0C), comfortable (24\u00c2\u00b0C) and hot (28\u00c2\u00b0C), and then measured how nostalgic they felt.Participants felt more nostalgic in the cold room than in the comfortable and hot rooms. The volunteers in the comfortable and hot rooms did not differ. The third study used music to evoke nostalgia. The participants who said the music made them feel nostalgic also tended to say that the music made them feel physically warmer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17484217", "title": "Ernakulam district panchayat plans evening classes for literacy programme for migrants labourers", "text": "KOCHI: In 1991, Ernakulam surprised the entire country by achieving 100% literacy - the first district in India to do so. Two decades hence, the district is aiming at another rare feat; the district panchayat will organise evening classes to make migrant labourers in Ernakulam literate in their mother tongue.Inaugurating Hum Mithru, a get-together of migrant labourers in Kochi on Tuesday, district panchayat president Eldhose Kunnappilly said the project would also act as a platform for creating awareness on labour rights among migrants and creating awareness about hygiene and health issues. The primary objective of the project is to enable migrant labourers read and write.Kunnappilly said the project had been designed after a survey conducted among these workers found that a main chunk of them are illiterate. \"The classes will be conducted at various government schools under the control of the district panchayat. Besides some master trainers, the educated migrants will be used as instructors in the project,\" he said.The training for labourers will also focus on examples set by Kerala in health and education sectors. It will also include awareness sessions on use of pan masala, drugs and alcohol. \"We plan to start the project in January next year. At first, we will start classes in centres like Ernakulam and Perumbavoor. A detailed project will be prepared soon,'' Kunnappilly said. \"Funds for the project will be raised from corporate social responsibility funds of PSUs.\"Around 600 migrant labourers in Kochi attended the Hum Mithru programme, organised jointly by the district panchayat, health and labour departments and Rajagiri Outreach. District panchayat vice-president Bindu George presided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17483900", "title": "For band members, life's always out of tune", "text": "RANCHI: A big fat Indian wedding is never complete till the bride and the groom and their family members shake their legs to the tune of popular Bollywood numbers. Music band thus remains an integral part of wedding parties in the country.But these men, who add life to any marriage reception, live in the shadow of poverty. Most of the band members, for whom music is either passion or a source of extra income, are engaged in petty jobs to earn their livelihood. They come together during wedding season to form music bands.Md Asir, owner of Ziya Band, said, \"Our masterji (music teacher) trains new recruits for six months. We have permanent staff who work at other places throughout the year and come to us when the wedding season starts. It is an extra income for them.\"Seventeen-year-old Md Barkat is a new recruit in a music band. He works as a cleaner and has four sisters and mother to support after his father died last year. The money that he and his mother earn from cleaning houses is not enough to support the family of six.One day, when a friend, who worked in one of the local bands, introduced Barkat to a music band, the teenager did not think twice before taking the job as it meant financial relief. \"My friend earned Rs 500 per day. So I joined here too. It was the first time that I had even touched a musical instrument. It is fun and I do get to earn extra to support my family,\" said Barkat.Even then, for many it becomes difficult to make ends meet as this source of extra money is only seasonal. Md Akhtar, 71, suffers from cancer but hardly has the money for treatment. The Ziya Band member avails of free medicine facilities at Sadar hospital. Blowing a trumpet is painful for Akhtar but he never thinks of quitting the band in fear of losing on extra bucks.Many like Akhtar are suffering silently.\"There is no profit in this business now. Band players get almost Rs 500 to Rs 600 for every wedding they attend. There are other expenses too. Wedding season is only four months and we have to survive the whole year, which is really difficult,\" said Md Asir, owner of Ziya Band.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17485551", "title": "Participants mock exercise, drill a disaster", "text": "NEW DELHI: A terror attack, an earthquake, a bomb blast. The most calamitous situations had been planned out to test Delhi's disaster preparedness. But the execution of the mock drill on Tuesday was anything but perfect.Delhi's Disaster Management Authority coordinated the drills under simulated situations like earthquakes, terror attacks, fire breakouts, flyover collapse etc-at 33 different locations between 11:45 am to 1:30 pm. The venues included Metro stations, schools, colleges, markets, temples, government buildings and five star hotels.\"The entire mock drill exercise remained incident free and all the emergency support functionaries participated in it buoyantly,\" said secretary, DDMA, Dharampal.The event for which volunteers trained for over three months looked like a well-rehearsed exercise that saw ambulances and PCR vans doing rounds at some of the venues in anticipation much before the disaster call.Interestingly, on certain venues inspite of all the rehearsals, ambulances were reported to have reached late and were not in enough numbers. \"As per the initial trends in many places PCR vans had to do the job of ambulances as they failed to turn up at the spot in time. They were also short in number,\" said a senior DDMA officer.The ambulance crunch was also highlighted in the final analysis of the last two mock-drills conducted by DDMA in February and July this year. Also, this particular drill aimed at checking the preparedness of the capital's \"medical emergency services\".\"This audit will largely be on health sector. After these results we shall be in a position to give exact details about the lapses on part of medical services which will be submitted to the health department soon,\" said the officer.However, for the first time DDMA conducted a unique simulation exercise at Burari Urs ground that saw eight sub scenarios evolving from an earthquake causing widespread damage. The resulting sub scenarios were building collapse, chemical leak in a factory, road accident, school building collapse, fire in a government building, flyover collapse, cracks and fire in a mall, partial damage to a hospital. The authority had made dummy flyovers and buildings to enhance the impact.\"Based on the success of our drills, particularly the one held on February 15 this year, neighbouring states like Punjab, Haryana and Himachal Pradesh have called DDMA officials to train them as they want to copy our module and do a similar drill on February 15, 2013,\" said an officer.The event saw observers from the Army, who made an independent audit of the entire exercise. Also since this exercise was meant to check medical emergencies independent doctors from AIIMS and other hospitals were deployed to do the resource mapping of the hospitals where the patients were rushed.In the various scenarios that were enacted during the mock drill the disaster machinery dealt with the overall situation of 164 dead, 143 seriously injured, 497 major injuries and 461 minor ones. They were taken to various hospitals and admitted for treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17484231", "title": "Engineer caught taking Rs 15,000 bribe", "text": "VADODARA: A class one executive engineer working with district panchayat in roads and buildings department in Panchmahal district was caught taking bribe from a contractor on Tuesday. The anti-corruption bureau (ACB) trapped Hasmukh Patel, 57, while accepting a bribe of Rs 15,000 from Sunil Brahmbhatt at Patel's office in Godhra. Patel was arrested by the ACB sleuths of Vadodara division.According to ACB officials, Patel demanded the money to clear dues of Brahmbhatt, a road contractor, in connection with a road project. \"Brahmbhatt was given a project to make road in Santrampur taluka of Panchmahal in 2009. The work got delayed due to some investigation by the forest department. In December 2011, the project got completed,\" said ACB police inspector G D Palsana who trapped the accused.\"Brahmbhatt had got some payment for his work. However, he was yet to get Rs 4.20 lakh towards outstanding payment. Patel demanded Rs 15,000 from the contractor for releasing the payment about 10 days ago,\" Palsana told TOI.Brahmbhatt then approached the ACB and registered a complaint against Brahmbhatt. The ACB officials set a trap at Patel's office in Godhra and caught him red-handed while accepting the bribe. The ACB officials used modern technology to collect strong evidence against the accused. \"We placed button camera in Brahmbhatt's shirt to record Patel while accepting the cash. We have both audio and video footage of the act now,\" Palsana added. This is the fourth case wherein ACB has used button camera to record footages of the accused while accepting bribe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17485279", "title": "Ponty Chadha wanted to evict Hardeep from farmhouse", "text": "NEW DELHI: Investigations by the crime branch into the Ponty Chadha shootout case point towards a conspiracy by Ponty and his friend Sukhdev Singh Namdhari to grab the farmhouse number 42 on November 17, and a plot to murder Ponty's brother Hardeep in the process, hatched by Namdhari and his personal security officer (PSO) Sachin Tyagi.Sources in the police said they were now trying to ascertain if the conspiracy to eliminate Hardeep Chadha was hatched in parallel to that for grabbing the farmhouse, and whether Ponty was privy to the plan. Namdhari and Tyagi have been arrested and booked for murder and hatching a criminal conspiracy. Police have also started questioning Tyagi after being allowed a three-day custody on Tuesday.A senior police officer said, \"During interrogation, it was revealed that first a plan to evict Hardeep from the farmhouse took root. The killings were the outcome of a conspiracy by Namdhari. He initially told us that he did not plant to kill him but on sustained interrogation, he was unable to explain satisfactorily the presence of so many men at the farmhouse on the fateful day, and the need for such a huge cache of arms and ammunitions.\"The officer added that Namdhari and Sachin Tyagi told them during interrogation that Ponty had been warned about a possible shootout if Hardeep and his men put up a fight, to which Ponty had no objection.\"However, we are verifying and cross-checking every line he is saying because most of what he is saying is simply a pack of lies. He talks all sorts of irrelevant things,\" he added. Police have detained about five to six men from Uttarakhand and Dehradun and are questioning them. They, however, refused to confirm if the men had been arrested. Meanwhile, Sachin Tyagi, who was arrested on Monday night, was sent to three days' police custody after cops told the court that he, too, had fired at the liquor baron's brother.\"Sustained custodial interrogation is required to unearth the sequence and consequences of the crime and for recovery of the weapons used in the crime. In view of the submissions made for the recovery of other weapons, the accused is remanded in police custody till December 7,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17486936", "title": "White beach hides dark truth", "text": "CHENNAI: Elliot's Beach presented a surreal picture on Tuesday evening as the rough seas whipped up thick foam on the shore. A scientific explanation, however, points to the ugly truth of sewage and pollution on the beach.From Urur Kuppam on the northern side to the Velankanni church on the south, the shoreline from a distance looked like it was snow-covered. The curious ones, who got nearer, saw fluffy foam that lingered longer than usual. Many left puzzled, while some turned to experts for an explanation.Dr S Ramachandran, a professor of oceanography and vice-chancellor of Vels University, said the low pressure near the coast provided an ideal system for the foam to lather up. \"The high concentration of organic matter and increased agitation of waves cause the waves to foam when they hit the shore. This foam does not originate in the sea,\" he said.The concentration of organic matter is higher than normal on Chennai beaches due to large amounts of untreated sewage being dumped into the sea. \"The foam is an indicator of increased organic matter and pollution,\" said environmentalist V Arun.The process of eutrophication increases with higher organic compounds. In this process, the nitrogen content of water increases, thereby promoting the growth of algae. Growth of algae decreases the biological oxygen demand of the water, which affects marine life, said Arun. \"That is why this type of foam is found more commonly in places where the Adyar and the Cooum meet the sea,\" he said.The Chennai Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board maintains five sewage treatment plants in Kodungaiyur, Nesapakkam, Perungudi and Koyambedu with a collective capacity to handle 486 million litres of sewage everyday. The treated water is then dumped into the Buckingham Canal, the Adyar and the Cooum.Fishermen along the sea say that the foam lasts about an hour at the most and does not affect their catch too much. \"But the area stinks. During Cyclone Nilam, it was much more widespread,\" said A Kumar, a fisherman at Srinivasapuram. He said the past two days were particularly bad as the sea had swollen in the rain. \"Officials from the public works department removed the sand bar on Monday morning. As a result, the river started flowing in more vigorously,\" he added.Visitors to the beach said they had seen such foam formation a few times. \"It earlier appeared near Urur Kuppam and a few fishing hamlets along the beach, especially when the tide gets high,\" said R Aravind, a regular visitor to the beach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17484971", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcChildren with disabilities more likely to face abuse\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "HYDERABAD: While there is a positive trend in terms of societal acceptance of the disabled, there is an urgent need to make regular educational institutes more open towards accepting differently-abled children and spread awareness among families regarding disability, experts said on Tuesday.A recent World Health Organization report said children with disabilities are four times more likely to experience violence or abuse and far more prone to physical and sexual violence, humiliation and neglect than normal kids. Although activists here said the general trend in attitude towards the disabled here is positive and sympathetic, many cases of physical abuse and negligence go unreported.\"In more than half of the cases, the abuse usually happens at home and is done by a family member or a known person. People take disabled children for granted thinking they will not be able to defend them or complain later,\" said D P K Babu, director of Ashray Akruti, a voluntary organisation for the hearing impaired.Despite significant improvement in the general attitude of the mainstream educational institutions towards disabled children, there is much to be desired in terms of facilities provided, he said. \"Hardly any regular city schools have ramps or lift for physically challenged students. Institutes should strive to create a barrier-free environment where all the students feel equal. Workshops for teaching and non-teaching staff to equip them to handle differently-abled children and to sensitise them should be conducted,\" he said.Officials from Ashray Akruti, which conducted an event to mark World Disability Day on Tuesday, however said that while 10 years ago it was a herculean task to get colleges and schools to admit hearing impaired children, it has become considerably easier now with nearly 150 such children studying in mainstream colleges and some working in the multimedia companies in the city. Activists working with disabled children stated challenges in communication are the major problems faced by them during the process of integration in mainstream institutes.Y Rajeshwari, principal of Devnar School for the Blind, Begumpet too said that educational institutes should come forward to motivate disabled children to join mainstream colleges and schools. \"The social stigma has not faded away completely, but in an urban setting like Hyderabad, the situation has improved significantly,\" she said. The increase in the number of disabled children coming forward for assistance was heartening said activists. Rajeshwari said the number of admissions in their school had increased by around 10% in five years and the number of organisations for the disabled in the twin cities too had increased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17486056", "title": "Far between and few: Delhi's bridges", "text": "NEW DELHI: With only eight road bridges across the Yamuna in the capital, moving between different parts of the city and the suburbs of Noida and Faridabad is a test of patience. Despite massive development in the city's east and northeast in the last decade - resulting in a corresponding jump in population and vehicular traffic in these areas - only one new bridge was built across the Yamuna in the same period. Most of the bridges in Delhi are from the 1990s.In the last decade, 38.5 lakh new vehicles were registered in Delhi. The eastern and northeastern parts have added more than seven lakh people, and account for almost a fifth of Delhi's total population. Major infrastructure projects across the Yamuna due to the Commonwealth Games, as well as development of the satellite towns of Noida, Ghaziabad and Faridabad have increased the number of vehicles crossing the Yamuna daily.Yet, in the same period, only one new bridge - the Geeta Colony Bridge - has been built. The other bridges across the Yamuna include the Wazirabad Bridge, an iron bridge called Loha Pul, ISBT Bridge, Geeta Colony Bridge, ITO Bridge, Nizamuddin Bridge, Kalindi Kunj Bridge and the DND toll road. The average waiting time on these bridges is 15-30 minutes in peak hours, say traffic officials.\"Delhi definitely needs more crossovers on the Yamuna as there is huge traffic movement on the bridges every morning and evening. However, along with bridges, proper feeder roads need to be provided as, otherwise, the traffic situation would just get worse as people will be stuck on these bridges,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.The narrow Wazirabad Bridge was built in 1968 and is always congested as it has only two lanes without a central verge. With many commercial vehicles from UP and Haryana using it every day, traffic between northeast Delhi and other parts of the city moves at a crawl.The 144 years old Loha Pul is the oldest bridge over the Yamuna in Delhi. Built in 1868, it is now only fit for non-motorized traffic and two-wheelers . Still, it remains clogged at any time of the day, say cops.The condition of the ISBT Bridge, built in 1990, is slightly better. This eightlane bridge connects north and northeast Delhi and is mainly used by interstate buses. The average waiting time on it is 10-15 minutes in peak hours.The ITO and Nizamuddin bridges are the most crowded with waiting time touching half an hour during peak hours. Both bridges were built in the 1970s and widened to eight lanes in 1998. Vehicles from east Delhi, south Delhi and Ghaziabad use this route, making it the busiest and causing a long traffic tail on Vikas Marg and NH-24 .The Kalindi Kunj Bridge or Okhla Barrage is one of the worst bridges. Built in 1984, it has not seen major repairs in 28 years. It was built with a daily capacity of just 10,000 vehicles, but more than a lakh vehicles from Delhi, Faridabad and Noida use it every day now. Development of Noida led to the construction of the DND toll bridge in 2001. However , toll collection causes severe jams on this route during peak hours. The only bridge built recently is the Geeta Colony Bridge, completed in 2009. The six-lane bridge only has slow-moving traffic during peak hours, and has taken the load off the ITO Bridge, say traffic cops.Delhi fares poorly compared with global cities like London and Paris in terms of bridges. While London has 34 bridges, Paris has 32 major bridges and several minor bridges. Rome has 31 major bridges while Bangkok, Budapest and Berlin have about a dozen bridges each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17489094", "title": "'Paani' to be shot in Singapore", "text": "If Sanjay Leela Bhansali can set Shakespeare's love tragedy Romeo &amp; Juliet in Gujarat why can't Shekhar Kapur situate the same timeless material in futuristic Mumbai? And shoot it in Singapore?That's exactly what Shekhar will do in Paani. The film is a tale of star-crossed lovers from incompatible social stratas where the girl would be an upper-class elite of Caucasian pedigree while the boy would be tanned bare-bodied desi ruffian with the manners of a street urchin and the lingo of a fish seller.Shekhar is currently in Singapore hunting for locations. Says our source, \" Paani is a cross-cultural rich-poor Romeo &amp; Juliet love story set in futuristic Mumbai when water will be the biggest asset and the most expensive commodity in the world. Wealth would be determined by how much of the city's water supply is controlled by the powers-that-be. In the film, Mumbai would be divided into the Upper City and Lower City. The rich girl would be from the Upper City and the poor boy who sneaks into the forbidden elitist area would be from the Lower City.\"Shekhar, one hears from reliable sources, has decided to cast a fresh Caucasian girl and an new Indian boy as the two main leads.Says our source, \"It is the only way Shekhar's love story will work. The boy and the girl have to be young innocent and reckless. Both Shekhar and Aditya Chopra are firm believers in the power of fresh actors. Adi in fact has been building a bank of new talent at Yashraj for the past three years. Shekhar too has worked with newcomers in the past to great advantage. So they are both on the same page on this issue.\"When questioned about the cast, Shekhar Kapur said, \"I can't talk about it. The Paani casting is under an NDA (non-disclosure agreement) right now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17484111", "title": "Govt to impart trading skills to urban poor", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has decided to set up a micro business centre (MBC) in Bhubaneswar to promote entrepreneurship among slum dwellers. The maiden initiative by the state housing and urban development department (H&UD;) would be commissioned at an estimated cost of Rs 80 lakh, sources said.The proposed centre would impart trading skills among self-help groups and establish marketing linkage for their products. It would be set up in public-private-partnership mode.\"The government has joined hands with Centurion University of Technology and Management for management of MBC and livelihood promotion of the urban poor,\" senior H&D; officer Dilip Routrai said. \"While the beneficiaries would receive loans from different government schemes, they will be trained for proper utilization of the funds by MBC,\" he added.The Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) would arrange space for functioning of the MBC office at Gandamunda. The centre would provide employment to the beneficiaries and encourage self-employment ventures. The private university, which has been roped in to train the urban poor, would frame the curriculum, focusing on developing entrepreneurial abilities like communication skills, goal setting, confidence building, risk taking ability, achievement motivation, preparation of bankable reports, knowledge on schemes and incentives of government, marketing and financial management skills.At present, the civic body is offering several urban poverty alleviation schemes under the Centre-sponsored Swarna Jayanti Sahari Rozgar Yojana (SJSRY), which envisages employment generation and improvement of physical and social environment of the urban poor and their neighbourhood. Loans are being provided by nationalized banks to slum dwellers to make them self-employed. Beneficiaries are availing the funds under Urban Self Employment Programme (USEP), Urban Women Self Help Programme (UWSP) and Urban Women Self Help Programme Revolving Fund schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17485420", "title": "Senior citizen found murdered in Talkatora home", "text": "LUCKNOW: Talkatora police found a senior citizen murdered at his home on Tuesday. Shyam Narayan Shukla, 70, was found dead in his two-room home, located at Badshahkheda in Talkatora area. Shukla had retired from Health department of the state as machine operator and used to live alone since the time his wife passed away.Shukla's two sons run a grocery store in Delhi while his married daughter stays near Tikait Rai Talab in Sarojininagar area. Shukla had been hit by a sharp-edged weapon by unknown assailants as injury marks were found on his throat and arms. Vinod Yadav, Talkatora police in charge, said the dog squad was called to the spot and investigations were on in the said case.Some of the belongings were missing and cupboards were found ransacked, said the police. \"But we have not ruled out possibility of planned murder,\" added another official indicating that some old enmity might have led to the incident, and home ransacked in order to deflect investigation.The matter was reported by a priest who visited the temple right outside Shukla's house every morning. He found Shukla's house latched from outside and went inside to find his body lying in a pool of blood around 6.30 a.m. on Tuesday. Police suspect Shukla was killed on the intervening night of December 3 and 4. Police have registered a case of murder and physical assault while committing robbery.Just a week back a retired teacher was found dead inside his home at Vasant Vihar locality under Gudamba police station. The police have not been able to identify the culprits.Cell for elderly defunct: A senior citizen cell was established by a former chief of Lucknow police Rajiv Krishna during 2010. The aim was to provide a sense of security to senior citizens in the city who have no immediate family members in the city. While police officials followed up cases of cognizable crimes committed against senior citizens under the tenure of Rajiv Krishna the cops now appear indifferent to the cause or even updating their record.The senior citizen cell has not updated its list for years and nodal official was not able to recollect when the list was last updated. \"I am busy with Vidhan Sabha security arrangements and will not be able to give the number of senior citizens in the city at the moment,\" said Additional superintendent of police Uday Shankar Jaiswal, nodal official of the cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17485889", "title": "Why allow MPs and MLAs to continue even after conviction: PIL", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday asked the Centre to respond to a proposition that the law allowing MPs and MLAs to continue despite being sentenced to more than two years' jail term upon conviction in a criminal case was discriminatory and encouraged criminalization of politics.Appearing as amicus curiae in a PIL by advocate Lily Thomas, senior advocate Fali S Nariman said an anomalous situation existed under the Representation of People Act, where one provision debarred a person from contesting election for six years on conviction in a criminal case with two years imprisonment while the other allowed MPs and MLAs to continue if they filed an appeal within three months of the judgment of conviction. A bench of Justices A K Patnaik and H L Gokhale said Nariman had raised an important legal point and asked additional solicitor general Siddharth Luthra to seek the Union government's response on the issue. tnnNairman cited several judgments of the apex court on this point and said that in one case, it had held that the presumption of innocence of a person ended after a trial court convicted him of an offence. If on this basis, Parliament thought it fit to debar a person from contesting election for six years, why should it create a special class in MPs and MLAs whose conviction would not entail any adverse effect if they merely filed an appeal against that conviction, he asked.He said the exception carved out under Section 8(4) of the RP Act encouraged criminalization of politics as MPs and MLAs so convicted do not have to seek orders from the appellate court for stay of the sentence and in exceptional cases, a stay of the conviction itself.\"This violates the provision of Article 14 (right to equality/non-discrimination) of the Constitution as it made an exception only for a convicted MP or MLA as opposed to the conviction of the same person if he were not an MP or MLA and placing the members on a higher pedestal - which encourages rather than thwarts the criminalization of politics,\" Nariman argued.He said the Supreme Court in Prabhakaran case in 2005 had ventured into surmises to lend force to the exception carved out only for MPs and MLAs under Section 8(4) of the RP Act.Whether the conviction of a sitting MP or MLA, who faced disqualification because of award of sentence of more than two years, should be stayed or not should be left to the discretion of the appellate court as in the case of a person who is not a member of Parliament or assembly, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "17485890", "title": "Surjya meets Tehatta victims", "text": "NADIA: Nearly a month after a person was killed in an alleged police firing in Tehatta, leader of opposition Surjyakanta Mishra visited the area on Monday and blamed \"internal conflict\" of the local Trinamool Congress for the violence.Apart from addressing a street rally at Natna crossing, Mishra accompanied by CPM leader Anisur Rahaman met the family of Ashoke Sen Sharma, who was killed on November 14. He also visited Sudhamoy Ghosh and Akhilesh Ghosh, the two persons who were injured in the alleged firing.He enquired about the progress of their treatment and said that the state government should arrange for free treatment. Mishra also demanded proper compensation for the injured duo and tried to console their family members.Speaking at the rally organized by DYFI, Mishra said, \"The administration should call an all-party meeting soon to solve the land dispute. The violence was a fallout of internal conflict of Trinamool Congress.\" He urged the people to maintain peace in the area and alleged that it is the police who create unrest.Mishra expressed dissatisfaction at the role of police in the state and said the alleged police officer should have been removed soon after the firing. \"The problems here could be solved through discussion, but steps weren't taken towards that,\" he added.MLA Anisur Rahaman said they had planned to come to Tehatta soon after the violence, but the administration hindered them. \"We have been proposing an all-party meeting ever since situation turned tense in Tehatta, but the government remained deaf,\" he said. Among others, CPM leader S M Sadi and the party's district secretary Sumit De also attended the rally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17484826", "title": "Supervisor error led to power mismatch: CR", "text": "CR has blamed Tuesday's mishap on the CST-bound Andheri train on the maintenance supervisor. CR uses retrofitted electrical rakes that can ply dual current-25,000 volts alternating current (AC) and 1,500 volts direct current (DC) traction-on the Harbour line corridor between CST and Andheri. This is because the stretch between CST and Mahim is powered by DC traction and northward, beyond Mahim and up to Andheri, it runs on AC traction.In an AC-DC local train, a motorman's cabin has a switch to alternate from the AC mode to the DC mode and vice versa. Nine-coach rakes have three motor coaches with a pantograph each atop to draw power from the overhead wires.One of the pantographs of the CST-bound Andheri local train had lowered as the VCB ( vacuum circuit breaker) equipment malfunctioned.As soon as the motorman realized this, he called for the maintenance staff. A source said, \"At Wadala Road station, the supervisor boarded the train and entered the motor coach to fix the problem. Even though an indicator board displayed that the VCB had malfunctioned (See: 'Price of negligence'), he attempted to restore the pantograph's operation. This was an erroneous decision.\"This mismatch in the power system caused oil in the transformer placed below the motor coach to heat up and ignite. The scalding hot oil and the fire caused serious burns to four of the total 11 injured in the incident.Railway officials conceded that the casualties could have been much higher but most commuters of the ill-fated coach were lucky to have escaped with minor injuries. A senior railway official said, \"It was all over in a matter of three minutes but long enough to cause serious burns to four passengers.\" Though four fire engines were called in, the train's guard managed to douse the flames himself with a fire extinguisher. The affected coach was second from the motorman's cabin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17485955", "title": "Mangalore University prof in Lokayukta net", "text": "Mangalore: Anitha Ravishankar, an associate professor in the sociology department of Mangalore University was trapped by the Lokayukta for graft on Tuesday. The accused is Anitha Ravishankar. According to Lokayukta Prema D'Souza, a student of Anitha, filed a complaint saying that the accused had demanded Rs 5,000 to help her during the examinations. Dilip said the process of arrest was on and the accused would be produced before the magistrate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17483947", "title": "India's first public health varsity in Odisha soon", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A public health university, the first of its kind in the country, is to be set up in Odisha soon. The state government has accorded its approval to Asian Institute of Public Health (AIPH) to come up with the varsity at Gramadiha village in Jatni tehsil, around 20 km from here.\"The AIPH had sent us a proposal for the university. The government has approved the plan. I believe it will be the first such university in our country,\" health secretary Pradipta Kumar Mohapatra told TOI on Tuesday.Mohapatra said public health as a subject has great importance for the state because preventive healthcare is of utmost importance, especially because several people in the state were dying from preventable diseases. Public health is the art and science of preventing disease through organized efforts and societal interventions.The government has allotted around 17 acre land for the upcoming university. \"The government will soon sign a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the AIPH for the proposed varsity,\" Mohapatra said. After that the state Assembly has to pass the new university Bill for the privately-managed state university, sources said. So far, Odisha doesn't have any health or medical university, though the state is planning to convert the VSS Medical College and Hospital into a unitary university.AIPH functionaries said the new university would try to create manpower for preventive healthcare and research on public health challenges in the region. \"Though various colleges and institutes have been offering courses in public health, the number of professionals produced is miniscule. India needs around 10,000 more public health professionals at present. But the country is producing around 500 per year,\" said Dr Sudhir Satapathy, head of academic affairs of AIPH. \"The new university will reduce this gap,\" he added.The varsity would offer master and postdoctoral degree, diplomas and certificates courses in public health and public health management to both medical and non-medical professionals. \"The university dedicated entirely to public health will help in concerted research on public health challenges,\" said AIPH director Prabhas Chandra Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17485801", "title": "Kolkata to host global theatre festival by 'spec-actors'", "text": "KOLKATA: A unique theatre movement that started in Brazil four decades ago and has taken firm roots in Bengal will bring its practitioners from 18 countries to a fortnight-long festival starting in the city from Thursday. Jana Sanskriti, which brought this form of theatre - known as 'forum theatre' - to India, will host the fifth edition of this festival, christened 'Muktodhara'.Renowned Brazilian theatre director Augusto Boal created 'forum theatre' where spectators become actors - Boal coined the term 'spec-actors' for them - playing out issues of social and political relevance. \"It is a powerful interactive theatre that does away with the stage, curtains and other barriers between actors and spectators,\" explained Jana Sanskriti founder Sanjoy Ganguly, who has authored a few books on this form of theatre.'Forum theatre', or the 'theatre of the oppressed', is considered to be an effective medium for social change. Jana Sanskriti, born in 1985, has 30 satellite groups across Bengal that stage plays in their own areas. Significantly, all group members are locals and the issues they take up range from domestic violence and sexual harassment to communal harmony and human trafficking.Ganguly, whose work has become the subject of theses and dissertations in 42 universities, including Cambridge, Harvard and Manchester, told TOI: \"In our form of theatre, a play is staged several times to get the villagers involved and trigger a process of intense debate and discussion on a particular issue. Take the case of a play on domestic violence. The actors start by enacting the roles of the oppressor and oppressed. Then the spectators are asked to come on stage and add their bits. Most are shy or reluctant to come on stage initially, but most villagers ultimately do. And with each person adding his or her perspective to the issue, it no longer remains a mere play but transforms into a healthy and democratic discussion on the issue. Our aim is to establish a dialogue in marginalized communities on important and socially relevant issues.\" Jana Sanskriti, he added, has been successful in significantly reducing alcoholism and domestic violence in the areas it operates in. \"We're now focusing on human trafficking that's become a major problem in Bengal,\" he said.Seventy practitioners of 'forum theatre' who'll participate in 'Muktodhara' will stage their own plays in Kolkata and a few villagers in the Sunderbans. 'Muktodhara' begins with week-long workshops on 'forum theatre' conducted by Ganguly and Brian Brody, who teaches performing arts at California Institute of Technology and is also a Hollywood actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17485370", "title": "Girl killed for honour, boyfriend poisons self", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 25-year-old man committed suicide in Uttar Pradesh's Moradabad district after his girlfriend was allegedly bludgeoned to death by her own family members. Police on Tuesday registered a case of honour killing against the girl's family members after locals refused to cremate Sanjiv Kashyap's body.According to sources, 22-year-old Anjum Aara was allegedly beaten to death by her family members on Saturday for having an affair with Kashyap. When he came to know about it, he consumed poison. He died in hospital on Monday night.Anjum's autopsy report said she had suffered 27 injuries on her body and died of internal hemorrhage. Her family tried to cover up the killing by saying she had consumed poison. The autopsy report of Kashyap said he died of poisoning. The incident took place at Kuri Khana village in Moradabad.On Saturday morning Anjum went to Kashyap's house to tell him that her family would marry her off forcefully. Her father and two brothers arrived there and beat her up and dragged her in full public view. Later, she was admitted to hospital where she died on Saturday night.As news spread, Kashyap reportedly consumed poison. He was found unconscious on roadside on Sunday and police took him to hospital where he died on Monday night. Kashyap's mother lodged a complaint with the police accusing Anjum's family members of killing him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17486122", "title": "Naroda convicts' appeals admitted", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Tuesday admitted appeals filed by former Bajrang Dal leader Babu Bajrangi and 30 others, questioning the trial court's decision to send them to life imprisonment in connection with the Naroda Patia massacre of post-Godhra riots.A bench of Justice R R Tripathi and R D Kodhari admitted all the appeals after a brief hearing where defence counsel as well as the lawyer representing the Supreme Court-appointed special investigation team (SIT) made submissions.On August 29, special judge Jyotsna Yagnik sentenced Bajrangi to imprisonment till he lives and six others including Naresh Chhara, Murli Chhara, Suresh Dedawala and Bipin Panchal with 31 years' jail terms. The remaining convicts, except former minister Maya Kodnani, have been awarded jail term of 24 years.Kodnani has been condemned to 28-year imprisonment. Till date, 31 out of 32 convicts have moved the high court.The high court admitted Kodnani's appeal last week.In their appeals, these convicts questioned the conclusions arrived at by the SIT court.They highlighted contradictions in witnesses' testimonies and claimed that most of them improvised upon their earlier statements.Beside questioning the credibility of witnesses, they have also raised questions on the trial court's reliance on the sting operation by Tehelka, which caught Bajrangi, Dedawala and Prakash Rathod bragging about how they were on a killing spree, the day after the Godhra carnage.Besides, the convicts have also challenged the trial court's conclusion that a conspiracy was hatched before the riots. The convicts have contented that the court arrived at the conclusion of conspiracy without any basis, as not a single piece of evidence suggesting criminal conspiracy was put on record by the prosecution.The SIT court convicted 32 to life imprisonment of various terms - from 24 years to life in jail till death for killing 97 persons on February 28, 2002. The court also acquitted 29 persons by giving them benefit of doubt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17486705", "title": "Railways swaps coaches but no alerts to commuters", "text": "CHENNAI: R Mohan, a senior citizen, couldn't locate A1 coach on Podhigai Express at the Egmore station on Thursday. He called the railway helpline and was told his seat was in an AC II tier coach but the coach was missing. Finally, he found his name on an AC III tier coach.An AC III tier coach was attached instead of an AC II tier coach but the passengers weren't informed of this. On Friday, on the return journey, a sleeper coach was attached in place of an AC III tier coach.The railways is yet to wake up to the need of sending alerts to passengers about last-minute changes in train timing or composition of coaches and travellers are put to great hardship\"I found that an AC III tier coach had been attached instead of II tier and 'AC II tier' was scribbled on it using chalk. This caused confusion among passengers,\" said Mohan, who travelled to Srivilliputhur by Podhigai Express. \"Four passengers claimed a berth was theirs. The ticket examiner said the coach was different because of a technical problem,\" he added.Mohan and a few others suffered on the return leg on the same train the next day. This time, he had an AC III tier ticket. But his berth was in an ordinary sleeper coach.\"I boarded an AC coach at Srivilliputhur but the examiner told me my ticket was in a sleeper class coach. He said he would issue a reduced fare certificate to help me get back the difference in fares,\" said Mohan.Railway officials say the problem arises when they staff struggle to find a replacement for faulty coaches because of a shortage.\"We have to clear a train at any cost as it is impossible to cancel a service because an AC coach is not available,\" said a senior official. But passengers are often in the dark about such changes. If the changes are done a day in advance, they appear on the railway website or in the media.In spite of repeated demands, railways finds it difficult to set up a system to send alerts. \"Almost every one has a mobile phone. It is time a system was in place to inform passengers about such changes,\" said M Damayanti, a frequent traveller.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17483801", "title": "'Baraati' blockades bother Ranchiites", "text": "RANCHI: Nikhil Gupta was stuck in a traffic jam at Ratu Road for almost half an hour around 9pm a few days ago. Despite honking many times when he did not get a pass, Nikhil stepped down from his motorcycle and went ahead to see what was causing the jam. On walking half a km, he saw a \"baraat\" (wedding party) blocked the road.\"When I asked them to move aside as they were blocking the road, one of the men told me to respect the occasion and wait for some time. He also said people should cooperate as wedding is once-in-a-lifetime ceremony,\" Nikhil said.This is a common scene at almost every road during the wedding season. A \"baraat\" with around 15-20 people and 11 band players is seen blocking roads as people dance all the way to the wedding venue.The first song in almost every \"baraat\" is \"aaj meri yaar ki shadi hai\" of the 70s followed by the ones of 2010-11 like \"ainvein\" and finally the latest \"munni badnaam\" and \"chipka le saiyaan fevicol se\".When the songs are played, the people try various steps right from \"bhangra\" to the tricky \"rumaal\" and snake dance and - in the process block the traffic for hours.Manish Sinha, a resident of Ratu Road said, echoed the same feeling.\"Baraats always block the road as there are many banquet halls in every locality. We do not have any other option but to bear with it because if we tell them something, they get really violent.\"Apart from blocking the road, the \"baraatis\" are also seen bursting crackers which coupled with music creates a lot of noise pollution and distraction to the residents and commuters.Kunal Verma, a student of Class X, said, \"I am preparing for my pre-board exams scheduled for January but I am unable to concentrate in studies in evening as the band parties start rehearsing from 5 in the evening and continue till 10pm till the baraat leaves.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17484168", "title": "Rajmahal-AG road route to be revamped", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Rajmahal-AG route in the city will soon offer a range of pleasures, bidding adieu to the existing din of chaotic street vending, encroachment, unauthorized constructions and mounds of garbage.The Bhubaneswar Development Authority (BDA) has chalked out an ambitious beautification plan to convert both sides of the road into a recreation zone. If the authority has its way, both sides of the stretch will be dotted with pedestrian pathways , food joints, parks, music fountains and other recreational features. A presentation of the concept was shown to the chief secretary last week, sources said.\"The project is in a nascent stage. We have made a preliminary survey of the areas (unit-I and unit-II) on Rajmahal-AG route. The final design will be made later,\" BDA vice-chairman Vishal Dev told TOI. \"The zone will be a perfect leisure place for citizens and visitors, who can walk on spacious pathways, sit on chairs and eat out in the food joints,\" Dev said. \"People can get a panoramic view of the recreation zone while passing over the Rajmahal flyover,\" he added.As per the plan, the BDA will construct a 300-feet pedestrian pathway on the outer edge of road on both sides. Apart from the land required for pathways, the authority needs additional land to allow commercial and recreational activities along the pathways. The BDA also needs to raze down some government quarters inhabited by bureaucrats and politicians, commercial buildings, petrol filling stations and two police stations (Capital and Mahila) on both sides of the route.\"There are not many buildings along the road. A decision on whether or not to demolish the quarters and buildings will be taken after completion of the final survey and approval from higher authorities,\" Dev said. \"Occupants of government quarters will be given alternative accommodation if their residences are demolished for development purpose,\" he said.The BDA has also proposed to the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) to push the Unit-I Haat a little behind to get more space for construction of the pathway. Most of the Haat vendors and illegal parking operators have eaten into the road on Rajmahal-AG route.\"We do not mind moving from here. But the government should rehabilitate us in a neighbouring area. We do not want to move to a distant location,\" said Jatindra Pati, a vendor in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17485700", "title": "Gurgaon police bust inter-state crime gang", "text": "GURGAON: Five members of a gang of notorious criminals were arrested by the crime branch of Sohna police after a brief encounter on Monday night. All of them are history-sheeters, having being involved in robbery, dacoity and vehicle lifting cases.A Swift car and a country-made pistol were recovered from their possession. They confessed to having been involved in about 100 vehicle robbery cases.On Tuesday police produced them in a city court which sent them on five days' police remand.\"The gang members had stolen vehicles in Delhi, Uttar Pradesh, Haryana and Jharkhand. Their links extended to Nepal as they used to send vehicles stolen in states across the country to Nepal. The accused confessed to having stolen around 40 tractors, 50 motorcycles and other vehicles so far. Our team has interrogated them and we will seize all stolen vehicles,\" said Maheshwar Dayal, DCP (Crime).One of the accused was identified as Amruddin, resident of Shekhpur village in Firozpur Zhirka in Mewat, who has been to jail several times over vehicle theft and robbery cases.The second was named as Qutabuddin, resident of Mohlaka village near Nagina in Mewat.The other co-accused were Jubddin, Jahul and Taufiq, residents of Bharatpur district in Rajasthan.According to police, the crime branch team-5 in Sohna reached the spot after getting a tip-off that the criminals were plotting to steal vehicles near Silani village on Sohna-Palwal road around 10pm on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17485594", "title": "'Review role of schoolteachers'", "text": "MUMBAI: At a time when the role of a teacher is being questioned with the advent of technology in the current education scenario, an education conclave aims at putting both these important factors together.LearnShift India, a unique educational conclave was held at Delhi on Tuesday and brought together many stakeholders of the education system to discuss various topics like teacher preparedness, technology and accessible quality education.\"There were various discussions on the current scenario of the need for enabling teachers with proper skills to fit in the developing scheme of this field. Experts also pointed out at the current state of teacher education in all the B.Ed courses available for teachers is not well developed,\" said Avnita Bir, principal of RN Podar High School, Santacruz. Bir attended this conclave along with 50-55 other educationists from the country. Also present at this conclave were officials from the ministry of human resource development (MHRD), CBSE board chairman Vineet Joshi and members from the National Innovation Council (NIC). \"The purpose was to brainstorm on all possible avenues and pointers will now be sent to the NIC and MHRD, who can then work on the pointers,\" added Bir.In the light of the Right to Education (RTE) Act, the conclave also shed light on the equity and inclusion of children in the education sector. There were also discussions on the pros and cons of technology in schools. and colleges.\"Everybody has contributed to this session. We will also form action groups to work on the issues and meet again next year to see how much improvement has taken place,\" added Bir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "gudivada", "code": "17485094", "title": "Balayya told to be on guard against Naidu\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s \u00e2\u20ac\u02dctrickery\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "GUDIVADA: Reacting sharply to actor Nandamuri Balakrishna's veiled comments against him for distancing himself from the TDP, Gudivada MLA Kodali Nani dared the actor to contest against him in the next elections.Giving a word of caution, Kodali Nani, who is now sailing with the YSR Congress, asked Balakrishna to be on his guard against 'machinations' of his brother-in-law and TDP chief N Chandrababu Naidu , lest the actor would face the same fate as his late father N T Rama Rao.Defending his decision to join the YSR Congess, Nani said Naidu had forced him to leave the TDP. Reacting to Balakrishna's angry remarks against him during the former's visit to the constituency recently, Nani, during a press conference on Tuesday, said he was prepared to contest against the actor if his party chief Y S Jaganmohan Reddy asked him to do so.\"People will decide whose fiefdom Gudivada is,\" Nani said responding to Balakrishna's challenge. He said he had high respect for N T Rama Rao and had entered politics attracted by his policies. Reiterating his charges against Chandrababu Naidu, Nani said he would continue to attack Naidu till the end. \"Naidu has no moral values to point his fingers at others. He became chief minister by unseating his father-in-law NTR through trickery,\" Nani said. \"It is unfortunate that a person like Balakrishna, being NTR's son, still trusts Chandrababu Naidu.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "dombivli", "code": "17484707", "title": "4 minors, teen kill youth who protested eve-teasing", "text": "Dombivli: In a chilling replay of the Amboli eve-teasing horror, four minor boys and their 18-year-old friend stabbed a youth to death at the gate of his housing complex here for protesting the lewd comments passed at a girl. They also injured another person who tried to help the victim late on Monday evening.The five have been arrested for murder and rioting; the four minors will be presented in a juvenile court on Wednesday.Around 9.45pm on Monday, Santosh Vichivara (19) was returning from work and took a private bus to his Navneet Nagar complex from Dombivli station. Also aboard was a girl who stayed in his complex and was returning from tuitions. Once they alighted, the five accused who were hanging around the colony's gate, targeted the girl with vulgar comments.Three of the minors, aged 16 and 17, are in school. A 16-year-old dropout is suspected to be the main assailant. Pankaj Pal, 18, is studying for his HSC examination.Santosh was irked and when one of the eve-teasers asked for the girl's cell phone number, he confronted the boys. He asked them to leave the colony gate and an argument ensued. The girl hurried inside and told Santosh to avoid a dispute as the boys, who are from middle class families and stayed nearby, were known miscreants.But Santosh, who worked in a shop, stood his ground and told the boys that he didn't want to see them again at the complex gate. At this, the boys attacked him and started beating him up. One of them took out a knife and stabbed him. Santosh staggered into his complex, but the boys followed him and stabbed him again.On October 20, 2011, Keenan Santos (24) and Reuben Fernandez (29) were stabbed after a scuffle near a paan shop in Amboli , Andheri (W), for protesting against some men harassing their women friends.In Dombivli, society member Jayantilal Gada, 50, saw the scuffle near the gate and ran to help Santosh. The boys attacked him too with the knife. \"Initially, when I saw the accused chasing Santosh, I thought they were manhandling him. But when I went closer, one of the boys attacked me with a knife. I suffered injuries to my hand,\" said Jayantilal, who is recovering.By now, the melee had alerted residents, many of whom rushed out on seeing the scuffle. The boys fled.\"Seeing Santosh bleeding heavily, we called an autorickshaw and took him to the nearby Arogyam hospital. The doctor declared him dead on arrival,\" said Manoj Gosar, a resident of the society.Later, the residents approached the local Manpada police, who filed a murder and rioting case and started a hunt for the accused. \"The girl who was being harassed gave us clues about the accused and described the boys to us. We laid traps and arrested them from separate places through the night,\" said Indrajeet Karle, inspector at Manpada police station. The girl identified the boys on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17488897", "title": "A slice of history", "text": "A rare collection of antiquarian books, maps, lithographs and etchings of Mumbai from the 16th to 20th century will be on displayThere are collectors, and then there are collectors. Some collect cars, some collect books, some collect art. And some like Dilnavaz Mehta collect antiquarian maps, books, lithographs, etchings, engravings, aquatints and prints. A hobby, which turned into a passion and now a profession, makes Dilnavaz travel extensively across India to source and discover old books, maps and drawings, which have been published in and on India. She holds an annual exhibition of her collections and this time around, The Rare Finds: Hindoostan Revisited Exhibition will be displaying lithographs, etchings, books, etc, which offer a comprehensive textual and visual record of the history, geography, topography, ethnology and religious and social activities of India from the 16th century to the early 20th century.\"This is the seventh edition of the exhibition. The old maps, prints and books on display will appeal to the discerning art aficianado, the history enthusiast and the collector as well. The works present a fascinating spectacle of Hindoostan, especially Mumbai. The city is documented in the most artistic and picturesque manner, since the enquiry into the uncovering of the enigma called India, from the earliest times, has been more than a cultural and historical exercise. All the pieces at the show are limited to a piece only, which makes them rare, limited-edition artworks,\" says Dilnavaz, who has a diploma in Indian Aesthetics and is also a special guest lecturer for post graduate studies at Bombay and Benares Universities.Know your historyOld maps: With the invention of printing technology and availability of paper, from the mid-16th century onwards, the flat surface used to create a map was mainly paper on which geographical, political, geological or statistical pictorial images were created by using the print-making techniques. These old maps were usually produced by the master craftsmen who drew, engraved, printed and coloured the maps.Lithographs, engravings, etchings, aquatints and illustratons: Original prints are pictorial images which have been produced by a process, which enables them to be multiplied. Prints were published to commemorate or publicise a particular event while others would have a political or satirical theme. Masterpieces in painting, sculpture and architecture were also engraved in addition to prints on landscapes, portraits, costumes, urban views, native life, flora and fauna.Antiquarian and rare books : These are printed books, which have survived hundreds of years. Added to the antiquity of the book is its literary, historical or cultural significance. Many books were produced as numbered copies for private circulation and signed, which adds to their rarity.(The exhibition can be viewed at Cymroza Art Gallery, Breach Candy, December 12 to 18.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17486021", "title": "BJP leaders meet Pak envoy, protest demolition of temple", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP leaders on Tuesday met Pakistani high commissioner Salman Bashir to protest the demolition of a temple in Karachi and the \"deteriorating human rights\" condition of Hindus in the neighbouring country.According to the Pakistani high commission, Bashir emphatically underscored the commitment of the government of Pakistan to the protection and promotion of the fundamental human rights of all minorities, including Hindus.He said Pakistan had taken important steps to promote interfaith harmony as well as respect for religious beliefs, culture and traditions of the minorities.The matter figured in the Lok Sabha also with BJD member Bhartruhari Mahtab demanding the temple's restoration and protection to Hindus. \"I want India to impress upon Pakistan to restore the razed temple in Karachi and ensure safety of the minority community,\" he said during zero hour.Mahtab said that despite Sind High Court's stay on the matter till December 7, the temple was razed last Saturday which affected adjacent houses of the Hindu community.Meanwhile, the BJP leaders, including MPs J P Nadda and Balbir Punj, submitted a memorandum to Bashir, demanding suitable laws to protect religious minorities and their properties in Pakistan.\"The latest case of a 200-year-old Hindu temple demolished in Bhimpura locality in the southern port city of Karachi is dreadful and painful for the BJP. The Shri Ram Pir Mandir reportedly demolished and more than 40 Hindus rendered homeless is gross injustice and unacceptable to the BJP,\" the memorandum said.\"The BJP is alarmed and shocked by these tragic affairs concerning Hindus in Pakistan. Hindus are forced to convert and Christians complain of Pakistani blasphemy laws. It seems that there is a climate of fear for minorities,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nagapattinam", "code": "17485905", "title": "Fishermen strike work after Sri Lankan navy detains 40", "text": "NAGAPATTINAM: Fishermen from Akkaraipettai village began an indefinite strike from Monday night following the detention of 40 of their counterparts by the Sri Lankan navy. The protesters are demanding the immediate release of the detained fishermen.Sources said that on Monday morning, Sri Lankan naval personnel captured the 40 fishermen from Nagapattinam district and Karaikal in Puducherry, for allegedly fishing beyond the international maritime boundary line (IMBL) in the Sri Lankan waters. Of these, 22 hailed from Nagapattinam.About 10,000 fishermen in Akkaraipettai village that accounts for 80% of the fishing venture in the district struck work from Monday night, demanding the release of the fishermen. As many as 500 boats (both fibre and mechanised boats) remained on shore in the village.\"We would not venture into the sea until the release of our fishermen from Sri Lanka is ensured. The problem has remained unresolved for so many years. But the successive governments at the Centre have not paid heed to reach a solution in the issue,\" G Manoharan, the president of Akkaraipettai village, said.According to Manoharan, the strike would cause a loss of Rs 3 crore everyday. Due to the strike, the export of fish across Tamil Nadu and neighbouring states like Andhra and Kerala, from here came to a halt.Usually, the Indian fishermen cross the IMBL eyeing more fish as there is a dearth of catch in the Indian waters.Manoharan said, \"We have no option other than crossing the border for our survival as the trawling fishing method adopted by us results in scarcity of fish like prawns in the long run. However, the Gillnet methods used by Sri Lankan fishermen help maintain the catch level. Even though we are ready to switch to Gillnet method for six months in a year, the government is yet to come out with a decision. So, we demand the government to take steps on this issue on a war-footing.\"Sources from the fisheries department in Nagapattinam said no communication has been received so far about the release of the fishermen.About 10,000 fishermen in Akkaraipettai village that accounts for 80% of the fishing venture in the district struck work from Monday night, demanding the release of the fishermen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17485038", "title": "Waraich's appointment as NIPER registrar set aside", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court has set aside the appointment of RJP Singh Waraich as the registrar of Mohali-based National Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research (NIPER).Justice Rajesh Bindal has passed these orders while allowing a petition filed by Dr Parikshit Bansal.Coming down heavily on the selection committee, the bench said, \"There was no experience certificate produced on record by the respondent even till the date of interview. The selection was being made to the post of responsibility. Casualness in the process could not be expected, as is evident from the case in hand\".Terming the appointment as without application of mind by the selections committee, in its 24-page judgment, the HC also held that the appointing authority in the present case was misled, while considering the entire service career of 23 years of Waraich as relevant experience and awarded the marks accordingly, whereas in the written statement before the court, it stated that he was having 16 years of experience on a gazetted post.Petitioner in this case had argued that Waraich did not fulfill the criteria, and his selection was a result of favoritism. It was also contended that there were other meritorious candidates fulfilling the requisite qualifications and even better qualified, but still were ignored.NIPER had issued advertisement for the post of Registrar in 2011, following that several candidates had applied for it. After considering the eligibility of the applicants, the interview was held and finally RJP Singh Waraich was selected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17484117", "title": "HDFC's blood donation drive on Dec 7", "text": "INDORE: Private sector lender, HDFC Bank, will hold a nationwide blood donation campaign on Friday. As a part of the campaign, the regional unit of the bank will also hold a blood donation camp at Indore on the day between 10 am and 5 pm at two locations including HDFC Bank House (Opp Bombay Hospital) and Institute of Management Studies (DAVV campus). More than 200 people are likely to participate.Co-ordinator, Blood Donation Campaign of the bank in Indore, Hemant Kate told ToI, \"A team of doctors from the MY hospital will be present on the occasion. Blood collected during the camp will be later handed over to MYH.\"The blood drive will cover 572 cities across the country. People are likely to donate blood in any one of the 974 designated centres set up by the bank. The Bank has tied up with major hospitals and blood banks across these cities for technical assistance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17485526", "title": "Other educational institutes should also make their campus vehicle-free", "text": "PEC's move to free its campus of vehicular traffic in a phased manner is an initiative which needs to be emulated by other educational institutes as well. The PEC authorities have done well by introducing restrictions on vehicles in a phased manner. The death of a 21-year-old student on the campus should serve as a wake-up call for other institutes like Panjab University and CCET where students zoom past on two wheelers and high-end cars posing risk to others.Related story:  Punjab Engineering College campus to be vehicle-free", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17484250", "title": "Customs official booked by CBI", "text": "KOCHI: In a major breakthrough that revealed the nexus between customs and the red sander smuggling racket, which operated through the Vallarpadom International Container Transshipment Terminal (ICTT), the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Tuesday unearthed the role of a senior customs official who is alleged to have helped the gang.The CBI registered a case against customs superintendent N Ajith Kumar after a probe found that the officer had allegedly colluded with the racket to help them smuggle red sanders from ICTT. Cases were also registered against two individuals identified as Yusuf of Thrissur and Raveendran Ellayath of Kochi.\"We conducted surprise raids at the office and residence of the customs official and seized various documents. The said officer was in charge of the freight station at Wellingdon Island from where the container was cleared for shipment after customs checking,\" CBI officials said. On November 18, the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) seized a container with red sanders that was brought from Tamil Nadu to be smuggled to Dubai from ICTT. The DRI had earlier seized a consignment of red sanders which was cleared from the same freight station by the customs. \"In the earlier incident too, we suspect the role of the customs superintendent. We are probing the role of the officer in detail. While Yusuf was the person who had booked the consignment, Raveendran was the shipping agent,\" CBI officials said.The CBI launched a probe into incident after they received information about alleged links between certain customs officials and the smuggling racket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17485272", "title": "Dance &amp; music to liven up Gursharan's 'Kim'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: He believes that theatre and music can truly connect people to their inner self, particularly in today's fast, competitive world. \"If music and theatre can give happiness, it will be an ideal situation in contemporary times,\" said Gursharan Singh, noted music and theatre resource person who is in the city.Gursharan is here to prepare school students for a musical adaptation of Rudyard Kipling's celebrated book \"Kim.\"Former head of Doon School's music and theatre department, who has performed at concerts in the UK, Europe, Australia and the Middle East, Gursharan said that he has been working with children for the last 20 years and there is a flood of resources like the internet for students to learn from nowadays.\"There is so much resource material available for students that teaching itself has become more challenging,\" he added.Gursharan, a sitar maestro, who is a disciple of Padma Bhushan Ustad Halim Jaffer Khan, admits that theatre, particularly in cities like Mumbai has changed for the better.\"Kim,\" informs the director is set in British India and is a captivating tale of a white boy who is in love with all things Indian. He takes a liking to a Tibetan Lama and protects him in all ways despite a major distraction caused by a comely woman. The use of an original musical score created by Gursharan himself makes the rendition holistic and a joy to watch.The thematic strands of the weave and fabric of the plot have been brought out nicely through Gursharan's well-coordinated direction.Describing how he is using music to make the play more interesting, he said, \"There will be song and dance sequences that will highlight the dramatic part of the play. It is lovely working with young students, which I have been doing for over two decades now.\"\"Kim\" will be staged by almost 500 students for the 11th Founders Day celebrations of Dikshant International School, Zirakpur on December 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17485177", "title": "Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation set to take over unused Kenexa land", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC) all set to take over the undeveloped 21.7 acres of land out of the total 25 acres allotted to Kenexa Technologies on Hill No. 2 in the IT SEZ at Rushikonda.APIIC zonal manager TV Ramanamurthy told TOI that a notice to that extent has already been served on Kenexa and that the land would be taken over in a couple of days. However, in a bid to thwart APIIC from taking over the land from Kenexa Global, which is now a part of IBM, it is learnt that Kenexa India has already made APIIC a party to a legal suit they had filed in a civil court in Hyderabad in November against Kenexa Global and IBM Corporation.\"Anticipating that Kenexa Global and IBM Corporation would return the 21.7 acres of lease land to APIIC, we made APIIC a party to the legal suit filed by us. It has been received last Friday and dated by the judge today,\" said Kenexa India director Aneeta Sakuru.But this claim was denied by the APIIC. \"We have not received any such communication so far from any authority. We are going ahead with the takeover as Kenexa India has failed to fulfill the employment criteria,\" said the APIIC zonal manager.IBM Corporation had agreed to take over Kenexa Global on the condition that the excess land under its Indian arm be returned to the government, an issue that has pitched Kenexa India against Kenexa Global and IBM.Incidentally, the New York Stock Exchange-listed Kenexa Global is also understood to have issued a press release earlier this week stating that the company has reached an agreement with the government of Andhra Pradesh to transfer undeveloped land at the company's Vizag facility back to the government.\"Kenexa will retain approximately four acres of land that houses its Vizag facility wherein Kenexa currently employs nearly 500 people. Kenexa has sufficient land for the employees to conduct daily business in Vizag and the government has an opportunity to facilitate new development and job creation on the undeveloped land being transferred to the government,\" Kenexa Global CEO Rudy Karsan is quoted in the statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17485571", "title": "Haryana to provide 95 AC vegetable vending carts", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana Horticulture Department has decided to provide 95 air-conditioned vegetable vending carts on 90 per cent subsidy to vegetable vendors belonging to scheduled caste families so as to encourage them to expand their business in the state.The vegetable vending carts costing Rs 1.40 lakh each would be provided to the beneficiary at Rs 14,000, a spokesman of the Department said here today.He said the diesel run air-conditioned vegetable vending carts would visit cities and towns and provide fresh vegetables to the consumers.The spokesman said that each diesel run air-conditioned vegetable vending cart costs Rs 1.40 lakh and out this amount the beneficiary would have to pay Rs 14,000.The remaining cost of Rs 1.26 lakh would be borne by the Horticulture Department as subsidy.He said with the implementation of this scheme, not only the people belonging to SC category would get employment but the people also would get fresh vegetables at their doorstep.Also from the marketing point of view, this vehicle would prove to be beneficial to the farmers, he said. The body of this vehicle had been designed in such a way that it could easily pass through the streets of cities and towns, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "17486204", "title": "Cellphone seized from undertrial", "text": "MIDNAPORE: A mobile phone was seized from an undertrial of Midnapore central jail after a Kharagpur-based businessman accused the prisoner of threatening to kill him unless he paid Rs 1 lakh.Police said that Sheikh Tanveer lodged a complaint against Rajesh Singh alias Raja, who was arrested on charge of dacoity seven months ago, on Sunday. The police informed the jail authorities, who conducted an investigation and found a phone in Raja's possession on Monday.Rajesh Singh, alais Raja, was arrested from Kharagpur seven months ago on charges of dacoity.He was an undertrial prisoner in the jail. Kharagpur businessman Sheikh Tanvir alleged that Raja called him from the jail on Saturday evening and demanded Rs 1 lakh. The jail inmate also threatened to kill him if he failed to pay the sum, alleged Tanvir who was asked to deposit the money to his associate. The businessman lodged a complaint against Raja in Kharagpur town police station on Sunday. The police informed the jail authorities who conducted an investigation and found a mobile phone in Raja's possession on Monday evening. Midnapore central jail superintendent Khagendranath Bir said a mobile had been recovered from Rajesh Singh. An investigation is on to find out if Rajesh actually made the call to Tanvir, said the jail super.Kharagpur town police station's inspector-in-charge Arunabha Das said a complaint had been received against the prisoner from Tanvir and an investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17486426", "title": "Corporation warns private hospitals against dumping bio-medical waste at dumpyard", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city corporation has warned of initiating stern actions including criminal action against hospitals, clinics and private laboratories if they are found guilty of dumping bio-medical waste in the municipal garbage bins.City mayor SM Velusamy and corporation commissioner TK Ponnusamy convened a meeting with representatives of all major private hospitals in the city at the corporation main office on Tuesday.\"We will not spare any hospital in the city if they illegally dump bio-medical waste along with general municipal waste. The hospitals are required to ensure that they properly segregate regular waste and bio-medical waste on a daily basis,\" Velusamy said.However, the hospital representatives at the meeting claimed that they hand over the bio-medical waste to a private agency entrusted with the task. They blamed numerous private laboratories and clinics for the illegal dumping of bio-medical waste.\"Almost all hospitals have been registered with the private bio-medical waste collection agency except for private clinics and labs functioning in the city. We should also take note that there are numerous patients who undertake medication like insulin shots and other minor wound dressings at their residence and these could be the source of bio-medical waste found in the corporation's garbage bins,\" said DR AK Ravikhumar, secretary, Private Hospitals and Nursing Home Board, IMA Tamil Nadu.On an average, city hospitals generate about 2,000 kg of bio-medical waste. As per an agreement, all private medical facilities along with the 20 urban health posts and the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital have to hand over the waste to Tekno Therm, a private agency entrusted with the responsibility of bio-medical waste collection and disposal at their incinerator facility near Chettipalayam.\"In case the bio-medical waste is not collected on the same day, the hospital can register a complaint with the city corporation and we will take necessary action,\" Ponnusamy said.The corporation officials instructed the hospital authorities to ensure that they also ensure proper disposal of sewage water from their buildings. The meeting was held after the city corporation officials found about two kilogram of bio-medical waste illegally dumped along with solid municipal waste at Vellalore dump yard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17486859", "title": "Healthy diet can prevent 2nd heart attack", "text": "NEW DELHI: Diet has been found to be as powerful as pills in preventing a second heart attack.Making your diet hearthealthy \u00e2\u20ac\u201d rich in fruits, vegetables and fish \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has been found to significantly reduce the chance of a second heart attack and stroke in people with cardiovascular disease, alongside drug therapies like aspirin, lipidlowering agents and beta blockers. A fiveyear study of almost 32,000 patients (average age 66.5 years) in 40 countries by McMaster University found that those who ate a heart-healthy diet had a 35% reduction in risk for cardiovascular death, 14% reduction in risk for new heart attacks, 28% reduction in risk for congestive heart failure and 19% reduction in risk for stroke.\"At times, patients don't think they need to follow a healthy diet since their medications have already lowered their blood pressure and cholesterol \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that is wrong,\" said Mahshid Dehghan, the study's lead author and nutritionist at the University's Population Health Research Institute PHRI). \"Dietary modification has benefits in addition to those seen with aspirin, angiotensin modulators, lipid-lowering agents and beta blockers,\" he said. The study has been published in the American Heart Association Rapid Access Journal.Each year, at least 20 million people worldwidesurvive a heart attack or stroke. While drug treatments such as aspirin substantially lower their risk of another heart attack , the McMaster study is the first to show that a high quality diet also significantly lowers their risk.For the study, participants with cardiovascular disease were asked how often they consumed milk, vegetables, fruits, grains, fish , nuts, meat and poultry over the past 12 months. They were also asked about lifestyle choices such as alcohol consumption, smoking and exercise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17483938", "title": "Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation to collect holding tax as per old rate", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government on Tuesday allowed the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) to collect holding tax according to the old rate. The civic body had written to the principal secretary of housing and urban development department around a month back seeking permission for the same.The BMC had notified the new tax rate in December 2010. But it was stayed by the high court in August 2011 following a petition by a citizens' association in Bhubaneswar. Since then, the civic body could not collect the tax. It has resulted in pending tax dues of around Rs 10 crores.\"There won't be any violation of the high court order if BMC restores the old rate of holding tax. BMC is allowed to take appropriate follow up action,\" said a letter sent to the BMC from Hrushikesh Tripathy, director, municipal administration.BMC commissioner Sanjib Mishra said, \"Collection of holding tax has been pending since August 2011. So we wrote to the secretary of H&UD; department asking for permission to collect the same at the old rate. We have got the nod of the government.\"The corporation had decided to increase the tax rate 20 times than the old rates, which invited steep reactions from the citizens. \"The old rate for residential houses per 100 sq ft was Rs 48 but the new rate for the same area was fixed at Rs 988. Since the new rate was not implemented, we will collect tax as per the old rate,\" said K P Pati, deputy commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17486710", "title": "Ahead of match, Pakistan cricket board meet police to discuss security", "text": "CHENNAI: Officials from the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) on Tuesday met Chennai City Police Commissioner S George to discuss security measures ahead of the first one-day international between India and Pakistan to be played at M A Chidambaram stadium in Chepauk on December 30.Three one-day internationals and two T20 matches are to be played during the Indo-Pak series. This will be the first match after cricketing ties between India and Pakistan were snapped in 2008 following the 26/11 terror strikes in Mumbai.The PCB team, along with officials from the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) and Tamil Nadu Cricket Association (TNCA), met George at the commissionerate in Egmore to get a view of the security measures for Pakistani cricketers touring Chennai. George assured the officials that foolproof security measures would be in place at the hotel, stadium and en route.Nadeem Sarwar, PCB media manager, later told reporters, \"We met police officials in Chennai to discuss the security aspects and were satisfied with the preparations. They know their job well as they have handled several big events.\"When asked whether there was any specific security threat, he said the PCB did not foresee any trouble in Chennai. He said they have charted out plans for the support staff at the hotel where the players would be staying and at the stadium. The PCB team also visited MA stadium.The officials at the meeting included BCCI game development general manager R S Shetty, manager cricket operations Suru Nayak, Pakistan's Punjab police chief Sohail Khan, Pakistan security director Ehsan Sadiq, PCB cricket operations manager Usman Wahla and TNCA secretary Kasi Viswanathan.The tour consists of two T20 matches at Bangalore (December 25) and Ahmedabad (December 27) and three ODIs at Chennai (December 30), Kolkata (January 3, 2013) and Delhi (January 6).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17486387", "title": "Nayar almost wins it for hosts", "text": "MUMBAI: Wriddhiman Saha (38*) gatecrashed Abhishek Nayar's party (6-13 ) to deny Mumbai an outright victory and three bonus points on Tuesday. Nayar displayed a fine art of seam bowling, but failed to bowl out Bengal who hung on to force an enthralling draw. Resuming from their overnight score of 47 for 0, the visitors finished the fourth and final day on 198 for 7. Mumbai took home three points to take their points tally to 10.Fortunes swung for Mumbai after lunch when Nayar bowled a dream spell of 8-4-10-3. The Mumbai all-rounder seemed unplayable as he got the cherry to move both ways off the deck. With a reduced run-up and a change in his bowling action, Nayar whipped up pace and got the batsmen in two minds. The classic example was the dismissal of Manoj Tiwary . Nayar mixed it up to confuse the Bengal skipper and rattle his woodwork.\"I set him up. He was playing for something else. I thought I could try an inswinger because he was expecting an outswiger. The ball was doing quite a bit at that point,\"Nayar observed.The dropped catches hurt the hosts and Mumbai paid the price for dropping Saha twice. \"In the end you could say that the dropped chances of Saha let Bengal off the hook. But nobody does it on purpose,\" said Nayar, talking about Kshemal Waingankar dropping the Bengal keeper. Nayar struck in each of this three spells to return figures of 19-12-13-6.\"I worked really hard this off season and sorted out my run-up, some variations and my action. I even spoke to Zaheer Khan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17486647", "title": "Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act row sets assembly on fire, again", "text": "PATNA: The uproar in Bihar assembly over the alleged Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MNREGA) scheme scam continued for the second consecutive day on Tuesday when the entire opposition stalled the proceedings of the House and the Speaker was forced to adjourn the assembly thrice, twice in pre-lunch session and later when the House assembled after lunch.The penultimate day of the short winter session of the assembly remained disturbed due to pandemonium that started the moment Speaker Uday Narayan Choudhary took his seat. The opposition members, who, on Monday, had demanded CBI probe into the alleged Rs 6,000 crore scam in MNREGA as reported by a Delhi-based NGO after its survey in 10 districts' 2,500 dalit hamlets, continued to press their demand on Tuesday as well. Leader of opposition Abdul Bari Siddiqui and others had forcefully demanded CBI inquiry which was later rejected by the government on Monday. They had staged a walkout during the reply of rural development minister Nitish Mishra on Monday.On Tuesday, the opposition members disrupted the question hour. Its members trooped into the well of the House and shouted slogans. Despite that, the Speaker went ahead with question hour, though nothing was audible, and then adjourned the House for the first time till 12.30pm. A similar scene was witnessed when the assembly reassembled after the adjournment and somehow the Speaker carried on with zero hour and took up call attention notices and then again adjourned the House till 2pm. The third adjournment came when the House took up debate on the supplementary budget and due to acrimonious scene, the proceeding was adjourned till 4.30pm.Later in the evening, the opposition legislators led by Siddiqui went to Raj Bhavan to submit a memorandum to governor Devanand Konwar demanding a CBI inquiry into the alleged irregularities in the Centre's flagship rural job scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17488718", "title": "Bar Rafaeli tweets topless pic of herself", "text": "Supermodel Bar Refaeli - one of the most in-demand bikini models - posted a topless photo of herself on her Twitter account on Monday.Leonardo DiCaprio's former girlfriend had last posted a candid snap of herself during a painful-looking dental examination.The photograph features the former Sports Illustrated model topless, while submerged in water, with the caption, \"Watch your back!\"In the black and white image, Rafaeli can be seen from behind wearing nothing but a checkered string bikini bottom - with visible tan lines - as she coyly holds her triangle top, the Daily Mail reported.She also posted a mysterious picture of herself with five small children, and wrote: \"Can u think of a better day to start the day?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17489237", "title": "Against FDI but won't trouble government: Samajwadi Party", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the UPA on Wednesday continued talks with opposition parties to elicit their support to foreign investment in retail during the vote in the Lok Sabha, the Samajwadi Party (SP) said it was against the move but would not do anything to \"trouble the government\".\"We are in talks with opposition parties to persuade them to vote in favour of FDI in retail,\" minister of state for parliamentary affairs Rajeev Shukla said. The Lok Sabha would on Wednesday continue the debate on FDI before putting it to vote in the evening.Some consolation came from the SP that props the ruling United Progressive Alliance from outside.\"Netaji (SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav) has already made his position clear on the issue - that he is against FDI. Today, after the reply of the government, the Samajwadi Party will decide what to do at the time of the voting. We will not do anything to trouble the government,\" SP leader Ram Gopal Yadav told a news channel.Information and broadcasting minister Manish Tewari questioned the intent of the opposition.If the opposition wanted to \"persuade\" the government to roll back FDI, Tewari asked, then why did it go for a debate under Rule 184, which entails voting, instead of Rule 193 that states how a member would submit in writing his request for a discussion on a matter of urgent public importance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17486210", "title": "Indians should open their hearts to fostering: Expert", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Recently, 1,000 children who were without parents in Kansas, the US, were adopted by families. The parents of these kids had either died or had - as in most cases - abandoned them due to addiction to drugs or other substances. Nearly 90 per cent of the couples who adopted already had children and wanted to expand their families by accepting one of the abandoned kids as their own. Only 10 per cent were childless. And not one of them was Indian.Even as Dr Vishal Adma, medical director of KVC Healthcare shared these details, he said that Indians who are compassionate should also open their hearts to fostering, which is a very popular concept in the US.\"I am here to find out if the model of mental healthcare we follow in the US can be emulated in India,\" said Dr Adma, who belongs to Hyderabad. \"In the US, there are a large number of children who do not have parents in their lives. These children are provided psychiatric treatment and counseling and are placed with foster parents.\"The government sponsors the foster parents for their support, Adma said. \"In India, there must also be many children who can do well if they are placed with foster parents,\" he said. \"This concept should be introduced and accepted in this country as well.\"Adma is on a weeklong visit to Ahmedabad as well Hyderabad to understand the mental healthcare delivery systems. Since he is at the helm of an institute which has played a constructive role in the lives of 50,000 children in the US, he says he is looking at launching a facility which can help people locally.\"I know that mental health is seriously under-treated in India.,\" Adma said. \"Even as the World Health Organization reports almost the same levels of depression in cities in India and the US, there are only 3,000 psychiatrists in our country as against the requirement of 1.5 lakh specialists.I have come to explore the scope of giving back to the Indian society,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17483999", "title": "Digvijay Singh compares Narendra Modi to Ravana", "text": "BHOPAL: AICC general secretary and former chief minister Digvijay Singh on Tuesday compared Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi to Ramayana's legendary king of Lanka Ravana.Digvijay Singh was addressing a press conference in the Congress state headquarters here on Tuesday evening when speaking about the ongoing election campaigning in Gujarat, he said: With the help of latest technology, Narendra Modi speaks at one public meeting but he can be heard at ten different places throughout Gujarat. Reminds me of a certain character in The Ramayana who spoke through ten different mouths.''Speaking on projecting AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi as Prime Minister, Digvijay Singh said: He has the capability and is suitable to make a fine PM. And we will all be happy when it happens.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17486768", "title": "Auto driver returns jewellery", "text": "CHENNAI: An autorickshaw driver returned a bag containing a gold chain, earrings and cash left behind in his vehicle by a passenger in Velachery on Monday.The auto driver Sathishraja turned the bag in at the Velachery police station. He told police that he had picked up by a passenger at Velachery railway station and dropped him at Ullagaram.Sathishraja found the bag on the seat after reaching his auto stand at Velachery. Initially, he thought of finding the owner, and then decided to give it to the police. He did not know that it contained jewellery worth Rs 70,000.\"He knew it would be hard to trace the passenger and so came to us,\" an officer said. Police are trying to find the whereabouts of the owners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17486167", "title": "Unaware of Jindal \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcdeal\u00e2\u20ac\u2122, say Zee executives", "text": "NEW DELHI: During their examination last week, some top executives of the Zee group have denied knowledge of the Rs 100 crore advertising agreement made by Zee News and Zee Business editors and handed over to Jindal Group, a source said.In another development, the crime branch has sent a fresh notice to Zee Group chairman Subhash Chandra and his son Punit Goenka, asking them to join investigations on Saturday.The cops also approached the court seeking a day's custody of the editors, Sudhir Chaudhary and Samir Ahluwalia Chaudhary, as they want to confront them with each other and with Chandra to ask them about a reported 286 second telephone conversation between Chandra and Ahluwalia on September 19, minutes after their meeting with Jindal Group executives, sources said.The crime branch had last week examined four senior Zee executives who, according to sources, handle the advertisement deals of the company. These executives included former CEO Varun Das, legal head A Mohan and head of sales Amit Tripathi. A source said, \"All three claimed during examination that they had no idea about this advertisement agreement.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17485762", "title": "Four held in Jhalawar liquor trader murder case", "text": "JAIPUR: The police on Tuesday arrested four men in connection with murder of Jhalawar liquor trader Satyanarayan Choudhary. The four men were Choudhary's business partners and had hired contract killers to shoot him dead over business rivalry. The police have also launched a search for the killers.According to the police, 50-year-old Choudhary was sitting in car in a busy market when four men came to the vehicle and fired indiscriminately, killing him on the spot.Jhalawar SP Bal Mukund Varma told TOI that the police have arrested Ramgopal Choudhary, the former district president of Bhartiya Janata Party Kishan Morcha; Manoj Yadav, Vikki alias Vishal Kumar and Surendra Mewara.\"The four men were business partners of Choudhary. Recently, they began suspecting that Choudhary was involved in embezzlement of money invested by them. They had started a business of toll tax recovery from vehicles on highway, but suffered loses. The four men suspected that it happened due to Choudhary,\" Varma said.The officer also said Choudhary had left his home in Jhalra Patan to attend a wedding function in Bhawani Mandi on Friday. He picked up his two of his friends - Ramgopal Choudhary and Nishad Alam - and had attended the function. The trio was returning in Choudhary's Scorpio and he dropped Ramgopal and Nishad at Master Colony in Jhalawar and was about to leave the place when some men who were hiding there already started firing indiscriminately.\"It has come up during investigation that Ramgopal Choudhary and three others who were arrested had hired Ramesh Daulatpura, Bheema Singh, Shyam Singh and Ashok Mali to kill Choudhary,\" the officer said.The officer further said search is on for the four shooters. \"Ramesh Daulatpura had links with Bhanu Pratap Singh, a history sheeter who was also Choudhary's business partner. Singh had been gunned down along with two policemen by armed assailants in Bhilwara district's Bijolia village in September last year,\" the SP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "eluru (west godavari)", "code": "17484974", "title": "Man killed by assailants", "text": "ELURU (WEST GODAVARI): A newly married youth was allegedly kidnapped and brutally killed by unknown persons while he was returning with his wife after watching a movie on Sunday night. The victim was identified as a city-based electrician P Satya Venkata Vara Prasad, 25. Prasad married Amala, 20, just six months ago.While Prasad's bike was found at Siddantham Bridge in Pendugonda mandal on Monday evening, locals stumbled upon the body behind some bushes near the bridge on Tuesday morning after they found some foul smell emanating from the area. Penugonda police said the throat of the victim was slit and he had sustained severe head injuries. The police have registered a case of murder under Section 302 of IPC . According to the victim's wife, they were attacked by three unknown assailants while they were returning from the first show of a movie in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17485717", "title": "Ballot-wary Congress in hyper mode", "text": "JAIPUR: In yet another step to woo voters ahead of the 2013 assembly elections, the state government's redressal of public grievances (RPG) committee has been asked to assist people during the 'Prashasan shahron ke sang' camps being held in the urban areas. The RPG members have also been asked to play a monitoring role at the camps and prepare ground reports, which the committee would forward to chief minister Ashok Gehlot.The government has been holding camps in state's major cities to clear people's works related to land allotments, recognizing residential colonies, releasing pension and issuing birth/marriage/death certificates, among others, in a hassle-free and swift manner. Even as the 'facilities' being offered in the camps are the ones that ought to be completed smoothly in regular course of administrative functioning, the government has been presenting them as its special efforts towards solving people's problems. The camps allow a common man to complete tedious government procedures under a single-roof, as officials from all the government departments that directly deal with the people are present there.Unlike the camps organized in the past four years, the RPG has been attached to them this time to ensure that maximum number of people's basic grievances is solved ahead of the assembly elections. \"The RPG's nominated members are assisting people in getting their grievances redressed by coordinating with the government officials at the camps in their areas,\" RPG chairman Mumtaz Masih told TOI. \"Even if there are some unresolved problems after the camp gets over on December 25, our nominated members will pursue these with the authorities,\" Masih added.The district collectors too have been asked to coordinate with the RPG members, who are playing a 'link' between the government and the ruling party. At a recent Congress convention, party president Sonia Gandhi emphasized that the government and its ministers cannot afford to ignore party workers. In a prompt response to the party chief's concern, chief minister Gehlot appointed PCC general secretary Pukhraj Parashar as his officer-on-special-duty (OSD) so as to achieve coordination between the government and the ruling party. The RPG members' deputation at the 'Prashasan shahron ke sang' camps is being seen as another step in that direction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17488225", "title": "Dhanush's Kuthu dance in 'Ethir Neechal'", "text": "Not only has Dhanush penned two songs for his maiden production venture 'Ethir Neechal' starring Sivakarthikeyan and Priya Anand, he has also decided to shake a leg for a kuthu song in the film directed by Senthil, a former assistant of Vetrimaaran.Dhanush tweeted \"Glad 2 share dat I will b dancing for a song in my productions edhirneechal . Feeling awkward yet excited.kuthu paattu after ages!bring it on.\"The Kolaveri star is know for his dancing skills and more so in kuthu songs and the audience could well be in for a treat.Produced under his own banner Wunderbar Productions, Dhanush himself has penned down two songs for ' Ethir Neechal ', one of which is touted to be Kolaveri 2 by the director.Dhanush who shot to fame across the country with his ' Why this Kolaveri ' song from his movie '3' is busy with his debut in Bollywood playing the lead role in Raanjhnaa directed by Anand L Rai of Tanu Weds Manu fame.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17485222", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcStomach ache\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 suicides hide the real story", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Buried in obscure corners of newspapers are routine reports of suicide, with police statements that the victim took the step as he or she was suffering from 'unbearable stomach ache' or 'ill health.' Cases under 174 CrPC are booked, routine investigations carried out, postmortems follow and then the chapter is closed.But unbeknown to many, what connects most of these suicides apart from ill-health, chronic ailments and unbearable stomach pain is HIV/AIDS, which remains undisclosed due to the associated social stigma despite all attempts at awareness generation.\"At least 50 per cent of these health-related suicides are connected to HIV/AIDS as per the ongoing Millennium Death Study (MDH) being done by the Government of India and a Canada-based organisation and Stanley Medical College, Bangalore,\" said Kutikuppala Surya Rao, a general physician, who has decades of experience in research and treatment of HIV/AIDS and has been associated with the ongoing Millennium Death Study.\"The opportunistic ailments in an HIV-affected victim may manifest as fever, TB, diarrhea, jaundice, stomach pain and so on. But the stigma seems to kill more HIV patients than the ailment itself. Sometimes, after coming to know of the husband's HIV positive status, the wife who contracts the disease commits suicide. But fearing social ostracism, 'stomach ailments' or other causes are attributed to the deaths,\" explained Surya Rao.Not just doctors and forensic experts, even the police concur on the connection between chronic ailments and HIV in several suicide cases. Md Eliyas, inspector at One Town police station said, \"Suicides are medico-legal cases and hence postmortem becomes mandatory. Even though there may be suicides triggered by long-term suffering from chronic ailments and burden of expenditure, more often the real cause of suicide is concealed by the family members or in the suicide notes.\"\"Though no records are maintained specifically for ailment-related suicides, be it AIDS or venereal disease, there's a tendency to pass off such suicides citing reasons like unbearable chronic abdominal pain to dodge social isolation and humiliation,\" the inspector added.Besides the stigma, another cause of worry is the handling of the bodies of such victims during postmortem. A PG doctor from the forensic science department at King George Hospital, Vizag, pointed out that the HIV virus can remain alive for 24 to 36 hours in a dead person and up to six days if kept in ice at 4 degree Celsius.\"While dealing with such bodies, the doctors and medical staff need to put on special protective gear such as double or triple gloves, spectacles, double shoes, mask and use special instruments for autopsy. We need not open all body cavities and have to avoid blood from spilling over anywhere. But since the real status of suicide victims is often not known, special precautions are not taken even though we deal with 8-9 bodies per day,\" the doctor said.Dr Surendar Reddy, retired head of the department of forensics at Gandhi Medical College and Hospital, and currently guest faculty at Central Detective Training School and AP Police Academy, averred, \"Our experience shows that 5-10 per cent of the suicides are attributed to medical conditions, especially chronic pain, which may or may not be true. With hospitals often encountering shortage of HIV kits and unaware of the status of such patients, precautions aren't taken beyond universal safeguards. There should be some change of rules when it comes to conducting postmortem in specific cases instead of necessitating it for every medico-legal accident and suicide case.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17485223", "title": "New machine makes implants affordable at Mure hospital", "text": "NAGPUR: Pratiksha (name changed) wished to get an implant to fix one of her broken teeth. The cost of the procedure, however, kept her from doing so. Even when she was getting married, despite the desire to have the tooth fixed before the ceremony, she could not get it done. On Tuesday, however, she became the first patient to undergo an implant procedure at Mure Memorial Hospital's new dental implantology unit. Thanks to generous donations by Austrian giant W and H Dentalwerks.Technology might have paved the way to create wonders, but more often these advances are not within the reach of the common man. Two institutions, that still follow old school principles, have joined hands to provide this service in the city at affordable costs.An Austrian multinational giant, one of the leaders in dental precision instruments with a presence in 90 countries, W and H Dentalwerks donated an advanced machine to the dental unit of Mure Memorial Hospital. The machine will help the charitable hospital to provide the service to its patients at a much lower rate than it is available in the private hospitals. Only a few hours after the machine was inaugurated by Ernst Heiniger, area manager for the company, the first surgery was performed on it.\"We would be able to do many more root canals than we were doing earlier with the help of this machine. Previously, the procedure was being done manually but the machine will now increase the speed and efficiency of the procedure. This means that we would be able to serve more people than before,\" said director of the hospital, Vilas Shende.Heiniger met a few people who were waiting for months together to undergo the treatment at the hospital. \"We are pleased that a small step from our side can mean such a lot for the lives of so many people. The company has its focus on areas like education, health and family issues. Therefore, we have been attached to causes like SOS children village in Africa. Also, we are supporting the dental unit at the highest altitude in the world at Nepal ,\" he said. He said instead of donating money, it is always better to provide material support to causes that will make a difference and have responsible people looking after them.The in-charge of the dental unit of the hospital Dr Vikas Gajbhiye said that as dental implants are a costly affair, the new machine would help bring it within the means of the common man. \"With the government run hospitals being overloaded with patients, it becomes the duty of charity hospitals like ours to help share the burden. This is a step towards sharing,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17484081", "title": "Focus on skill enhancement: Agrawal to management students", "text": "BHOPAL: Management students should have a long-term vision with a focused effort on enhancing their skills rather than just focusing on campus placements and higher salary packages at the start of their career. These views were expressed by, Dr Pawan Agrawal, CEO of the Mumbai Dabbawalas, during an interactive session at Career Business School on Tuesday.Agarwal, an acknowledged communicator delivered a lecture to the students on 'supply chain and logistics management'.Management students keenly listened to the one-and-a-half hour long speech by Agrawal. \"More than the precise delivery of the lunch boxes it was the integrity of the 5000-odd dabbawalas, whose average education was up to eighth standard, that served as the basis for the success story of the delivery system,\" Agarwal said.In his lecture, Dr Agarwal emphasised that the management students should learn about 'customer satisfaction' approach from dabbawalas. \"In every season, dabbawalas are there to serve their customers without any delay. This could be gauged from the fact that they never went on strike in the last 120 years. This is what future entrepreneurs and managers should learn from them,\" he said.Agrawal said it is the responsibility of management teachers also to give more practical knowledge to the students. Despite the huge task of logistics involved in reaching two lakh three-tier lunch boxes every day, their error rate is one in 16 million, a success story that was received with standing ovation by the student community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17489098", "title": "Pakistani singer Hadiqa chopped her hair for a cause", "text": "Pakistani pop singer cum hairstylist Hadiqa Kiani recently got a new hairdo.Hadiqa informs us from Lahore , \"I have recently chopped my hair short . I had very long hair and it was not that I needed a change but for a special cause. I donated 12 inches of my hair for a cancer campaign and it will be made into a wig for the patients.\"Now that really sounds interesting, Hadiqa!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17484172", "title": "Mass settlement by Tamil people people in Munnar: police", "text": "KOCHI: People of Tamil origin are resorting to mass settlement in Munnar and Devikulam areas and this is suspected to be a move to get ownership of land, a report from the police intelligence wing says.Besides labourers who came for employment in estates, more people from Tamil Nadu have settled in the region, says the report filed by Intelligence SP M Muhammed Shafeer in connection with petitions in the Kerala high court seeking granting of lease deeds in Idukk district.Around 60 petitions related to granting of lease deeds are pending in the high court. The intelligence report says majority of areas in Kannan Devan Hills village, Vattavada and Kottakkavoor in Devikulam taluk are in the possession of people of Tamil origin.All the settlers who have approached the high court were granted ration cards in a batch in December 2008. They had obtained voter's ID cards ten years prior to that. Possession certificates were issued to the settlers by the village officer of Kannan Devan Hills village in 1997.Though more and more people from Tamil Nadu are settling in the region, there is no system at present to check whether these people own land in Tamil Nadu also, the intelligence report says.It says that allowing settlers to own land would result in law and order issues owing to language differences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17489075", "title": "Vijay's next to be called Thanga Magan?", "text": "Illayathalapathy Vijay has kick started his next flick with director A.L Vijay with Amala Paul playing his love interest for the first time. A.L.Vijay. The project which has been untitled until now has finally gotten a tentative title according to reports, which will be 'Thanga Magan'.Vijay is now in Mumbai shooting for the film and will be spending 40 days straight there hoping to complete a large portion of the film quickly. Cinematographer Nirav Shah has been roped in to handle the camera once more while G.V.Prakash Kumar will be composing the music.' Thanga Magan ' is a 1983 Tamil film directed by A.Jagannathan, starring Rajinikanth and Poornima in the lead roles. So it has to be seen the team will be permitted to use this title or not.Vijay who is riding high on the success of his latest hit ' Thuppakki ' directed by Murugadoss completed 20 years in Tamil cinema as a hero a few days back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17484037", "title": "Police believe murderer hailed from old city", "text": "BHOPAL: The modus operandi of the accused who killed the woman cashier indicates that he hailed from the old Bhopal area. A number of people have been rounded up in this connection and a breakthrough is expected anytime, officials added.Police believe that the accused entered the discom office from the front gate and probably escaped from the same route.The deceased, Meera Ahuja, a resident of Om Nagar near Halalpur, was alone at the cash counter when unidentified accused attacked her with the sharp-edged weapon and ran away with around Rs 2 lakh cash kept at the counter.The other employees came to know of the incident when the profusely bleeding woman somehow managed to go to the upper floor of the office.The city police have also convened a meeting with power company officials on Wednesday to discuss the security issues at the latter's offices, particularly at the collection centres.The energy minister Rajendra Shukla and former chief minister Digvijay Singh and leader of the opposition Ajay Singh separately visited the house of deceased on Tuesday.Weapon available in open marketPolice has claimed that the sharp-edged weapon used to murder the woman cashier of central region power distribution company is easily available in the city, generally sold in old Bhopal areas like Laxmi Talkies and Mangalwara.It is locally termed as Pachak (similar to a dagger) and is sold at a price of around Rs 200-250, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17485256", "title": "Paralytic gets jail for rape bid on disabled girl", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced a paralytic person to five years in jail for trying to rape an intellectually and physically challenged girl. Additional sessions judge Kamini Lau sentenced 35-year-old Raj Kishore for \"digitally raping\" and molesting his 14-year-old neighbour after confining her in his room.The court said though the convict is suffering from paralysis on the right side of his body, he has normal sensation and there is no problem on his left side. \"No doubt, convict Raj Kishore is physically handicapped but I may observe that the victim, herself, is physically deformed and mentally much behind her age (retardation),\" the judge said while also imposing a fine of Rs 10,000 on him.The prosecution said the incident took place in February when the victim, who is unable to speak clearly, was at her home in Haiderpur with her siblings while her mother had gone for work.The accused called the girl to his house on the pretext of some cleaning work. He molested the minor and injured her grievously while trying to rape her, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17484739", "title": "Migrant Council seeks release of six Andhra men", "text": "HYDERABAD: Officials of the Migrant Rights Council (MRC) are set to meet the six Karimnagar prisoners languishing in Dubai for seven years after their wives sought permission to sell their kidneys last month to pay for blood money.The five member team is in Dubai to talk to authorities on whether 1200 Indian prisoners, one-third of which are from Andhra Pradesh can complete the remaining term of their sentence in their homeland.\"These men were reportedly wrongly convicted for the murder of a Nepali there in 2005 and sentenced to 24 years imprisonment. Later, the deceased's family agreed to pardon them if they paid Rs 15 lakh as blood money. But as these men are very poor, they have not been able to pay,\" said M Bheem Reddy, vice president of MRC AP.\"The president of MRC AP, P Narayana Swami will meet them along with social workers and try to discuss the option of serving their remaining term in India or attempt to source funds for the blood money,\" Reddy said.On November 12, the wives of these six people filed a petition to the AP State Human Rights Commission and the chief minister seeking permission to sell their kidneys in order to raise the Rs 15 lakh required to release their husbands. Living in extreme poverty, these women decided to take this shocking step as they felt it was their only option.\"The government is neither giving us the money nor the permission to sell our kidneys. Our life is a very difficult one here without my husband,\" said S Padma, wife of Shivarathri Hanmanthu and mother of a seven year-old daughter.\"My daughter has not even seen her father as I was pregnant when he left for Dubai in search of employment,\" she added. S Rena, wife of Shivarathri Mallesh also lamented the government's indifference to their circumstances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17484337", "title": "Retail prices of vegetables nearly double", "text": "PUNE: Retail prices of vegetables remained 80% to 100% higher in the city on the fourth day of the commission agents' strike, though the wholesale market received around 13 tonne vegetables and fruits on Tuesday, compared to 11 tonne on Monday.The commission agents at the wholesale market are on strike since December 1 against the state marketing department's decision to fix a flat commission rate of 6% on every transaction made in the agriculture produce market committees across the state. Earlier, the agents in the Pune market were charging 6 to 10% commission per transaction.On a normal day, the agriculture produce market committee (APMC) here, popularly known as Gultekdi Market Yard, receives about 30 tonne vegetables and fruits. Around 60% of this is supplied to other districts places and to smaller wholesale markets. It was not clear how much produce was actually consumed in the city as there were many suppliers from the fringe areas who directly sell their produce to customers or to local retail vendors.A senior official from the APMC told TOI: \"The supply to other districts and markets is now going directly, instead of going via the APMC Pune. This led to the drop in the quantum of produce reaching the Pune market committee. Since we do not know how much vegetables and fruits is consumed locally, it's not clear whether the current supply of 13 tonne is sufficient or not.\"On Monday, state marketing minister Radhakrishna Vikhe Patil has urged the commission agents' association to find a middle path. The minister has asked the director of marketing Kishor Toshniwal, other officials of the department, and representatives of the Shri Chhatrapati Shivaji Market Yard Commission Agents Association to hold a meeting on Thursday. A final decision on the issue will be taken on December 10.The APMC administration has deployed its employees to help the farmers bring their produce to the market. However, the farmers said that buyers - mainly retail vendors and canteen and hotel operators - were offering very low prices.Shivlal Bhosale of the commission agents association said, \"The government is unnecessarily stretching this issue. The farmers who bring their produce to the market cannot wait for long, hence the buyers are quoting lower prices. Farmers are not earning much, while the retail vendors are enjoying heavy profit margins. It also means that the common man is paying more for vegetables. The government should act immediately and revoke its decision of 6% commission per transaction.\"Rajendra Landge, a farmer from Purandar, said: \"We have formed a group in Purandar and one of us transports the vegetables to the APMC everyday in rotation. We used to get Rs 80 to 100 per 10 kg tomato. Today, the highest rate offered was Rs 70 per 10kg. Similarly, spring onions and cow peas (chawli) normally get Rs 700 and Rs 500 respectively for 100 bunches. Today, we had to sell it at Rs 600 and Rs 400.\"A group of farmers met APMC administrator B G Deshmukh on Tuesday and demanded immediate solution to the strike.Green grocers in the retail market, meanwhile, continued to charge higher prices for vegetables and fruits. Generally, they allow customers to bargain and sell their produce at slightly lower prices. Since the strike started, many retailers have stopped bargaining and sold vegetables at a fixed price, which was higher than the normal rates.In most retail markets, normal tomatoes were sold at Rs 40 per kg, while small tomatoes were sold at Rs 30 to 35 per kg. Cucumber, gourd, cluster beans, cabbage, cauliflower, green peas, lady finger and even onion also become costlier.When asked about the price variation in the wholesale and retail markets, Sunil Kate, a vendor from Mahatma Phule Mandai, said: \"Earlier, we could buy from commission agents and pay in installments. But, since the strike started, we have to pay the full amount to farmers as they just want to sell their produce and go back. This results in higher prices in the retail market.\"IT professional Vishal Joshi of Deccan Gymkhana said, \"Vegetable prices are so high that I cannot buy them regularly. I am living alone and I love to cook. But, with such high prices I cannot try my hand in the kitchen frequently.\"Sagar Yerale of Model colony said, \"The prices have almost doubled. I cannot go and buy vegetables from the wholesale market also. I have been advised to drink bitter gourd juice regularly, but the retail price is close to Rs 50 per kg, which I cannot afford. The government should intervene in the issue and stop the exploitation of common man.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17486048", "title": "MS Dhoni keeps cards close to his chest", "text": "KOLKATA: MS Dhoni has stuck to his guns even in the wake of defeat on a turning track at the Wankhede, but his plans to go into the third Test with three spinners is suddenly under threat.Harbhajan Singh , for whom the Eden Gardens is a happy hunting ground, is down with fever and the Indian skipper's hand may be forced by circumstances. \"He's down with flu so he could not join practice today,\" Dhoni said.Should Harbhajan miss out on his 100th Test on Wednesday, India will have to bring in a medium-pacer . Who gets to partner Zaheer Khan in such a scenario will be a toss-up between fit-again Ishant Sharma and local lad Ashok Dinda .Significantly, many feel that Zaheer is not at his best fitness. \"You will have to wait and watch. Both have been bowling well, but they are different types of bowlers. We will decide who we need,\" said Dhoni, playing the cards close to his chest.The skipper stressed on the importance of getting things right in the first innings . \"It sets up the game. It's very important to be at par on the first two or three days as we have seen the game changes over the last two days,\" he said.Pointed out that the Indians didn't get the starts they needed in Mumbai, the skipper was quick to defend his openers. \"We are a side that relies a lot on the openers but we don't want to put extra pressure on them.What's important is they enjoy the game,\" Dhoni said. \"Viru is someone who loves to go out and express himself . We just want both Viru and Gautam to back the kind of game they play.\"His own lack of form came up for scrutiny, but Dhoni chose to dismiss suggestions that the cares of captaincy were intruding upon it. \"It's very demanding but I don't think it affects your game a lot because at the end of the day, you are an individual and bring character to the side,\" he said.I don't have a platform like them. I am not on TV assessing neither do I write columns. But the same people run you down when you do not do well. I am not bothered by what is being said. Leading the side for the last three or four years you get in a situation to handle pressure. The good thing is you see both sides of the coin. The important thing is you learn to walk the middle path.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17485644", "title": "30 people sustain injuries in two accidents", "text": "JAIPUR: Rising road accidents continue to make commuters feel unsafe while driving in the city. At least 30 people were injured in two road accidents in the city's Shashtri Nagar and Muhana areas on Tuesday.According to police, about 14 passengers were injured when a Rajasthan Roadways bus lost balance and rammed a tree in Diggi Road area near Teelawala around 4.30 am.\"Most of the passengers are from Tonk district. They were on their way to Jaipur when the driver lost control of the vehicle. Passengers were sleeping when the mishap occurred,\" said a police officer.The officer said police teams were rushed to the spot and the passengers were taken to two nearby hospitals. \"Most of them have been discharged after primary treatment,\" he added.In yet another mishap, a mini-bus turned turtle in front of Garwal Hospital in Shashtri Nagar around 11.30 am. \"About a dozen passengers sustained injuries. The driver, who had jumped off the bus before it overturned, fled from the spot fearing public ire,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17485802", "title": "SC wants uniform amenities for tribunal heads", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday expressed anguish over the lack of uniformity in facilities provided to sitting and retired judges of the Supreme Court and high courts appointed as heads of quasi-judicial tribunals and warned that it would consider stopping such appointments if it was not set right in eight weeks.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya gave eight weeks to the Centre to examine lack of uniformity in statutes governing appointments, tenure and facilities including accommodation provided to judges heading judicial or quasi-judicial tribunals.The bench said if the government failed to correct the anomaly, the court could be forced to stay all further appointments of heads of such tribunals till a uniform policy on these issues was evolved.There are over 60 tribunals functioning in the country which are headed by either sitting or retired judges of the SC and high courts. The apex court said denial of appropriate official and residential space to these judges impeded the work of the tribunals. \"We are interested in evolving a uniform pattern to be fixed,\" it said.\"We see there is marked difference in the tenure of these appointments. In some cases, it is two years while in others, it is five years,\" said the bench, referring to a chart prepared by amicus curiae and senior advocate P P Rao. \"We will stay all appointments till a uniform policy comes into existence,\" the bench told additional solicitor general Paras Kuhad, after going through the chart.Kuhad informed the court that that the government was sincerely examining the matter. The bench allowed eight weeks time for the purpose and said, \"If the prime minister is apprised of the anomalies while the issue is kept pending in court, he will surely tell his officers to bring uniformity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17485175", "title": "FDI: Congress woos Mulayam, Maya for Rajya Sabha numbers", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the BSP continuing to resist the Congress's persuasion to openly support the decision to allow foreign retail chains into the country, the government on Tuesday furiously cranked up its efforts to dodge a likely defeat in Rajya Sabha.On a day when the SP and the BSP, serial saviours of the government in crunch situations, slammed the FDI decision in the Lok Sabha debate, the government was preoccupied with the worry of losing the numbers game in the other House. Unlike in the Lok Sabha, where the SP and BSP can help the government clear the numbers test by merely abstaining, the UPA will need the direct support of one of the UP outfits to score a certain win.The BSP, just like the SP, did not join other non-UPA parties in insisting on a debate in Rajya Sabha under a voting clause, Rule 168 to be precise, besides declaring in Lok Sabha its inability to join communal forces: code for the BJP. However, the Congress's hopes of persuading the BSP to turn its indirect assistance into open support by voting against the opposition failed to materialize on Tuesday, leading UPA managers to fish for all possible numbers in the upper House.Congress sources said the BSP has expressed its inability to move beyond abstention during the vote in LS on Wednesday, citing the SP's decision not to vote with the government and arguing that it cannot afford to cede political mileage to its main foe.BSP chief Mayawati told Congress's emissaries that she would reveal her hand just before the Lok Sabha vote, at a meeting of her MPs she has called at 4 pm. However, Congress managers recognize that she may find it difficult to take a line different from Mulayam Singh Yadav , given their intense rivalry in UP; as well as that she may find it difficult to behave differently in RS when the upper House takes up the vote on Friday.After an urgent meeting, Congress sources expressed hope that the government would squeak through by four votes if it manages to ensure the presence of all the members who are non-aligned \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a category that covers Independents, the unattached as well as all nominated members except Sachin Tendulkar .The absence of the BSP and the SP will reduce RS's effective strength to 220, leaving the opposition with a wafer-thin edge. The anti-FDI column has 110 votes, pushing the government into a situation where the absence of even one of its members can lead to a politically embarrassing defeat. The BSP, with 15 members, can tilt the scales decisively.In contrast, the government is sure of smooth sailing in LS: its confidence reflected in its nonchalance when the SP and BSP launched a severe attack on FDI. With 43 seats between them, the two UP outfits can tilt the scales decisively in LS in case they choose to translate their rhetoric against FDI into a vote against government's decision, taking the number of anti-FDI votes to 261 as against 245 committed for the UPA.In attacking FDI, Mulayam was unambiguous. Yet, his barbs elicited earnest nods from the Congress brass led by Sonia Gandhi . The FDI vote is another demonstration of how the Congress has successfully balanced arch-rivals from UP into backing the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17485161", "title": "Araku\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s sunny fields shrinking in size", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: It's not just the pristine climes of Araku valley that tourists are sold on. The bright yellow carpet of Valasa flowers (mustard) is an image that makes a lasting impression on those visiting the picturesque valley, especially in the months of November, December and January. The vast acres of mustard plantation are as much of an attraction as the valley itself.But sadly enough, the Valasa cultivation spots in and around the valley are vanishing. While there was a time in the 80s and even the early 90s when these mustard oil seeds were cultivated over close to 8,000 hectares of land in and around the valley, experts in the horticulture department believe that the acreage today has reduced to one third of this (around 17,600 acres).Old-timers who have worked in the Visakhapatnam Agency recall that Valasa cultivation was an age-old practice, even ancient and unique to this region. However, in the past few decades, with changing local climatic conditions, the cultivation of Valsa seeds has been badly hit.A former field scientist with Soil Conservation of India observed, \"In the late 50s and early 60s, the soil conservation department encouraged tribals to take to organic Valasa cultivation to help control soil erosion. However, with good yields, the locals took up the task of reducing the forest cover by indulging in Podu (shifting) cultivation and reduced large tracts of thickly wooded forest land into Valasa fields.\" According to the SCI expert, by the 90s the climatic conditions in Araku changed, thereby making Valasa cultivation impossible.Andhra Pradesh Tourism Development Corporation (APTDC) divisional manager UM Rao too attested to this view, pointing out that he had seen the changes in the eco-system over the last three decades. \"In the late 70s and early 80s, the weather conditions were totally different, the forest cover was much thicker and the local clime was virtually chilly throughout the year because of which Valasa yields were high. Valasa can be cultivated only in cold and misty conditions. But once the climate started getting warmer mainly, due to deforestation, it was bound to be hit,\" said Rao.According to sources in the state-run Girijan Cooperative Corporation (GCC) too, there has been a drastic reduction in Valasa cultivation. Today it is grown over only a few thousand hectares and the yield too has come down. This despite the fact that at Rs 200 per litre, Valasa oil is twice as expensive as normal domestic refined oil in the market. Moreover, it is also of great export value and the seeds are noted for their medicinal value as they are rich in amino acids and their protein content is as much as 40% or more.However, the farmers have a different story to tell. \"We are not responsible for this. After all, what can we do if the yield is reducing? Many of us have taken to coffee cultivation and are doing other jobs. Tourism is a major player in our economy today,\" said Kirasani Seethiah, who works with the APTDC.Sixty-year-old Lachamma, who has cultivated Valasa seeds all her life, said, \"Though the seeds and oil fetch a good rate in the market, the farmers are paid peanuts - just about one fifth the rate it goes for in the market. With the decrease in yield, our income per acre has also come down to half and today we can no longer break even.\"Whatever the reasons, it is the tourists who are a miffed lot as they can no longer see the lovely yellow flowers blooming in the valley. Indrashi Gupta, a tourist who had visited first Araku in 1989, can't hide her discontent, \"I'm really disappointed, as when one thinks of Araku it is these yellow flowers that first come to mind.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17484131", "title": "It's MAT which matters more for SEZ units in state", "text": "INDORE: The minimum alternate tax (MAT) has begun to haunt the industrial units that are functioning under the special economic zone (SEZ).As per the recent amendment carried out in the Finance Act,2011 and which came to force on April 1, units under SEZ have become liable to pay tax under Section 155B at 18.5% + cess of the Income Tax Act, effective from the assessment year 2012-13. MAT is nothing but an advance tax to be paid by the SEZ units for a particular assessment year.According to the existing norms, the SEZ units have been completely waived off from any kind of tax for first five years after they commence operation. However, they have to pay tax only on half of their profitable income for next five years. Again, for next five years, those units are free from paying any tax on that part of profitable income which was reinvested within the SEZ under capital goods, plant &amp; machinery etcCurrently, there are seven notified SEZs in the state, but only two of them are functional and are located at Pithampur and Indore. While Pithampur SEZ, which comprises 35 units, became operational in the year 2003 and almost all of them are profitable ones. Crystal IT Park is another SEZ unit in Indore, which has become operational recently.There are three units under crystal IT Park that have recently become functional and which include Impetus and ClearTrail. At Pithampur, companies which are to be affected by the MAT include SRF and Flexituff as they have already completed five years since commencement of operation. An awareness camp was held by the officials from income tax and central excise &amp; customs at Pithampur SEZ recently to discuss the issues.Vice president, Impetus, which is having three of units at Crystal IT Park, said, \"MAT has been introduced since last fiscal only and we have got no other choice but to pay as of now. I believe that it is going to hit our cash flow and hence I would request the government to reduce it or even waive it so as to ensure the growth of the industry.\"Talking to ToI, Vinay Karn, additional commissioner of I-T, said, \"MAT will be helpful to the SEZ units which have their group companies outside SEZs and where they have been asked to pay income tax at the rate of 33.5%. So, the MAT will be credited into their account which can be adjusted with their tax liabilities after every five-year slab.\"AK Rathore, development commissioner, SEZ, said, \"There was some confusion among the SEZ units which we have tried to address by holding the awareness camp.\"Additional commissioner, customs &amp; central excise, RK Verma who is also a member of the unit approval committee, said, \"We are holding the next meeting of the committee here on Wednesday to discuss the issues further. At committee's meetings held in the past, we have been able to resolve more than 90% of the grievances.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "desireless, serene, immortal, self-existent, contented with the essence, lacking nothing, is he. one has no fear of death who has known him, the atman \u00e2\u20ac\u201d serene, ageless, youthful. atharva veda * you say", "code": "17482038", "title": "You are life!", "text": "Desireless, serene, immortal, Self-existent, contented with the essence, lacking nothing, is He. One has no fear of death who has known Him, the Atman \u00e2\u20ac\u201d serene, ageless, youthful. Atharva Veda * You say: \"He lost his life\" or \"my life\", as if life were something that you can possess or lose. The truth is: you don`t have a life, you are life. The One Life, the one consciousness that pervades the entire universe and takes temporary form to experience itself as a stone or blade of grass, as an animal, a person, a star or a galaxy. Eckhart Tolle * Without an ever-present sense of death, life is insipid. You might as well live on the whites of eggs. Muriel Spark", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17486729", "title": "Cathedral Road land case: Advocate gets HC nod to implead himself", "text": "CHENNAI: The 14-ground horticultural society land on the northern side of Cathedral Road, valued at about Rs 500 crore, is back in news, with the Madras high court permitting an advocate to implead himself as party to the pending PIL proceedings.Justice K Venkataraman permitted Y Bhuvanesh Kumar to be impleaded as a party, after the latter's counsel P Wilson submitted that the Supreme Court had asked the high court to implead Bhuvanesh Kumar, and that the petitioner's efforts were to save a valuable piece of land from private possession.The land was sought to be taken over by the previous DMK government as part of its Semmozhi Poonga project. The plan was to interconnect the two pieces of land lying on both sides of Cathedral Road. While the government succeeded in evicting a hotel and establishing a park there, the takeover could not be completed owing to assembly elections. The PIL now questions legality of an August 22, 2011 order of the district collecting confirming the title in favour of the Agri-Horticultural Society. Noting that the order had been passed with ulterior motive, the PIL wants it to be set aside. The matter will come up for hearing after three weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17484970", "title": "Conduct self audit: Vigilance department to civil supply department", "text": "PATIALA: Patiala vigilance department has written to authorities of food and civil supply department of five districts to submit self-declaration that \"all is well\" in their respective districts after conducting self-audit of their accounts. Move follows detection of huge misappropriation of grocery stock meant for underprivileged.\"We have sought a self-declaration from the authorities of five districts -- Sangrur, Barnala, Patiala, Fatehgarh Sahib and Mohali districts. They would first analyze their records and match their stock and then submit result of their latest inspection. If their officers have committed something wrong, we would take action and if everything is fine, we would keep their record with us for future inspection,\" said Patiala SSP Pritam Singh.Sources said shortage of staff in VB, Patiala, is the main reason. But complaints are regularly coming from various areas of these districts. Since many senior officers of food and civil supply department are allegedly minting money with the help of ration depot holder by misappropriating lakhs of government stock meant for poor, many initiatives taken by VB in past have failed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17485744", "title": "Real estate employee shot dead", "text": "NOIDA: A 25-year-old construction site supervisor was shot dead by unidentified armed assailants in Sector 96 in Noida on Monday. Police said that a security guard spotted the suspects with covered faces who fled on a motorbike and made a PCR call. \"Prima facie it seems to be a case of personal enmity,\" said police.The deceased has been identified as Abhimanyu who had been associated with the real estate company for the last two years. \"The incident took place at 6.30pm when two bikers allegedly shot the victim in the chest,\" said a police officer. The victim was found in pool of blood and taken to a nearby hospital by commuters where he was declared brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17485662", "title": "Politics behind MCG transfers?", "text": "GURGAON: The reshuffle in the city municipal corporation continues. Just days after the municipal commissioner was transferred, the chief engineer and an executive engineer were transferred on Tuesday. Even though senior officials reiterated these transfers were routine, speculation was rife that certain local politicians had a decisive role to play in these transfers.While the chief engineer B S Singroha has been transferred to the Urban Local Bodies department in Chandigarh, the executive engineer M R Sharma has been transferred to Hisar. Both these officials were working in the MCG for over two years now. The government is yet to announce their replacement. The MCG has only six executive engineers at present. Sources familiar with the development did indicate that the transfers could have been the result of the spate of demolitions taking place in the city. \"There have been a series of demolitions taking place in the city, especially in the 900-metre IAF ammunition depot area following a Supreme Court order to demolish illegal structures,\" said a source.\"Recently a similar drive was carried out in the Rajendra Park area and apparently the owner is a close aide of a certain local politician. The chief engineer and executive engineer were also part of the team that demolished these illegal structures. This politician in turn seems to have played a role in these transfers,\" he added.The MCG officials though were quick to rubbish these claims. \"These demolition drives are being carried out on the instructions of the Supreme Court and everyone is duty-bound to carry out the demolition drive. This is mere speculation and nothing more should be read into these routine transfers. These officials have been posted in Gurgaon for two years now and therefore they were transferred,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "17485639", "title": "Molestation victim of Bhagwant University gives statement before court", "text": "AJMER: The third-year girl student pursuing aeronautics in Bhagwant University and victim of molestation on Tuesday registered her statement in court. In her statement, the girl reiterated her allegations against the chairman of the university Anil Singh who called her at his residence and allegedly abused her sexually. At present, Singh is absconding while police had already arrested the hostel warden Vasudha Deviraj and is in jail.According to sources, the girl on Tuesday appeared before the judicial west court and registered her statement under Section 164 of criminal procedure Act. Sources said the victim reiterated the incident in which the chairman called her at his residence in the afternoon to talk on the relaxation of fees for the third year. The chairman then harassed and attempted to molest her. \"Police asked me to appear in court earlier but I had examination that made me to delay giving my statement,\" the victim said after coming out from the court.Meanwhile, police who had sent three different teams to New Delhi and Utter Pradesh to look for Singh returned empty handed and officials are assuming that Singh has fled to another country before they could get their hands on him. \"We are trying to keep in touch with our counterparts of other states to get the whereabouts of Singh,\" a police officer said.Meanwhile the court will hear on Thursday, the application of Singh who had applied for anticipatory bail. The prosecution has, however, demanded to instruct Singh to appear before the court on the final hearing of the application. \"Singh has given false information in his application and to verify those facts we want that he should appear in the court at that time,\" public prosecutor Vivek Parashar said.According to police, they had already arrested the girls' hostel warden Vasudha who was sent to judicial custody and her bail application was rejected by the competent court. \"We got information of Singh who reached Ajmer on that same day and also verified his presence in Ajmer through his mobile activation,\" an official source said.The police pursue the against the Singh vigorously just after Congress leaders complained to chief minister Ashok Gehlot accusing them of helping the university's chairman.Gehlot had showed concern in the matter after which the investigation was transferred to a deputy SP level officer. Even a committee of the state women commission investigated the matter that came here last week and recorded the statement of the victim and other persons involved in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "17488951", "title": "Yousuf not to be considered for India tour: Pakistan chief selector", "text": "KARACHI: Senior Pakistan batsman Mohammad Yousuf's Twenty20 and ODI career appears to be over after chief selector Iqbal Qasim made it clear that he would not be considered for the tour of India.\"Yousuf is not under consideration for the tour to India,\" Qasim told reporters when asked about the selection process for the coming tour that includes two T20 matches and three one-day internationals.\"As far as Yousuf is concerned we are not sure about his form and fitness right now and he will not be considered for the Indian tour,\" the former Test spinner said.Yousuf has not played any first-class cricket since mid last year and was recently named to lead the Lahore Lions side in the ongoing national T20 championship.But before the first match, Yousuf pulled out of captaincy in favour of Pakistan's T20 captain Mohammad Hafeez and after the first game for Lahore, has not played in the next two matches.Sources close to the former captain said he himself sees the writing on the wall and would now try to play in some first class matches before the tour to South Africa that begins from January 22.\"He will now take a final shot at a recall to the national team for the Tests in South Africa,\" one source said.\"That is why he is not playing in the national T20 event and wants to give the younger players a chance in the event,\" he added.Qasim said the best T20 and ODI squads would be announced for the Indian tour which was very important for the national team.\"We have two tough tours coming up and we need to do well in India as we have the gruelling tour of South Africa ahead of us. Definitely we are looking at the fast bowling resources available to us for both tours,\" the chief selector stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17484988", "title": "Burglars target another temple", "text": "HYDERABAD: Burglars struck at a temple in Ramanthapur and stole some money on Tuesday.According to police, thieves gained entry into Veera Brahmendra Swamy temple at Srinivasa Puram Colony in Ramanthapur in the wee hours of Tuesday by breaking the main gate lock.The burglars then turned the temple 'hundi' upside down to force cash out of it. \"As the hundi was turned upside down, coins fell on the floor and made a loud noise. Neighbours woke up due to the noise and burglars escaped from there,\" Uppal inspector N Lakshmi Kantha Reddy said.Before fleeing the place, the burglars picked up a small quantity of money that fell on the floor. Based on the complaint lodged by a representative of temple committee, police have booked a burglary case under sections 457/380 and 511 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17485566", "title": "HC blames state for V S Singh\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death", "text": "The Rajasthan high court on Tuesday lamented the death of senior IAS officer V S Singh, holding that negligence of the state government was a contributing factor.\"We are reading news of road accidents daily and young college-going students are losing their lives. Government has no control on traffic management. Death of IAS officer V S Singh is just one other case in the row and it was owing to the failure of the administration that the state lost a brilliant officer,\" the bench said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17484563", "title": "Government seeks 64 years as retirement age for public sector banks's chiefs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is set to overhaul the process of appointing the top management of two dozen public sector banks and financial institutions, including an increase in the retirement age to 64 years.Government officials told TOI that the finance ministry has moved a proposal to the Appointments Committee of Cabinet, suggesting that banking being a specialized activity, it needed chairmen and executive directors with at least a five-year term instead of the average tenure of one-two years at present. In fact, it pointed out that in technical departments, the retirement age was already increased to 64 years and argued for a similar dispensation for bank chairmen and managing directors, a move which is being seen as a precursor to raise the superannuation age in government-owned banks over the next few years.On August 10, TOI had first reported that the government may offer a five-year term to public sector bank chiefs.Short tenures at public sector banks are often seen as a major drawback given that their private sector players have CEOs, who not only have time to prepare a strategy but also implement it. ICICI Bank , for instance, gave Chanda Kochhar a five-year term in 2009, when she was still in her early forties. At rival HDFC Bank , Aditya Puri has been at the helm since 1994. In contrast, SBI chairman Pratip C Chaudhuri has a tenure of over two years, leaving his predecessor O P Bhatt's five-year term as the longest ever.The increase in retirement age of top public sector bankers would, however, be done in phases. Chairmen who are appointed in the next financial year would get a three-year term, which means they can work up to 62 years. Those appointed in 2014-15 will get a four-year term, while bank chiefs appointed from 2015-16 will have a tenure of five years. If the move goes through, State Bank of India and IDBI Bank would be among the first set of banks whose next chairmen could get an assured three-year term when they take charge in 2013-14.The proposal from the finance ministry has, however, raised eyebrows over the new selection criteria with bankers fearing undue political and government interference in top jobs at state-run financial giants. The ministry has suggested that of the 100 marks awarded, 35 be given for annual performance appraisals, another 35 for \"overall suitability and responsibility\" and the remaining be based on a candidate's performance in the interview. It is the second criterion that has raised eyebrows as it can swing the pendulum one way or the other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17486431", "title": "Taxmen monitoring election expenses", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17486436", "title": "Candidates of recent SET concerned over accuracy of results", "text": "COIMBATORE: Students who appeared for the State Eligibility Test (SET) two months ago are apprehensive about results due to the uncertainties in selection criteria which is yet to be announced. S Sreenivasan, who had appeared for the exam said there are valid reasons to be concerned.\"The main reason is that in the recently held National Eligibility Test (NET) the selection criteria were changed. They have not yet released the selection criteria for the SET exam,\" he said. The marks required to qualify for the exam was modified. This had caused confusion among candidates. Some students expressed their concerns regarding the evaluation procedure. Several students and academics say that there have been allegations of malpractices in the evaluation process.C Pichandy the general secretary of Association of University Teachers says university officials should make sure that the evaluation process is fool proof. \"There have been several allegations in some of the earlier examinations conducted by the university. The blame in those previous instances was assigned to temporary staff. Thus, the university should put a system in place to win the confidence of all,\" he said.Meanwhile, university officials says there is nothing to be worried about regarding the examinations. KG Senthil Vasan, the controller of examinations of Bharathiar University who was also in charge of the SET says they have taken all possible measures to maintain high standards. \"Doubts and allegations are unnecessary. We have taken the best possible steps to prevent any malpractices. The evaluation and entering of marks is done using software, minimising the human element, making it a fool proof system,\" he said.Regarding the selection criteria, it would be declared by the moderation committee of the University Grants Commission (UGC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17484912", "title": "It's chilly again as temperature falls to 10.7 degrees", "text": "NAGPUR: The yo-yoing temperatures of the city have touched a low again with the minimum temperature on Tuesday being 10.7 degrees on the Celsius scale, which is two degrees below normal. It was also the least minimum temperature for the day across Vidarbha. A couple of weeks ago, the temperature went down progressively till it touched a record-breaking level of 10.2 degrees, going up to five degrees below normal. The next week it peaked to reach 17 on Thursday.The entire region experienced cooler climes, with Yavatmal's minimum temperature going down 4.5 degrees below normal at 11 degrees. Gondia, meanwhile, recorded the lowest maximum temperature for the day at 28.1 degrees. Chandrapur remained the hottest place of the region with its minimum temperature for Tuesday being 15.2 degrees and the maximum temperature reaching 30.6 degrees, both of which were the highest among the cities in Vidarbha.\"There are chances of the minimum temperatures rising again in a couple of days as moisture laden winds from the Bay of Bengal are blowing towards the mainland. Andhra Pradesh is already getting heated up,\" said an official of the Met department. The temperatures would rise again when these winds recede, added the official.The cool breeze that was blowing throughout the day was a big contrast to the sunny day that was experienced in the city on last Saturday. That was a big contrast from the previous week in which the minimum temperature of three consecutive days became the lowest in the city since many years. Last month, was the coldest November in decades.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17484697", "title": "Special squads against eve-teasing remain on paper", "text": "MUMBAI: After the Amboli stabbings last year, the police had spoken about setting up specialized anti-eve-teasing squads at every police station. The project fell through as eve-teasing is decidedly low on the priority list of cops and they couldn't spare the manpower needed.An officer said there are no dedicated teams but policemen randomly visit crowded places to nab eve-teasers. He later admitted that these cops mainly keep an eye on chain-snatching.After the outcry over the Amboli killing of two friends who had taken on people harassing their women friends, Satej Patil, minister of state for home, had directed the police to form a special squad in Mumbai to curb eve-teasing. The force decided every police station would have a squad comprising a (preferably female) sub-inspector, two female constables and two male constables. They would patrol places like malls, gardens and colleges in plainclothes and look for and book hooligans and eve-teasers. The plan has remained on paper.Activist Aftab Siddique said: \"Eve-teasing should be on policemen's priority list. They should understand that often, smaller crimes turn into serious offences. We should have dedicated teams to act against eve-teasers. But we cannot put the entire blame on the local police as they are struggling with staff shortage and their staff are regularly diverted for bandobast duties, even for local politicians.\"Mumbai: The police after the Amboli incident, spoke of setting up specialised anti-eve-teasing squads at every police station; but the project dying a natural death as there is no dedicated staff at the police stations to dealt with the issue and its in low on their priority list.The police stations are struggling with the with manpower and bandobast duties unable to spare specific number of dedicated staff for the squad. They asks the regular patrolling staffs, who mainly focus on chain-snatchers, to keep watch on eve-teasers.An officer stated that there is no dedicated team (anti eve-teasing squad) but the policemen randomly visits at crowded places to catch eve-teaser. He admitted that the main targets of the visiting policemen is chain-snatchers and catch people involved in serious offences. He said, \" But we always rush for the assistance whenever we come across any such incident or victims calls us for help.\"After Amboli incident, where two youngsters stabbed to death for protested against the eve-teasers harassing their female friends, the police had taken the issue seriously. The police had decided to act strongly against eve-teaser as there was public outcry over the increasing numbers of eve-teasing incidents. Satej Patil, minister of state for home, had also directed the police to form a special squad in Mumbai to curb eve-teasing last year.The police had decided to have anti eve-teasing squad consisting female police constable whom they will sent to crowded public places, market, malls and educational institution in formals to catch the eve-teaser. The police can register eve-teasing offence if someone complaints or they fined the accused under .An officer admitted that due to staff shortage it's not possible to implement the plan completely and there main focus it to maintain law and order problems and deal with serious offences like murder and robbery.Activist Aftab Siddique said, \"Eve-teasing should be in policemen's priority list. They should understand that many times smaller crimes turn into serious offences. We should have dedicated team to act against eve-teaser. But we can not put entire blame on local police for its failure, as they are struggling with staff shortage and most of the times their staff are diverted to the unwanted bandobast, even for the local politician.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17489117", "title": "Shalini Naidu does item number for Lakshmi", "text": "The item song for Shivaraj Kumar- Priyamani starrer 'Lakshmi' directed by Raghava Loki has been shot at Rockline Studios. With the completion of this pending song, the entire shooting of the film has been completed.Hyderabad based actress Shalini Naidu has performed this item number. The actress has worked in Telugu and Tamil films. She is renounced for her item numbers in Telugu flicks. Ashish Vidyarthi and other artists had participated in the dance sequence.Guru Kiran is the music director of the film. Kaviraj has written the lyrics for the song which has been choreographed by Pradeep Anthony. The film will be ready for release this month.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17486604", "title": "India urges Israel to speed up defence projects", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has asked Israel to speed up crucial bilateral defence projects, including the around Rs 13,000 crore development of two advanced surface-to-air missile (SAM) systems to arm Indian armed forces against hostile aircraft, drones and helicopters.This came at the 10th joint working group on defence cooperation here, co-chaired by defence secretary Shashikant Sharma and Israeli defence ministry director-general Major-General Ehud Shani.While the regional and global security situation, including the recent Israel-Hamas ceasefire, figured in the talks, the focus was on bilateral defence training programmes, exchanges, R&D; projects and armament deals.Israel is India's second largest defence supplier, second only to Russia, but the expansive ties are largely kept under wraps due to political sensitivities. Tel Aviv records military sales worth around $1 billion to New Delhi every year, ranging from Heron and Searcher UAVs, Harpy and Harop 'killer' drones to Barak anti-missile defence systems and Green Pine radars, Python and Derby air-to-air missiles.Sources said India expressed \"concern'' at the \"two-year delay'' in completion of the long-range SAM (LR-SAM) project, sanctioned in December 2005 at a cost of Rs 2,606 crore to arm Indian warships.There are \"minor hitches'' even in the bigger Rs 10,076 crore medium-range SAM (MR-SAM) project, sanctioned in February 2009 for air defence squadrons of IAF.Both the SAM systems, being developed by Israeli Aerospace Industries (IAI) in collaboration with DRDO, have the same missile with an interception range of 70-km. They are to be produced in bulk by defence PSU Bharat Dynamics (BDL) to plug the existing holes in India's air defence cover.\"While the multi-function surveillance and threat radars, weapon control systems with data links and the like of the LR-SAM have all been tested, there has been delay in the missiles being developed by IAI,'' said a source.\"But the Israelis said everything was sorted out now and they will try to make up for the delay. DRDO has already finished its work on the propulsion and other systems,'' he added. Incidentally, the LR-SAM project was to be completed by May this year.Another major missile project, worth around $1 billion, that Israel could bag is the one to supply third-generation anti-tank guided missiles (ATGMs) to the 1.13-million strong Indian Army. The Army has already trial-evaluated the Israeli 'Spike' ATGM after the US offer of its 'Javelin' missiles was shelved due to Washington's reluctance to undertake \"transfer of technology'' to ensure BDL can make them in large numbers, as reported by TOI earlier.India is also in commercial negotiations for another two advanced Israeli Phalcon AWACS (airborne warning and control systems), capable of detecting hostile aircraft, cruise missiles and other incoming aerial threats far before ground-based radars, at a cost of over $800 million. The first three Phalcon AWACS were inducted by IAF in 2009-2010 under the $1.1 billion tripartite agreement between India, Israel and Russia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17484820", "title": "Mahindra Satyam knocks HC door", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mahindra Satyam , the erstwhile Satyam Computers Ltd, on Monday approached the AP high court urging it to quash the recent provisional attachment order issued by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) that attached Rs 822 crore of its funds lying with various banks in Hyderabad. The company maintained in its petition that it revived a scam-hit company and got strategic investors like Venturebay Consultants to infuse Rs 2,900 crore into the company after they took over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17485531", "title": "White paper is not inquiry report: CM", "text": "MUMBAI: Former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and senior irrigation department officials facing corruption allegations might not be out of the dock yet. Breaking his silence over the controversial white paper on irrigation, CM Prithviraj Chavan on Wednesday said there was a wrong perception that the white paper was an attempt to gloss over corruption charges.\"It is merely a status paper. It was never meant to be an inquiry paper on corruption allegation,\" the chief minister said. \"How can a department against which the allegations have been levelled conduct an inquiry?\"Brought out on November 29, The document has invited criticism for remaining silent on corruption. Many have interpreted it as an attempt to give a clean chit to Pawar and the officials .Claiming that he was yet to study the document, Chavan indicated that an exercise to reconcile its findings with other official documents will be taken up. Expressing concern over the mounting liabilities in irrigation projects, -the irrigation department has taken up works worth Rs1.31 crore in all,Chavan did not entirely rule out a probe on procedural lapses and corruption charges. He said the move to put out the white paper in public domain would enable locals to acquaint themselves with projects. CM said the department's move to indicate future strategy in the paper created unnecessary controversy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "17486264", "title": "Kannada Ganga likely to end water woes", "text": "BIJAPUR: People in nine wards in Bijapur city will get 24x7 drinking water from March next year, said MLA Appasaheb Pattanashetty on Tuesday. After taking stock of the drinking water supply scheme to Bijapur city at Kolhar village on Tuesday, he said: \"the 'Kannada Ganga' scheme to be implemented as a pilot project in the district at a cost of Rs 187.67 crore will end the water woes of residents in nine wards.\" Arrangements for the implementation of this mega project has already commenced in the city and on an experimental basis, the scheme will be implemented in three zones consisting 9 wards. A total 23 zones have been identified for the project. The project was taken up under the Urban Infrastructure Development Scheme in Small and Medium Town in 2009. \"Drinking water will be made available to residents of the city on alternate days in next 15 days. This scheme is sufficient for nearly 6 lakh population though the city is now having a population of 3.50 lakh people,\" Pattanashetty said. Municipality president Parashuram Rajaput, water supply and drainage board Bijapur division executive engineer Shattar, assistant executive engineer Vastrad were present during the MLA's visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17485467", "title": "Goa committee for slaughter houses constituted", "text": "PANAJI: The government has constituted a state committee for slaughter houses for proper and speedy implementation of the prevention of cruelty to animals (slaughter house) rules, 2001.The committee will be chaired by the urban development secretary. Its members will include the panchayat secretary, director of health services, director of animal husbandry and veterinary services, commissioner of labour, food safety commissioner, state pollution control board, state animal welfare board and director general of police.The state committee for slaughter houses will have various functions. It will identify and prepare a list of all slaughter houses located within the local self-government (municipal corporations, panchayats etc.). Also, it will identify on an ongoing basis, unlicenced slaughter houses in the region, and other unlicenced, unlawful establishments where animals are being slaughtered, on howsoever a small scale, and take the help of the district magistrate and other law enforcement agencies to crack down on the same.The committee will call for reports from the district magistrate or the dy commissioner and district food safety inspector as the case may be on the condition/functioning of the slaughter houses and also on the compliance of the relevant applicable laws. It will recommend modernization of old slaughter houses and relocation of slaughter houses located within or in close proximity of a residential area. It will recommend appropriate measures for dealing with solid waste, water/air pollution and for preventing cruelty to animals meant for slaughter.The committee will carry out surprise and random inspections of slaughter houses regularly and issue directions for compliance of the recommendations that may be made by it. It will send bi-annual reports on state slaughter houses to the central committee and to refer issues that may require central committee recommendations or central government assistance. The committee will accord final approval for licensing of slaughter houses to local self government. The committee will also check child labour.The committee has been constituted in pursuance of the directions of the Supreme Court of India vide its order dated August 23, 2012 in writ petition (civil) no. 309 of 2003 with WP (C) no. 330 of 2001, WP (C) no. 44 of 2004 and WP (C) no. 688 of 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17485158", "title": "Poachers thrive as forest officials neglect prosecution", "text": "NAGPUR: At a time when leopard sightings are becoming very rare in protected areas (PAs), the poaching of three of these animals at Dhamnewada in Nagzira Wildlife Sanctuary has exposed the lackadaisical attitude of forest officials.Shockingly, Ravi Dhurve and Nihal Maraskolhe, who were arrested for electrocuting three leopards and a fawn at Dhamnewada on November 30, had poached animals earlier too. On January 16, 2011, they were allowed to go free after killing a bear. Similarly, no charge sheet was filed against Dhurve for killing a chital on April 16.Official record of detected electrocution deaths between 2001 and 2012 with TOI shows that there is complete apathy on the part of Gondia and Tiroda range forest officers (RFOs) and field staff in nailing culprits. Being close to Nagzira and New Nagzira wildlife sanctuaries, maximum cases are being reported from these two ranges.The officials are taking no action against people repeatedly laying live wire traps even though they have information about them. The detected cases include over a dozen sloth bears, many nilgai, chital, sambar, wild boar, bison, leopards and even tigers.Of the 25-30 electrocution cases reported in Tiroda and Gondia ranges during the period, POR (primary offence report) were filed in all the cases but only 50% cases went to court. An equal number of them remained unsolved or forest officials did not take action against the accused.Court cases are pending since 2001 but are not being pursued. In several cases, charge sheets have not been filed. Six cases of sloth bear electrocution since 2006 remain unsolved in regular poaching pockets of Khursipar, Nimgaon, Indora, Ramatola, Kodelohara, Umarzari, Sarra, Maregaon, Ekodi, Mangezari, Navatola and others surrounding Nagzira and New Nagzira sanctuaries.\"The morale of poachers is high due to this inaction,\" says honorary district wildlife warden of Gondia, Bhimsen Dongarwar Patil.\"Dhurve is a regular wildlife offender. He has gained notoriety as Gondia's Sansar Chand. He has been let of on several occasions owing to his close affinity to some RFOs,\" claimed a senior forest official. Sansar Chand was India's biggest wildlife criminal, who is now languishing in a Delhi jail.RFOs in Gondia division have been posted here for years. VD Meshram, in whose tenure maximum number of poaching cases have been reported, has been posted in Gondia and Tiroda ranges for many years.Gondia deputy conservator of forests (DyCF) SV Ramarao said that Meshram has been in the division for long but transfer and posting of RFOs was not in his hand. He admitted that Dhurve has been poaching animals in the forest around Nagzira.\"We will investigate all past offences of Dhurve and others,\" Ramarao assured.Instead, of pulling up the RFOs and field staff for not doing their job properly, the higher officials are blaming MSEDCL for the deaths of the leopards in Dhamnewada. Ramarao said that MSEDCL is partially responsible, as it did not inform the forest department when the line first tripped on November 28 and then again on November 30. \"Had we been informed, the leopards could have been saved,\" he admitted.Meanwhile, one more Dhamnewada villager Tekchand Harinkhede was arrested for buying deer meat from Dhurve. \"We are in touch with police officials to get Dhurve's remand,\" said ACF and investigating officer Ashwin Thakkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17484517", "title": "Scholars to guide youth at three-day Sunni conference", "text": "MUMBAI: Over a dozen senior clerics, scholars and preachers will guide Muslim youth on the need of education and discipline at the three-day 22{+n}{+d} annual ijtema (conference) of Sunni Dawat-e-Islami, the largest body of Sunni Muslims, to be held Azad Maidan from December 14 to 16.The first day will be reserved exclusively for women while the conference will end with a congregational prayer at the Maidan named Wadiy-e-Noor (Valley of Light) by the organizers.Spread over several sessions, The meet draws thousands of Muslims from across the state and other places and is seen as an important event in the calendar of the community, especially members of the Sunni sect. \"The meet will guide the youth to maintain decorum, decency and discipline in their conduct. Some speakers will also highlight why use of drugs is un-Islamic and ask participants to support drives against smoking, use of gutka and drugs,\" said Sunni Dawat-e-Islami president Maulana Shakir Noorie.Among the speakers include UK-based Sunni scholar Allama Qamruzzaman Azmi and his son Dr Waqar Azmi.The latter is considered a prominent Muslim in the UK and has been an adviser on Muslim affairs to former UK prime minister Tony Blair .Essentially a non-political body, Sunni Dawat-e-Islami shuns politics in its conferences. Its vice-president Maulana Rizwan Khan said that speakers would be advised to avoid making political and sectarian statements. \"It is a reformist movement. We don't discuss politics or sectarian divide. Our idea is to guide the community members to become asset to their own community and society at large,\" said Khan.In the next few days, pandals will be pitched, barricades put up and arrangements made for wazu (ablutions) at a section of the at Azad Maidan which, the organizers hope, will be filled to its capacity during the conference's concluding session featuring congregational prayer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17485552", "title": "New road to speed up South Delhi traffic to Faridabad", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what will be a major relief to south Delhi commuters bound for Gurgaon and Faridabad, Delhi government's public works department is undertaking construction of a four-lane road from Mehrauli-Gurgaon Road to Gurgaon-Faridabad road.This 9km corridor is expected to help commuters from Mehrauli, Greater Kailash, Chhattarpur, Saket etc avoid jams on NH-8 and NH-2. The Rs 597-crore project will be funded by the urban development ministry, said officials.Link road report likely soon\"The road, called Mandi Road, exists now as a two-lane road riddled with potholes and without a central verge. Widening this road to a four-lane double carriageway will help commuters bypass the more long-winding and congested routes currently available,\" said PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan.The road will begin on MG Road, go through Gwala Pahari and end at the Gurgaon-Faridabad road, providing the shortest connect with Faridabad from south Delhi, said officials.RITES is conducting a topographic survey and is expected to submit a report within a fortnight. It is simultaneously carrying out soil and material testing and a traffic survey. \"After the topographic survey is conducted, the alignment will be fixed and land acquisition will be decided accordingly. There are many farmhouses along the route,\" said a senior PWD official.The right of way (ROW) of the existing road varies from 12-20 metres. As per the master plan of Delhi, the proposed right of way of this road in 60 metres. \"An estimate of Rs 597 crore was sent by PWD to DDA on August 29. Of this, land acquisition alone is expected to cost Rs 400 crore, while the rest will include civil, electric, horticulture, consultancy work etc,\" added the official.The width of the carriageway on each side is proposed to be 7.5 metres, with an additional service lane of 4.5 metres on each side and a footpath and drain of 2.25 metres.The financial estimate submitted by PWD has been checked by DDA and was discussed at a meeting of the project approval committee on September 4 at the urban development ministry.\"Since the estimate figure is tentative and likely to change based on the detailed project report (DPR) to be finalized by the consultant, the proposal was approved in principle and Rs 150 cr (around 80% of construction cost) approved for release from the ministry,\" said a source.To avoid delays, financial bids were invited only from government organizations like CRRI and RITES and DIMTS and RITES were appointed as consultants on October 16. The consultants have been given two months to submit the land acquisition plan, two months to submit the draft DPR for phase I (within available ROW), one month to submit the final DPR for phase I and another four months to submit DPR for phase 2 (with 30 metres ROW).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17484399", "title": "Morning sickness signals Kate expecting twins?", "text": "LONDON: The Duchess of Cambridge, who is expecting her first child with Prince William, maybe pregnant with twins, according to reports. Kate, who has been admitted to the King Edward VII Hospital in London after she got ill while staying with her parents in Bucklebury, Berkshire, is suffering from hyperemesis gravidarum, or morning sickness, a condition that is more often experienced by women expecting twins, the Telegraph said.Mothers-to-be who suffer from the condition are three times more likely to have a multiple birth than other women. She is expected to remain there for several days.Prince William visited Kate in hospital on Tuesday. He was seen leaving the hospital at 8.20pm and is expected to be granted compassionate leave from his RAF Search and Rescue duties.The Duchess's illness prompted a scramble to tell members of the Royal family about the pregnancy before news of her arrival at hospital leaked out. Royal aides said the decision to go public \"was very much driven by the Duke and Duchess\", who were aware that it would be impossible to keep the news a secret in the age of Twitter.\"It's a very hard thing to go public at such an early stage, but they wanted to be open with people as much as possible,\" an aide said.Kate's illness, which affects fewer than four in every 1,000 pregnant women, causes severe vomiting and can lead to dehydration. It is treated by giving fluids intravenously and by anti-sickness tablets.The child will be third in line to the throne. It will also be directly in line to become the monarch regardless of whether it is a girl or a boy, after a agreement among the 16 Commonwealth realms last year to end the practice of male primogeniture.The news of the pregnancy prompted British PM David Cameron to take his to twitter account to congratulate the couple. He wrote that he was \"delighted by the news...They will make wonderful parents\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17486315", "title": "30 years on, fossil sites in danger", "text": "Exactly 30 years ago, on December 5 1982, a team of scientists of the Geological Survey of India led by Arun Sonakia stumbled upon a fossilized piece of a skull bone at Hathnora on the banks of the Narmada in Madhya Pradesh. It turned out the bone was of a female hominin, one of the prehistoric ancestors of modern humans.This discovery caused a flutter of excitement in the scientific community because there had been an almost embarrassing absence of prehistoric human remains in India. \"It was a spectacular discovery which changed the face of human origin studies in south Asia ,\" said D K Bhattacharya, chairman of the Center for Advancement of Public Understanding of Science &amp; TechnologySoon afterwards, a right collarbone was found at the same site. In 1997, A R Sankhyan of the Anthropological Survey of India discovered a broken left collarbone and a left ninth rib nearby.In June this year, Sankhyan, now with the Palaeo Research Society, discovered another set of hominin fossils - a long bone of the arm and a thigh bone. These were found at Netankheri, 3km from Hathnora. No dating has been done of the Hathnora fossils, but relating it to the age of other fossils found in the vicinity, leads to an estimate ranging between 50,000 to 250,000 years.Dating technologies say the Netankheri thigh bone may be 250,000 years old \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in the same age group as the skull bone piece. Fossil sites are faring badly in India, Capust says. The culprits are mega development projects, dams, mining and oil drilling, sure, said Parth Chauhan of Stone Age Institute at Indiana University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17485359", "title": "Hi-tech route to solve traffic woes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Drawing inspiration from smart transport system in UK, Switzerland and other European countries and modifying to suit Indian roads, a team at the science and technology exhibition (SIE), Sector 32, is turning heads.Proposing an \"intelligent transportation system\", Class XI students Kushal and Kunal of GSSS-33 have shown how bluetooth installed in specific positions on road sides can connect with numberplates of cars to calculate the exact speed of the car. And the result - an \"automatic challan\" issued for over speeding by the traffic police. But the model is not restricted to this. The duo has also introduced electromagnetic field to the road (model) to gauge the weight of vehicles with an aim to calculate traffic density.\"This will help us calculate the traffic density on different roads. Accordingly, an automatic reduction (speed limit) will be displayed on the road,\" said Kushal. The model has LED lights and speed breakers included at several junctions.This team, however, is not an exception at this innovative exhibition. A host of other students have also come up with innovative models in themes like transport system, health and environment, among others, which were given to students and teams in advance. Surmayi Khatana, a student from Saupin's School in Sector 32, said, \"I chose to display a model on DNA extraction of strawberries and my project revolves around genetic engineering.\"Two other students from Scared Heart School in Sector 26, Shubhnoor Hazuria and Tanya Walia, were displaying a model on \"induction chimney\". \"We are working on how to prepare raw material for the tyre industry without polluting the environment,\" said Shubnoor. Total 164 students from 79 schools in the city displayed their models while several others visited to see these.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17488200", "title": "Arbaaz Khan and Abhinav Kashyap patch up", "text": "It looks like the war between Salman-Arbaaz Khan and Abhinav Kashyap over Dabangg is finally over.The two parties were locked in a silent war when Abhinav refused to direct the sequel to Dabangg opting instead to move on to what were apparently greener pastures.The Khans brothers saw red. Much acrimony was swapped on the issue.It looks like both the parties have matured in the past few months. On Monday night, at a party thrown by producer Sunil Bohra at the Kino Cottage on Yari Road in Mumbai, Arbaaz and Abhinav not only hugged and greeted each other like long-lost friends they spent close to 3 hours chatting non-stop.The party attended by Neil Nitin Mukesh, Randeep Hooda, Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra, Aanand Rai, Sudhir Mishra, Tutu Sharma and many other open-mouthed onlookers, came to a standstill when Arbaaz and Abhinav headed towards one another.\"Abhinav arrived early in the evening. Arbaaz walked in post-midnight. We expected fireworks and in fact told our host to find a way to keep them apart. Instead of exchanging barbs and blows, Arbaaz and Abhinav were glued to one another like Siamese twins,\" says a guest who still hasn't gotten over the shock of watching another infamous Bollywood battle come to an end.The main topic of conversation between the estranged Dabangg producer and director? Believe it or not, the friends-turned-foe's bete-noire Dabangg 2!Says an invitee, \"Abhinav quizzed Arbaaz eagerly about Dabangg 2 , how it has turned out, what is the plot, how Abraaz has carried the story forward, etc etc. Arbaaz was equally enthusiastic in telling Abhinav all the details. Arbaaz didn't hide anything about the sequel. He opened up completely about Dabangg 2, telling Abhinav how he has treated the second part as compared with the first. Arbaaz also wanted to know a lot about Abhinav's next project Besharam .\"Sonu Sood who starred in Dabangg but opted out of Dabangg 2 also joined Arbaaz and Abhinav at some point during the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17485661", "title": "Discom eyes 15 cut in line losses in next 3 years", "text": "GURGAON: Discom Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam Ltd. has set a target of reducing line losses in Gurgaon and elsewhere by 15 over the next three years. According to senior officials, the aggregate technical and commercial (AT&C;) losses, clocked throughout the region, account for 30 of the total power generated, and if the new plan works, the figure is likely to get halved by 2015.\"Villages, which reduce AT&C; losses to anything below 25 on their feeders, will be granted 20-hour power supply daily, and their connections will be shifted to the urban mode,\" said an official. Rural areas have remained a major trouble area with line losses highest in villages. And by incentivizing loss cuts for rural consumers, the discom is aiming to set right the most delinquent of pockets.\"Among our top priorities is to improve the economic health of the distributors, by reducing the AT&C; losses by half in the coming three years,\" said Devender Singh, chairman, Haryana Power Distribution Utilities.A similar drive will be carried out by the UHBVN in the north of Haryana. Singh said line losses have further deteriorated the already failing financial health of both the discoms operating in Haryana. \"The cost of supplying power in Haryana has increased by 330 in the past 10 years, against a tariff hike of merely 27,\" he said. As per official figures, the accumulated losses incurred by both the distributors have been something to the tune of Rs 8,830 crore.\"There is ample potential to reduce AT&C; losses in the state, and considerable savings can be made if we manage to do so,\" Singh added. ,A state-wide upgrade of the distribution and supply apparatus has also been announced recently, with the campaign promising to 'minimize interruptions in power supply from the next summer.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17488742", "title": "'Panesar misses most high-fives'", "text": "In Kolkata, Andy Zaltzman tells us that people here laugh more on cricket jokes than in any other country British author, comedian and cricket writer Andy Zaltzman believes that if an asteroid were to hit the earth, he'd miss cricket. And so would India. But Kolkata would miss Sourav Ganguly ! In town for a show presented by Kalkutta Komedians, he opened up on cricket, politics, and if Sachin should retire.You have a strong connection with cricket and politics. Do you also find humour in the politics of cricket?I am working on how to blend them together. Anything which people are passionate about makes for an interesting subject for comedy. In India, people worship cricket much more than those in Britain. They know and care about traditional cricket. I once held a survey during a performance to find out what people prefer, T20 or Test and most people said Test. I do not know if they were speaking the truth.Do the general audience take comedians seriously?They don't, most of the time. I personally save my punchlines for on-stage performances, otherwise I won't have much left.How much does a responsive audience contribute to your performance?If an audience is restrained, you tend to build an innings with a slow beginning. But if the audience is relaxed, you can go all out and swing the bat, hit sixers straight away like Virender Sehwag. I've noticed, in India, people laugh a lot more on cricket jokes than they do in other countries.Does the Indian audience love good stand-up comedy? Have they seen much of it?I have done a few shows in India this time, including one in Mumbai. I saw local talents like Varun Grover, Tanmay Bhat, Karan Talwar and Aditi Mittal perform. They all got a positive reaction from the audience. It shows that people are receptive to different types of comedy. Because the standup English comedy circuit is comparatively new here, the comedians were seen helping and encouraging each other. There's a lot of excitement because of the freshness, which is lost in England as it is a well-established and pretty commercialized circuit now. However, I hardly understood any punchlines because though the jokes started in English, they mostly ended in Hindi. The good part is that the audience was roaring with laughter.Do you feel censorship can be a threat to stand-up comedy?Censorship is a bad thing in general, especially for comedy. If people do try to censor it, we should all stand-up. I heard about the Facebook cases in Mumbai. A confident society doesn't need censorship.Who do you think are the most humorous cricketers in Team India?From the few I have met I think Yuvraj Singh and Sehwag have a good sense of humour. Navjot Singh Sidhu has a unique view on the world. In the British team, Monty Panesar is the most funny cricketer. He celebrates wildly and tries to do high-fives. And I have never seen anyone miss so many high-fives.What are your views on Sachin's retirement?It is very difficult to know when to retire. Very few sportsmen are lucky enough to retire while in a good form. The best for him would have been to get a 100 in the World Cup final and walk into the sunset.Is this your first time in Kolkata?Yes. I took a taxi from the airport and had a very quick view of the city. I am hugely excited as I always wanted to catch the excitement at Eden Gardens as a child, because I have grown up seeing county cricket with a 100 old people sleeping in their chairs.Your tip to the comedians in Kolkata...A good sense of humour is not enough to be a comedian. One has to be a strong and confident performer. Mental originality, a freshness in delivery and an interesting worldview are required.You have changed the way cricket is reported...There are plenty of cricket reporters who write seriously. So there is room for those who don't. Yet, I believe that there is nothing like the excitement of a live performance. When you write and speak for radio, you don't know what people are thinking. But in a live act, there is interaction and instant reaction.Have you ever witnessed an India-Pakistan match? Did you come across anything humorous there?I saw the World Cup semi-final between the two countries in Mohali last year. The security around the game was immense, so much so that it was funny. In that match, what was funny was that Sachin Tendulkar was dropped four times, before being finally taken at 85.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "17486608", "title": "Tribals still in forcible possession of MET land", "text": "PURNIA: As the district authorities are still dithering, the problem arising out of the tribals' forcible occupation of nearly 75 acres of land of Millia Educational Trust (MET) at Augusnagar under Krityanandnagar police station in Purnia district is reaching a flash point and creates a law and order problem in the district.Millia Education Trust (MET), director, A Imam, said here on Monday to launch a \"do or die\" campaign to re-possess the land if the district authorities continue to waver. For the purpose, he also fixed a deadline of December 16.The hordes of tribals, it may be recalled, had forcibly grabbed huge chunks of land at Augustnagar, Ganeshpur and Kaftanpara across Purnia district in August this year. But, while all such land were retrieved through a sustained campaign and negotiations, the land of Millia Educational Trust (MET), however, continues to be in illegal possession of the tribals.MET had acquired, in all, 100 acres of land at Augustnagar with the purpose of establishing a slew of educational institutions like Millia Medical College and Hospital, Millia College of Engineering and Business Management in 2003,and the registration and mutation of land was also done, Imam said.Before embarking on the grandiloquent education project, the trustees had discussed the matter with the district authorities and also obtained the necessary sanction of Bhupendra Narayan Mandal University (BNMU) and also the requisite bank guarantee, he disclosed. He has also approached CM Nitish Kumar in this connection, he said.Imam charged that a few ruling party politicians, who had some vested interests, were tacitly conniving with the tribals whom he dubbed as Naxalites, and said, \"If the district authorities were floundering and pussyfooting, it was because of the pressure brought on them by these politicians.\"Acting Purnia DM Uday Kant Jha talking to TOI on Tuesday, however, rubbished the charges, and said, \"We have already arrested some persons and also started proceedings under Section 107 Cr PC. We shall soon launch a drive to drive out the illegal occupants once adequate forces are made available to us.\"However, a big chunk of land was under scanner and revenue officials were examining how the land identified under Ceiling Act was acquired and registered by the MET, acting DM Jha disclosed.Purnia SP Amit Lodha, in a SMS message to Imam, has also assured of some positive action once the DM N Sarvanana Kumar returns from leave by December 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17488320", "title": "'Kumki' is 'Gajaraju' in Telugu", "text": "The Telugu version of Vikram Prabhu starrer 'Kumki' directed Prabu Solomon and produced N. Lingusamy under Thirupathi Brothers banner will be titled 'Gajaraju'. 'Kumki' marks the debut of Vikram Prabhu, son of Prabhu and grandson of Sivaji Ganesan and is about a mahout and his trained kumki elephant.The official announcement was made yesterday at a press meet organised in Hyderabad and the music of the Telugu version was launch and also a few clips were shown. For an actor who is debuting in Tamil it is a great honour that his first film is getting dubbed in Telugu and will have a simultaneous release.Vikram who was in Hyderabad for the event was super excited to see clippings from the Telugu version. After the even Vikram tweeted \"# Kumki in Telugu is # Gajaraju ! Just finished press meet in Hyderabad! Got to hear music in Telugu version and see more visuals!\"The Telugu audio of Gajaraju will be unveiled on December 8 and film is scheduled to release on December 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17484005", "title": "Lokayukta starts probe against Aqueel", "text": "BHOPAL: The Lokayukta's Special Police Establishment (SPE) has launched investigations against Congress MLA and former minister Arif Aqueel who has been accused of misusing his official position to safeguard 'Arif Nagar' - a colony in the state capital inhabited by over 40,000 odd residents.SPE has registered a preliminary enquiry (PE) and served notices to the district collector, commissioner, Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) and the Madhya Pradesh (MP) Waqf Board, seeking information and documents related to this colony, said sources.This probe is being considered an important development in political corridors in wake of the 2013 assembly election. Arif had won four consecutive elections from Bhopal North and was mostly the lone Congress candidate to win from the assembly seats in the state capital- known to be a saffron bastion. He is alleged to have used the Arif Nagar settlement to his advantage.SPE has initiated a separate probe to check whether Arif Nagar is a legal settlement following a complaint lodged by local pharmacist Anand Singh Sengar.Sengar claims, the MLA has personal interests in Arif Nagar as it plays a key role during the upcoming assembly elections to Bhopal North seat. The colony has houses an Arif Nagar Stadium, 6 anganwadi centres, mosques and madarsas, all on the land belonging to state waqf board, he alleged.\"Not only the colony, even a stadium was built on the land without approval from the waqf board or any other competent authority,\" Sengar said.He also accused the MLA of seeking subsidy from the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) during the All India Akbar Rafique Tournaments held at the Arif Nagar stadium. Documents related to a garden in Arif Nagar have also gone missing from the government records, he adds.A cricket pitch was constructed in the hockey stadium with MLA fund, said Sengar adding that the MLA had been misusing his official position to stop wakf board from clearing encroachments.Reportedly, waqf board had allotted 25,000 square feet land to the MLA's brother-run Sahara Education Society at a token amount of Rs 1 by passing a resolution in 2001. Arif Aqueel was the minister and the member of the waqf board then.HC directs to settle disputeSpread across 41.8 acres of land, Arif Nagar came in to existence in 1988 on the land that allegedly belonged to Waqf Board. Recently MP high court had disposed of a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by M A Hanfi, who alleged that about 40 acre of land belonging to the MP wakf board has been encroached upon to develop Arif Nagar. During the hearing high court had also directed Arif Aqeel to file an affidavit stating that he has no personal interest in Arif Nagar.The petition was disposed with directives to settle the matter 'as per law'. Chief minister Shivraj Singh had issued directives to the local administration to be cautious while dealing the issue following intelligence inputs of possible a law and order situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17485896", "title": "Dharmasthala Deepotsava from Dec 8", "text": "Mangalore: Sri Kshetra Dharmasthala will organize Laksha Deepotsava of Lord Sri Manjunatha and the 80th Sarvadharma - Sahithya Sammelana (all religion - literary conference) at Dharmastala from December 8 to 13. Various religious rituals will be held as part of Laksha Deepotsava . Hosakatte Utsava will be held on December 8, Kerekatte Utsava on December 9, Lalithodyana Utsava on December 10, Kanchimaru Katte Utsava on December 11 and Gowrimaru Katte Utsava will be held on December 12. Former Lokayukta justice N Santhosh Hegde will inaugurate the all religion conference on December 11 at 5pm. Sri Ramanujam Mission Trust, Chennai head Prasanna Venkatacharyar Chathurvedi Swami will preside. Rajasthan Pathrika chief editor Gulab Chand Kothari will inaugurate literary conference on December 12 at 5pm. Writer HS Venkatesh Murthy will preside. Samavasarana pooja of Lord Sri Chandranatha Swamy will be held at Mahotsava Sabha Bhavana on December 13. Sri Rama Kshetra, Nithyananda Nagar, Kanyadi seer Sadguru Sri Brahmananda Saraswathi Swami will inaugurate state-level exhibition at Sri Manjunatheshwara High School Stadium on December 8 at 5pm. Dakshina Kannada zilla panchayat president K Koragappa Naik will preside. Lalithakala, music and dance programme will be held as part of the programme at Amruthavarshini Sabha Bhavana on December 10. Variety of cultural programmes will be held on all evenings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17489399", "title": "Aniston buys 10-foot Christmas tree", "text": "Actress Jennifer Aniston bought a 10-foot Christmas tree for a weekend bash that she threw for her and fiance Justin Theroux's close friends.\"She likes (her trees) really full and fluffy!\" usmagazine.com quoted a source at Beverly Hills' Mr. Greentrees store as saying.According to X17, stars like Demi Moore , Ellen DeGeneres and Portia DeRossi, Tobey Maguire and Ben Stiller were spotted arriving at Aniston and Theroux's house.The source said Aniston \"was merely celebrating the start of the holiday season by hosting her annual tree trimming party\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17486882", "title": "Boil eggs without water", "text": "LONDON: Researchers have invented a unique cardboard box that cooks raw eggs inside it without the need to boil them in water.The packaging contains a chemical layer which, when triggered, generates heat and cooks the raw egg in just two minutes \u00e2\u20ac\u201d half the time it takes in water.The 'Gogol Mogol' , named after a Russian egg dish, was created by a Russian team of inventors known as KIAN, and designed by Evgeny Morgalev, the 'Daily Mail' reported.The outer layer is made from the sort of paperboard traditionally used to make egg boxes. Beneath this there are three more layers. One is infused with calcium hydroxide and other chemicals, and the other is a 'smart layer' containing water. Between these two inner layers is a membrane which is removed by pulling a cardboard tab. Once this is taken out, the calcium hydroxide reacts with the water in the smart layer to generate enough heat to cook the egg inside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17485206", "title": "With a little help, Mahajan Nagar turns a new leaf", "text": "NAGPUR: Once it was the ground where the children of Mahajan Nagar slums went to defecate. The ground was full of slush and a blot on the face of the locality. Today it is a site that the entire neighbourhood is nurturing with care. Already full of flowering plants, the ground now is as a playground for the little ones. It is also the site of one of the most important amenities- a three phase water treatment plant.The locality, off Wardha Road beyond airport, was a resettlement of a group of slum-dwellers who were relocated a builder claimed the land where they previously lived. Their new address soon developed as a group of shanties surrounded by mud and human waste. \"We were scared to live here and wished to go away somewhere else as snakes and scorpions would creep up during night,\" said a resident Laxmi Dongre.Today, most of the waste water of the area is treated and reused in the garden. There are also talks to utilize it for the plantation on either side and on the divider of Wardha Road. All this came about with the intervention of NGO Indian Institute of Youth Welfare (IIYW) with financial help from a German organization BORDA and the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). The land for the construction of the treatment plants was provided by Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) free of cost.\"The first challenge was to convince the residents that not they needed good sanitation but also that they could afford it. We enlisted the help of a few people among them whom we could influence to explain it to the others by conducting door-to-door sessions,\" said Rajshree Awande, a social worker who has been associated with the locality for almost a decade. Subsequently, several committees of the residents were formed to oversee key areas like health, sanitation and water.\"The locality consumes 500 cubic metres of water everyday, of which 80-85 percent is being treated for reuse. In four phases, we built primary, secondary and tertiary treatment units. This was built by us as a demonstrative model for the city with no maintenance and low cost,\" said Anwaar Ashraf, the construction engineer of the project.IIYW says that the government has provided all possible support for the project. \"Rs 40 lakh has already been sanctioned by NIT for developing the garden in the area. Also, we are in talks with NMC to use the treated water for the plants on Wardha Road,\" said Naresh Tajenkar of IIYW.WHAT WAS DONEA primary treatment unit was built to treat 500 cubic metres water per day and all waste water streams of the locality were channeled to itOutflow is connected to a system consisting of a settler and bund (a retainer to sieve out solid waste). After going through this system, the wastewater is discharged into a storm water drain.Two types of treatment units - aerobic and anaerobic are created by means of techniques like baffle reactor, planted gravel filter and collection tankAerobic treatment consists of a gravel filter planted with plants that absorb nitrogen (that causes the wastewater to have a foul smell)Collection tank is used for storing all the treated wastewater that can be utilized for non-potable purposes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17485510", "title": "Jairam Ramesh for women's role in MNGNREGS", "text": "LUCKNOW: Taking note of the lowest participation of women in Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) in UP, rural development minister Jairam Ramesh has asked government to ensure employment to at least one-third of women under the rural employment guarantee scheme by March 2013. \"I am not talking of reservation but suggesting that at least one-third women get jobs under the scheme and officers have accepted my recommendation,\" he said.UP has lowest participation of women in MGNREGS compared to other states. UP will also have to start working on women Self Help Groups (SHGs). Under national rural livelihood mission, at least one woman, from every poor family, has to be made part of the SHG. The government will have to connect the group to banks and empower women. UP is yet to make an effective start on this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17486123", "title": "AICTE creates a table to keep admission process in check", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat which is notorious for continuing its admission process for months will have to pull up its socks. All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) officials announced in a seminar here on Tuesday that academic sessions of all technical, professional classes should begin from August 1 next year.The AICTE has handed over a time table which the state education department has been directed to strictly adhere to from next year.Advisor-I of the AICTE, MK Hada said that as per the Supreme Court guidelines, the AICTE has made a time table for all the states to follow for admissions in engineering and other technical professional courses. As per the time table, the states will have to seek permission for new colleges before April 30.In the past, colleges have been granted admission as late as in June and July completely jeopardizing the admission process. \"By June end, the first round of admission should be completed. The second round of admission should be completed on July 10 and the third round should be finished by July 20. Academic sessions in all technical colleges should begin on August 1\", said Hada.Hada said that the states found flouting this time table will be served a notice as these guidelines have been prepared following SC directives. Locals have welcomed this change as the admission process in Gujarat is known to stretch till September, October and even November.Officials said that any student admitted after July 30 will not be enrolled by the universities and not recognized as a student by AICTE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17485154", "title": "HC denies bail to Pohare", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of the Bombay high court has denied bail to editor-in-chief of Marathi daily Deshonnati, Prakash Pohare, who was arrested in connection with the murder of a security supervisor Rajendra Dupare at Pohare's printing unit in October.Justice Prasanna Varale considered the fact that the investigation was yet to be completed and the charge sheet was also pending. \"Prima facie, there seems to be a valid case and Pohare's release may interfere with the investigation,\" the court observed. Pohare's bail plea was earlier rejected by a lower court. Since then, he has been lodged in Central Jail here.According to assistant government pleader Bharti Dangre, there was an ongoing dispute between Pohare and the workers in his press as he had retrenched many workers. The press at Gondkhairi was closed and the printing job was shifted to some other place.The striking employees were trying to negotiate a deal with the accused who had arrived there with five private security guards, including a gunman, on October 13. During the course of negotiation, the parties got involved in a verbal spat. Soon the scuffle ensued and Pohare had allegedly asked his security guard, Ganesh Fungud to fire on the striking employees which led to Dupare's death. Pohare, Fungud and two others had were booked under sections 302 and 34 of the IPC.The prosecution also said that the reaction of Pohare was highly disproportionate to the situation to claim self-defence. Shooting was not at all needed and using a stick would have sufficed. And even if shooting was inevitable then the leg should have been targeted and not the stomach which proved to be fatal.The guard, who came from Kanpur, was hired on that day itself. Hence, he could not dare to fire unless receiving orders from Pohare, the prosecution said. In lieu of these grounds, the court found it fit to dismiss the bail plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17485549", "title": "Now, no last-minute fleet cab cancellations", "text": "MUMBAI: Now, you can be assured of a fleet taxi for pick-up from your doorstep, especially during the wee hours. in case you are catching an early morning flight in Mumbai.In the past, there were instances of commuters fretting and fuming as fleet cab operators cancelled the bookings at the eleventh hour, citing \"non-availability of cabs\".But operators have come up with a novel plan-they are offering \"Assured Cabs\" with nil cancellations at the last minute. For example, TABcab has assured its commuters that there will no cancellation on all bookings (confirmed bookings) for pickup between 8 pm and 8 am. Meru Cab officials said they too have an assured cab service for customers during certain hours.Said a TABcab official, \"Ours is a large fleet of 1,600 cabs. Technology has now made it possible for us to provide assured cabs for pick up time falling between the time band of 8pm to 8am. So, if you call us and we confirm your booking, you will be rest assured that there will be no cancellations and cabs will 100% reach your doorstep.\"Said Siddhartha Pahwa, CEO Meru Cabs, \"Being pioneers of the Indian radio cab industry, Meru has introduced several firsts and in fact was the first player to launch the Assured Airport Cab Services 18 months ago in July 2011 in Hyderabad. Since then the Assured Airport Cab Services have been launched across Delhi, Bangalore and now for certain parts of Mumbai. Meru assures 100% cab availability for an airport drop. This service is available for all 24 hours of the day and is not limited to any specific time.\"A spokesperson from TABcab said the \"nil cancellation\" stage is possible because of a large on-road fleet strength, state-of-the-art technology enhancements like a new Cab Forecasting System (CFS)and digitally mapped bidding system (DMBS). He stated that other factors which made this possible were effective utilisation of manpower and special training for the \"Saathis\" (drivers). The spokesperson added that in future, an assured fleet taxi will be available round-the-clock.Said Surekha Nair, a regular commuter of fleet taxi,\"Everytime a fleet taxi booking gets cancelled due to unavailability of taxis (half an hour before commencement of journey), your entire plan goes awry. I have to run around to book a black-and-yellow taxi or a Cool Cab.\" Another passenger Kartik S said that he was unable to get any alternate mode of transport to airport during wee hours and a friend had obligedby dropping him at the airport.Said Pahwa, \"In case of any unforeseen circumstance, where we are unable to fulfil our promise, we issue a Rs. 500 privilege voucher to our esteemed customers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17483826", "title": "Postal ticket to mark Jamshedpur Women's College 60th anniversary", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Jamshedpur Women's College (JWC), one of the oldest women's college of the state, has become among the first educational institution in Jharkhand to have its image on a postage stamp. The postal department has agreed to release a ticket to commemorate the 60th anniversary of its establishment this year.\"The postal department has agreed to our proposal and the stamp will be released to mark the opening of a year-long celebration,\" said JWC principal, Dr Shukla Mohanty on Tuesday. She added that talks are on with the office of the Union communication minister, chief minister and governor for finalizing the dates for the release of the postal ticket at a glittering function. Mohanty said JWC will be the first constituent college in the state to have a postal ticket in its name. \"It's an honour for the college, which is one of the oldest educational institutions of the state,\" said the principal.Senior officials of the postal department will also grace the postal ticket releasing programme. \"We are looking forward to get early dates for the function,\" Dr Mohanty said. The college has lined up series of celebration programmes till mid next year to mark six decades of its academic contribution to the society.Meanwhile, Mohanty said several cultural programmes - including one featuring popular playback singers Alka Yagnik and Abhijeet -to raise funds for cancer patients had to be deferred in the wake of state mourning announced in mark of respect to the former Prime Minister I K Gujral, who died on November 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17485937", "title": "Jingle all the way second edition begins today", "text": "MADURAI: Along with its cool serene climate December brings the joy of Christmas and with the season comes the carol singing, an integral part of Christmas celebrations. As part of the festivities, The Times of India will be organising its second edition of Jingle all The Way - a carol concert at the Milan'em Mall on Wednesday and Vishal De Mall on Friday.After the success of the first edition last year, the second edition with many more varieties will witness performances by leading choirs from Madurai and Tirunelveli districts. Joel Thomasraj, a well-known musician, who performs at Christian concerts will be gracing the occasion for this edition.There are seven choirs and three soloists taking part in the carols besides an Acapella and instrumental group performances, the organisers said. There will also be a special performance from students of Bethsan Special School.To add more flavour to the season, musicians from Tirunelveli will be performing at the event. Beatrice D'Couto, professor in English from Lady Doak College will be anchoring the event. The event is sponsored by AAPL an Enviro and Energy Infra company, Hannah Joseph Hospital, SSP Enterprises and Kalyani Associates, according to the organisers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "17485113", "title": "Tobacco Board to remain headless", "text": "GUNTUR: The Tobacco Board in Andhra Pradesh will most likely remain headless for the crucial auction season this time. As the Union commerce minister is busy handling the FDI issue in Parliament, the appointment of a fulltime chairman to the board is likely to be delayed till February.Although, nearly two months is left for the auctions to begin in the state, the chance of getting a chairman by that time looks remote. Senior IAS officer, G Kamalavardhan Rao handed over the charge to the executive director in the board, C V Subba Rao, following the completion of his two-year term in the board on Tuesday.Subbarao, an IFS officer, is likely to continue till the appointment of the successor to the Kamalavardhan Rao. According to sources, the Union department is yet to process the applications received from all-India service officers for the appointment of the Tobacco Board chairman.Sources said the Union government might appoint the chairman only after the completion of the winter session of the parliament. The ministry is likely to prepare the file with shortlisted candidates only around the first week of January and it would be routed through the vigilance commission for its remarks before finally sending it to the PMO. Sources in the board said it was highly unlikely that the centre would name the next chairman before February next year.The presence of a full-time chairman in the board is very important during the auction season as he could prevent unethical practices by merchants while offering reasonable prices to the farmers.\"Normally, the traders always try to take advantage from every small opportunity and it is very difficult for the farmers to demand a good price in the absence of a full-time chairman at the board,\" rued Ch Venkateswara Rao, a tobacco farmer from Prakasam district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bankura", "code": "17486145", "title": "CM's pre-poll bounty for farmers", "text": "BANKURA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee played the Santa for Bankura villagers on Tuesday, pulling out resources from central assistance projects and the state budget to shower them with pre-poll sops.Mamata expects that the villagers will reciprocate to her largesse by setting up \"people's panchayats\" (read Trinamool-run panchayats) in the next rural elections and evict the CPM from the three-tier equation.Mamata's promises clearly have a long-term aim far beyond the expected gains in the panchayat polls. She hopes the bounty will stand her in good stead in the 2014 Lok Sabha polls, in which she hopes for a clean sweep to increase her clout in national politics.Under the schemes announced on Tuesday, a landless labourer is likely to get a minimum asset of Rs 85,000 - three cottahs of vested land and a house under Indira Abas Yojna, apart from the monthly dole of rice and wheat at Rs 2 a kg, plus seed money for starting business, if the delivery mechanism works.The CM showered bounties on middle-level farmers as well. Those who can afford to spend a little can avail of a Rs 8,000 benefit in electricity charges to run power-driven pump sets, Rs 70,000 subsidy to buy farm implements worth Rs 1 lakh and also crop insurance EMI if they have a Kisan Credit Card.They are also entitled to soft loans on a diminishing interest rate , beginning with 7% interest. A farmer under the scheme can pay off the first installment and can earn from the rest of the amount in a fixed deposit, thus getting interest on government money before paying off the loan.The CM also allotted funds to give away free cycle vans to each of 30,000 farmers to carry their produce to nearby markets. She increased the subsidy component for women forming self-help groups from 20% to 30%.While inaugurating the country's largest piped water project at Onda on Tuesday, the CM announced a revamp of the district's infrastructure - rural roads, super-specialty hospitals, eight model schools, and a rural hub among others.Mamata promised that her government would fulfill all the promises \"despite its financial constraints\".\"The Left Front government left behind a huge debt that had been piling up for 34 years. Yet we have been managing finances without going to Delhi with a begging bowl. Schoolteachers are getting their salary on the first day of the month. We have also decided to absorb 10% para teachers and PTTI students in schools,\" the CM said. She announced that the government has set up 78 new primary schools in the district and sanctioned 14,562 scholarship for school students.However, a closer look at schemes for individuals reveals that the money for farmers won't come easy. Any scheme has to be approved in a meeting of gram samsad as is the procedure, and a business plan has to be drawn up first by the farmer and duly approved by the zilla parishad before the government sanctions the seed money for starting a business.The main challenge before the government is to beef up the delivery mechanism without which the promises would sound hollow. The CM thus appealed to the bureaucrats to speed up execution so that her promises bear fruit in time.Mamata, however, has got her arguments ready in the event of a logjam. \"You are all aware that the CPM-run zilla parishads have come in the way of development works. Set up people's panchayats and we will take stock of the projects after the panchayat polls and give them a boost when I will be coming next time,\" the CM said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17486311", "title": "Parents must educate their children", "text": "Crime against children is on the rise in towns and big cities. That they are vulnerable and voiceless makes them perfect targets for perverted criminals. When a child suffers a violent attack, a society suffers. Which is why it is imperative for not only parents but also schools to understand that the safety of their wards is paramount. In an age where the communication gap between parents and kids is increasing, it is important that parents listen to their children and educate them so that such incidents are pre-empted. The onus is on schools to ensure a safe campus and also to report any untoward incident.Related story: Girl returned home in tears, confided in mother", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17485996", "title": "Two-day international conference starts", "text": "VARANASI: The two-day international conference on 'Marketing Paradigm in Emerging Economies', organised by faculty of Management Studies, Banaras Hindu University (BHU), started in Swatantrata Bhawan on Tuesday.A series of discussions and presentations by experts and scholars were held on the occasion. The inaugural day witnessed as many as six technical sessions including discussions on Brand Management: Issue and Challenges, Marketing: The Social Paradigm, Supply Chain and Logistics, Marketing Enrichment Through Technology, Consumer Behaviour: Exploring the Dynamics and Marketing Industry Specifies. Some international scholars and experts from countries like China, Nepal, Mexico, Thailand, Malaysia, Bangladesh were also present on the occasion.Over 300 research papers were expected to be read on the two-day international conference by participants from across the country. The conference will conclude on Wednesday.Inauguration: Vice chancellor, BHU, Dr Lalji Singh inaugurated two buildings one each at department of Computer Engineering and school of Biomedical Engineering of Indian Institute of Technology (IIT-BHU) on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17484197", "title": "'Ghajini' to leave Indore zoo", "text": "INDORE: Ghajini, the rescued sloth bear, who has been named after Hindi blockbuster- is likely to be shifted from Kamla Nehru Nehru Zoo soon. The bear, claim the zoo officials, has been treated of injuries that he suffered at the hands of the villagers, and is now fit to either be left back in the wild or relocated to some other zoo. The bear has been in the custody of the zoo officials for about four months now.According to the zoo in-charge Dr Uttam Yadav, the bear has lived a major part of his life in the forests so it stands a better chance of survival in the wild. \"We have been talking to the authorities concerned about the matter and awaiting the green signal from them,\" he said.However, when TOI contacted a senior forest official to know the exact status, he said \"We have not been given any instructions regarding shifting of Ghajini.\" Though there were talks some half month back about sending the bear to Bhopal 'Van Vihaar.'Meanwhile, zoo officials are pursuing with the forest officials to let the bear live rest of its life in the wild.Dr Yadav recalled that Ghajini had entered human habitation, and there were incidents reported of bear attacks near the Burhanpur forests. But before forest department could take any action, the locals took law into their hands and beat up the animal. Afterwards, the sloth bear was brought to the Indore zoo in injured condition.When asked how the bear got his name Ghajini, Yadav said the bear was in a very critical condition when it was brought here some four months back with serious head injuries. During the treatment, we noticed behavioural disorders in him. In fact, he suffered short term memory loss (STM). He used to forget to eat his food sometimes while on some occasions, he would hog a lot more than his regular diet. These behaviour patterns inspired us to name him Gajini. \"Though the animal is physically and mentally fit now, and is ready to be relocated,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "17484252", "title": "SPU postpones convocation to January 24", "text": "VADODARA/ANAND: Sardar Patel University (SPU) in the education town of Vallabh Vidyanagar in Anand district has been forced to postpone its annual convocation this year due to forthcoming assembly elections.Traditionally, the university organizes its annual convocation every year on December 15 to mark the death anniversary of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, India's Iron Man in whose name the university functions. But, the convocation ceremony this time has been postponed to January 24, 2013.Earlier, the university had made all the arrangements to hold its 55th annual convocation on December 15 this year. The Chief Justice of India (CJI), Altmas Kabir, who was invited by the university as chief guest for the forthcoming annual convocation, too, had confirmed his presence.\"The date of our annual convocation was falling between the two dates of the state assembly elections - December 13 and December 17. Our annual convocation is presided over by state Governor, who is Chancellor of our university. It was very difficult administratively to make all the arrangements. Hence, we have postponed the annual convocation,\" SPU vice-chancellor professor Harish Padh told TOI on Tuesday.The university is approaching the CJI again requesting for his presence of the new date of convocation. This academic year, 14,000 students will be conferred degrees by the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17487571", "title": "Not \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcfriends\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 enough to attend Rana's family do?", "text": "Rana Daggubati, over the past few months have been in the spotlight for his alleged liaisons with actresses.During the shooting of his first Hindi film, Dum Maaro Dum , the actor was labelled his co-star Bipasha Basu's '3-am' friend. And though both actors have brushed it off quoting 'Hindi lessons' as an alibi, the camaraderie has continued for months.Soon after, the actor reportedly got busy lending a shoulder to Nayanthara who split with her boyfriend Prabhu Deva. And recently, we told you how Rana was spotted partying with Priyanka at a nightclub owned by his uncle Nagarjuna. But surprisingly, the three beauties will be absent at the grand wedding of Rana's sister Malavika at the Ramanaidu Studios in Hyderabad.In an extraordinary coincidence, the trio - Priyanka, Bipasha and Nayanthara, claimed that they were invited for the wedding but couldn't attend the do due to 'professional commitments'.For example, when we tried to find out what kept Bipasha away from the wedding, a friend of the actor told us, \"She was invited but she called up the family and excused herself. She had an ad shoot scheduled in Jakarta .\"Priyanka too was busy with an ad shoot. \"She is extremely busy,\" said a friend of the actress. Whether Nayanthara too had an ad to shoot is unknown. However, sources close to Rana told us that she will be giving the big wedding a miss. Though the three women will stay away from the festivities, the reception will not lack lustre. A source told us that many VIP guests including celebrities from the south Indian and Hindi film industry would be there to bless the newlyweds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17485215", "title": "Institute develops technology to produce temperature resistant ceramics", "text": "NAGPUR: The Central Glass and Ceramic Research Institute (CGCRI) in Kolkata has developed a process to convert extremely inferior grade bauxite into refractory grade bauxite that can withstand very high temperature. This bauxite can then be used in the refractory industry, where it is used to make different types of refractory bricks.The Institute has already obtained good results in the lab. \"Many reputed refractory industries have already offered to scale up the technology to at least one tonne capacity. One of these industries belongs to Nagpur and it is planning to redevelop the process for bauxite available in Maharashtra,\" said Swapan Kumar Das, chief scientist at refractories division in CGCI.Das was in the city for the ongoing three day international symposium on bauxite, alumina and aluminium industry of Asia organized jointly by the International Bauxite, Alumina and Aluminium Society (IBASS) and the city based Jawaharlal Nehru Aluminium Research Development and Design Centre ( JNARDDC).There are two kinds of bauxite ore available in India, non-refractory grade and metallurgical grade. CGCRI's process removes impurities like calcium oxide, titanium oxide and iron oxide from bauxite. It cannot be improved using physical beneficiation process so CGCRI is using certain natural materials which selectively absorb these impurities there by increasing its melting point (1600 degrees Celsius).\"We have converted the low melting point phase bauxite into high temperature phase. This can be used even in steel melting process,\" said Anup Ghosh, also from the refractories division at CGCRI. At present this type of bauxite used in refractory industry is imported from countries like China. Now, the new process will help the country to completely do away with the import.In another big achievement the institute successfully used extremely inferior grade bauxite to make extremely hard ceramic tiles. \"The hardness has been brought by blending other industrial wastes like fly ash and iron ore tailings to make the new ceramic. It can be used as a lining in hoppers and chutes used in steel plants and coal washeries. It helps prevent corrosion and abrasion,\" explained Das.Many private industries including steel plants at Vizac, the Tata Steel , Essar Steel and TRL Krosaki, Odisha Cement Limited and the Steel Authority of India Limited (Sail), attending the symposium, have shown interest in obtaining the technology from the institute.Das also presented other technologies developed by the institute in the recent past, especially bio-ceramics. A technology that brought the prestigious Council of Scientific and Industrial Research technology award to the institute uses alumina obtained from bauxite to make ceramic joints. For example, head and stem of the hip and knee joints. CGCRI has already transferred this technology to IFGL Bio Ceramics Ltd in Rourkela. The team which developed this included D Basu, Someshwar Datta and Bishwanath Kundu.CGCRI has also developed ceramic membranes using alumina tubes coated ceramics. These membranes can selectively filter arsenic and iron oxide, the largest water pollutants in West Bengal and are being used in community water filtration units. The team for this project was comprised of S Bandopadhyay and S Majumdar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17486493", "title": "Government to seek governor's permission to prosecute V S Achuthanandan", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The single hurdle that stands between prosecuting former chief minister and opposition leader V S Achuthanandan in the Kasargod land assignment case and exempting him from the case is a green signal from the governor.The state government will write to governor H R Bharadwaj this week seeking his permission to prosecute the veteran leader for assigning 2.33 acres of land in Kasargod to his relative T K Soman by violating norms. The transfer took place in 2011 and the vigilance probe has found VS and the then revenue minister K P Rajendran guilty.\"We have received the legal opinion of advocate general on the charges framed by the investigating team. Now, the report and AG's opinion will be forwarded to the governor,\" home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan told TOI. He said the government would accept whatever decision the governor takes in the case. Legal opinion received by the vigilance directorate was also in favour of prosecuting VS.Responding to the issue in Pathanamthitta, chief minister Oommen Chandy said the government wouldn't show undue haste in the issue.\"Recently, the governor had suspended state information commissioner K Natarajan for allegedly trying to influence the vigilance probe into the case.Ends...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17486744", "title": "Woman, 65, cheated of 3-sovereign gold bangle", "text": "CHENNAI: A 65-year-old woman was conned of a three-sovereign gold bangle in Mylapore on Monday by a man who told her he wanted to make a similar one for his daughter.Prema told the Mylapore police she was approached by a man as she was walking towards the Saibaba temple. The man introduced himself as a devotee and told Prema he had seen her in the area over the past several months. After some small talk, he told her his elder daughter was going to be married soon.He then requested Prema to show her gold bangle saying he wished to make a similar one for his daughter. He took her to a small lane near the temple and asked her to wait on the road side. He said he would return after showing the bangle to his wife and daughter, who he said were waiting at a relative's house.Prema agreed. After more than 10 minutes, when he didn't return, she searched for him but could not find him. She then lodged a complaint with Mylapore police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17485766", "title": "Suspense over Lusofonia Games", "text": "PANAJI: The International Olympic Committee (IOC) decision to suspend the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) has sent shivers down the spine of Goa's sporting fraternity.IOC suspended the IOA on Tuesday for the association's failure to hold its election as per the Olympic Charter.Sports Authority of Goa (SAG) executive director, Elvis Gomes , spent most of Tuesday evening on the phone with ACOLOP president Alex Vong as the suspension put a huge question mark over the Lusofonia Games 2013.\"The Lusofonia Games are held under the Olympic banner since National Olympic Committees (NOCs) are involved. For the moment, all that we can hope for is an early settlement,\" said Gomes, who just last week attended a meeting of the Associacao dos Comites Olimpicos de Lingua Oficial Portuguesa (ACOLOP) or the Association of the Portuguese Speaking Olympic Committees.ACOLOP is a non-governmental organization with 12 members, including India, and is affiliated to the IOC. It's stated mission is to \"promote Olympic ideals among its member countries and regions.\"Twelve countries are billed to take part in the Lusofonia Games next year, but should the ban, in the rare eventuality, extend for a year, none of the countries will risk participation in an event that will not have IOC approval. Worst still, international sporting federations, who will conduct the respective games, will also stay away.\"There is no question of holding the Games if the ban stays but before we jump to any conclusions, I need to speak to ACOLOP members and get their views. I am sure there will be a way out for IOA,\" said Gomes.Interestingly, it is the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) that is affiliated to ACOLOP and not Goa Olympic Association as is largely believed.\"I don't think the Games are under threat. The IOA will go ahead with the elections (on Wednesday) and then matters with IOC will be resolved. There is nothing much to worry,\" said GOA secretary Gurudatta Bhakta, who is in Delhi for the IOA elections and is understood to have thrown his weight behind the ruling faction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bangalore/mumbai", "code": "17484539", "title": "Moody\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s, Genpact eye research &amp; analytics company Amba Research", "text": "BANGALORE/MUMBAI: Global credit rating agency Moody's Corporation is seen vying with outsourcing firm Genpact in bidding for investment research and analytics company Amba Research, said people directly briefed on the matter.The bids for the Bangalore-based Amba\u00e2\u20ac\u201dfounded by former directors of research at Goldman Sachs , JP Morgan and Deutsche Bank \u00e2\u20ac\u201d could come in the range of $90 million to $100 million, which is slightly below the company's asking price.Moody's Analytics, a subsidiary of New York-based credit rating major Moody's Corporation, and Genpact are among the key contenders while a third company, whose name is not yet known, has also said to have evinced interest in Amba.Amba's four promoters \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Andrew Houston, Mohan Alexandar, Brad West and Anand Aithal\u00e2\u20ac\u201dand the company's other investors have appointed Avendus Capital to identity a suitable buyer. Amba is a combination of the first letter of each of its founders' names. Helion Venture Partners invested $10 million in 2007 in Amba and managing directors of the PE firm Sanjeev Aggarwal and Kanwaljit Singh are on the board of the research firm.TOI made repeated attempts to reach out to Mohan Alexander, group CEO and co-founder of Amba Research, for a comment on the move to sell the company. But he was unavailable. A Moody's spokesperson said she couldn't comment immediately.Founded in 2003, Amba Research provides investment research, analytics, marketing, and middle-office support services to the global capital markets industry. Over 70 companies, including 6 of the top 15 global asset managers and 6 of the top 15 global investment banks, use Amba. Amba's around 1,000 analysts help working from offices in New York , London , Singapore, Bangalore, Colombo, and San Jose ( Costa Rica ).Moody's Analytics was founded in 2007 and currently employs over 1,500 analysts. It performs economic research related to credit analysis, performance management, financial modeling, and financial risk management. Last year, Moody's acquired Copal Partners to bolster presence in outsourced research and big data analytics.The $1.6-billion Genpact recently said it plans to expand its annual revenue from analytics and research practice to $1 billion in the next five years, from the current $250 million.It also said this expansion would come through organic and in-organic growth.Amba Research was ranked among the top 3 knowledge process outsourcing service providers in Datamonitor's annual Black Book of Outsourcing survey for 2010. \"The company is mostly known as a research firm in the global market rather than an analytics firm and that might have an adverse impact on its revenue multiples and price premiums,\" said a market source who did not want to be named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17485484", "title": "Mock drill: Commuters, tourists caught unawares", "text": "NEW DELHI: The mega-mock-drill that aimed at checking the preparedness of the city's emergency services caused inconvenience to a few who were stranded during the exercise.The drill at the Lotus Temple kept over 200 people stranded for almost an hour in the garden area without shoes. As the drill was initiated, devotees and visitors, who as per the norm had deposited their shoes with the authorities before entering the temple, were rushed outside the prayer area. There was panic as most of the visitors were tourists and had to catch trains or flights.Shakeela Khan (70), a British national, who had a flight to catch at 4pm lost her temper at the security personnel. \"If they had to conduct such a drill they should have informed the visitors about it at the entrance. We would not have come inside,\" said Khan who was accompanied by her son, daughter-in-law and three grandchildren.Things were no better at J Block market in Saket. A number of emergency vehicles were inadvertently parked in such a way that other vehicle owners couldn't get to their vehicles and had to wait for the drill to be over. Atul Sinha, a resident of Saket who had come to the bank to deposit a cheque, was unable to get to his bike for almost an hour. \"My bike was parked right behind the ambulances, so I couldn't get out. No one told me that I couldn't park there. I needed to go to office, but I was stuck,\" he said.However, at Jhandewalan Metro station, the drill did not cause much inconvenience for commuters. While the drill took place at gate 1, commuters used rest of the gates to enter the station. However, traffic just outside the station, slowed down for quite some time. When volunteers who were acting to be blast victims were laid on the road, people crowded around the spot, curious to see what was happening. This blocked a part of the main road.\"Even if this obstructs traffic for sometime, it's alright. I just hope the drill makes agencies more prepared to deal with disasters,\" said Priyanka, a Delhi University student who had came to the Metro station.No major traffic snarls were reported due to the mock drill. \"There was slow moving traffic in areas where the drills were taking place but there was no traffic jam. Traffic movement remained mostly smooth,\" said a senior traffic police officer. Minor congestion was reported in Saket where traffic movement slowed down near J Block market. The situation worsened after buses of a private school started plying.No major traffic snarls were reported due to the mock drill. \"There was slow moving traffic in areas where the drills were taking place but there was no traffic jam,\" said a traffic officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17485903", "title": "Driver may face action for abusing autistic child", "text": "MADURAI: The Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation (TNSTC) has agreed to initiate disciplinary action against one of its drivers, if allegations against him of having harassed a woman and her autistic child, is proved.It may be recalled that the child from Sivakasi, who had come for training to a centre in Madurai, accompanied by her mother was verbally abused by the driver of the TNSTC bus bearing registration number TN-67-N-0497 on the afternoon of November 23, when she was returning home.Rani Chakkravarthy, the psychologist working with the child said, the driver moved the mother to tears and scared the child before threatening them against travelling in his bus again.The timid mother, who was not keen of filing a complaint with the police was however, very upset that her child was abused in front of a large crowd in the bus and no one had come forward to stand up for them.However, the parents of other children who come to the centre were irked by this issue and as all of them faced similar problems while travelling by public transport with their autistic children, they decided to seek the help of the helpline.Peoples Watch, Tamil Nadu was approached and its in-charge, Sudha wrote to the TNSTC, Madurai division. Soon after, Peoples Watch received a reply from the TNSTC Madurai division, Virudhunagar region from where the bus was operated, expressing their sympathy for what happened to the mother and child. The letter also assured her of action against the concerned driver and sought the cooperation of the family and NGO in the inquiry, if required.According to Rani Chakkaravarthy, this was a big leap and not just a drop in the ocean. \"It shows that not all are as insensitive as thought and there are people who care for others, this is a big breakthrough as it would enable many other children of economically backward parents to travel in buses freely and seek help,\" she said.\"We are happy and hope things moved forward in support of these children who can be easily brought into the mainstream with public participation and help,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17483898", "title": "Sanskriti Yatra brings Tagore to Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: You could call it a tribute on wheels to Gurudev. The Sanskriti Yatra, an express train showcasing the works of Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore, has chugged into the city. The five-coach a/c train is stationed at the Cantonment railway station.The exhibition train, which arrived in the city on Monday, will be open for public till 8 pm on Wednesday.Sanskriti Express is a tribute to Tagore from the Indian Railways on the occasion of his 150th birth anniversary. Currently on its second trip, the train began its journey from Shantiniketan University in Bolpur, West Bengal on August 7, 2012. The first trip was launched in Howrah railway station on May 9, 2010.The exhibition throws light on the life and works of the poet, writer and painter. The five coaches are named after each phase of Tagore's life. The first coach named 'Jibon Smiriti' focuses on the birth and initial days of Tagore and also has a display of Shantiniketan and Sriniketan. The second coach, 'Gitanjali', highlights his Nobel Prize winning work. The third coach named 'Muktodhara' displays his short stories, novels, dramas and pictures of Tagore as the performer. The fourth coach 'Chitrarekha' is all about paintings, portraits and sketches while the last coach 'Sesh Katha and Smaranika' is about the final journey and features the ailing poet in his chair.The last coach also has handicrafts products from Shantiniketan on display and sale. The exhibition will move to Hubli on Wednesday night. The exhibition is open from 10 am to 8 pm and there is no entry fee for visitors.Few visitors so farAlthough the exhibition has not drawn many visitors till now, the officials are expecting higher footfall on the last day. \"There are not many who have turned up for the exhibition as it is a weekday. Being one of his admirers, I decided to have a glimpse of the great man's life,\" said S Sudhakar, a visitor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17485302", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcMinority issues to be resolved soon\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: State ports and infrastructure minister Ganta Srinivasa Rao said the problems of Muslims in the city would be resolved soon. While interacting with leaders and activists of the Muslim community welfare associations at Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation (GVMC) here on Tuesday, the minister said he already brought their demands and problems to the notice of chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy, who he claimed had positively responded to his request.He instructed the officers concerned to give top priority to addressing the demands of people from the minority community, including allocation of pucca houses under JNNURM, sites for Shadikhana and burial grounds. The minister reiterated that the chief minister would take part in a three-day Indiramma Baata beginning on December 22. He also mentioned that steps were being taken to renovate the Indira Priyadarshini Stadium at a cost of Rs 5 crore. Collector V Seshadri and GVMC commissioner MV Satyannarayana were also present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17485356", "title": "Govt: Minority schools too in Economically Weaker Sections ambit", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government on Tuesday informed the Delhi High Court that all schools - private, public and even minority - which have been allotted government land must provide reservation in all classes for students belonging to Economically Weaker Sections (EWS).Filing an affidavit before the bench of justices Sanjay Kishan Kaul and Vipin Sanghi, the Delhi government said, \"This obligation (20 percent quota for EWS students) shall be applicable to all schools even if they are a school run by minority community as the obligation flows from the provisions of the lease deed/land allotment letter.\"\"To ensure the implementation of the policy decision, modification of January 7, 2011 notification is under process,\" the government also said. Accepting the government affidavit, the bench disposed of a plea filed by some parents through counsel Ashok Agarwal and Khagesh Jha challenging the Delhi government's January 2011 notification giving reservation to EWS students only up to Class I.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17486746", "title": "Students need better spoken English skills", "text": "PATNA: BCA graduate Ravi Kumar cleared as many as three bank recruitment examinations, but failed to pass the group discussion and interview rounds every time due to his stumbling English. His is not an isolated case. Students of the state need to pull up their socks so far as spoken English and communication skills are concerned. Experts believe that students in Bihar lag in campus recruitment or interviews because of poor spoken English and communication abilities.While the state of higher education has improved in Bihar with many national institutions now established here, Biharis will have to improve their fluency in English. In fact, many colleges also conduct special English coaching classes for improving the language proficiency of students. \"Lack of fluency in English and hesitancy in communicating in the language are major hindrances facing the students here,\" said Fr T Nishant, principal, St Xavier's College, Patna , adding, \"Companies that come for campus recruitment look for students who are articulate in their conversations.\"On a different note, he said, \"Getting internship is also a problem facing students in Bihar. There are not many good companies in the state and children have to go to other places for training.\"CIMP director V Mukund Das also agreed that students in Bihar need to improve their English. \"Majority of CIMP students are from the state itself. When they come, they are not confident in speaking English. In fact, some of them can't speak a complete sentence in the language. But we encourage them to master the language and the transformation is commendable,\" said Das. The institute runs special course in Communicative English and students are given additional inputs to enhance their communication skills.Seems like Patnaites should take a few lessons from Shashi Godbole (Sridevi) to improve their English Vinglish!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17488923", "title": "I am happy that Priyanka is doing my role: Mary Kom", "text": "Olympic bronze medallist Mary Kom is happy that Bollywood actress Priyanka Chopra is going to essay her life and times in a biopic.\"Any actress is good enough to play my role. They are all talented. I am happy that Priyanka is doing my role,\" Mary said at an event.Asked if she would make her silver screen debut with the movie, directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali , she said, \"It is hard for me. I am not good at acting. I get nervous while facing the camera.\"The petite boxer added that she would love to show the film's cast and crew on how they lead their lives in Manipur. Mangte Chungneijang Mary Kom, the ace boxer who is lauded as a national hero after winning the London Olympic bronze, has become a source of inspiration for Bhansali to make a movie based on her.The boxer added that she would love to show the film's cast and crew on how they lead their lives in Manipur.Belonging to Kom tribal community of north eastern state Manipur, Mary initially tried to hide her interest in boxing from her family, since it was not considered a suitable sport for a woman.After her victory in the Manipur state women's boxing championship in 2000, her career became public and she started competing at international level at the age of 18.The 29-year-old is the only woman boxer to have won a medal in each one of the six world championships.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17484124", "title": "Gram rakhis threaten mass resignation", "text": "KORAPUT: Gram rakhis of Koraput, Malkangiri, Nabrangapur and Rayagada districts have threatened to resign en masse if the government does not fulfill their demands. They said the government is deliberately neglecting them though they are being targeted by Maoists on charges of helping police.\"We are panicky. The Maoists have killed many of our colleagues on charges of passing information to police against the extremists. Though we work in the most hostile of conditions, the government is not at all serious about our demands that we submitted to it on November 26,\" said president of Koraput Gram Rakhi Association Bedanta Harijan. \"We have assembled here to decide our next course of action and may resign en masse, if our demands are not fulfilled,\" he added.They want financial assistance of Rs 10,000 for the last rites of gram rakhis killed on duty, an ex-gratia amount of Rs 10 lakh, employment to one of the family members of the deceased gram rakhi and a hike in their montly salary from Rs 1,000 to Rs 5,000.Recently, on charges of passing information against the Maoists to police, the Red rebels gunned down gram rakhi Bhagaban Naik of Girliput village on October 18 and Gour Chandra Das of Dasmantpur village on November 23. Following this, as many as 35 gram rakhi's of Boipariguda resigned from their posts.Police said family of a gram rakhi killed byMaoist is entitled to an ex gratia of Rs 5 lakh from the state government besides an insurance amount of Rs 5 lakh. \"We have initimated our higher-ups about their demands,\" said DIG (southern range) S Debdutta Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17486271", "title": "Boy and partner confess to 22 chain snatchings", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two chain snatchers, including a juvenile, have been arrested by the crime branch. The gang members, said crime branch officials, have confessed to 22 snatchings.Interestingly, only five of these self-confessed crimes were actually reported to city police.Crime branch police inspector B M Desai got a tip-off that a 17-year-old boy, resident of Naroda, who had little formal education had suddenly taken to splurging. \"The informant told us that the boy was spending lavishly on friends and also had a number of girl friends,\" said a crime branch official.The boy was under surveillance and tailed by crime branch sleuths for some days. The tip-off was confirmed as the boy was indeed having a gala time without any noticeable source of income. When the boy was detained and questioned by crime branch officials, he confessed to chain snatchings in various parts of the city. He also divulged that he worked with his neighbour Ajay Parmar, 22.Crime branch arrested Parmar and questioned him too. Parmar said that the duo often went out on a motorbike and hid the vehicle's registration number by applying mud on the number plate.The duo had targeted pedestrians, mostly women, near Gujarat University, Sola, Vastrapur, Naroda and Sheherkotda. The bikers first spotted pedestrians who were wearing gold necklaces and then struck at a deserted stretch of road. In the last one year, they had struck 22 times. The necklaces were sold to some unscrupulous jewelers in the city who paid 50 per cent of the current gold rate.\"We have recovered five such gold necklaces. For those cases where police complaints have not been lodged, we will intimate individual police stations to intimate the public. We appeal to the victims of these chain snatchers to approach the nearest police station to register their complaints,\" said Desai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17484371", "title": "30-year-old dies due to dengue", "text": "PUNE: A 30-year-old man died due to dengue shock syndrome at the KEM Hospital around 8.15 am on Tuesday, said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health, Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).The man, a resident of Parvati Darshan, developed symptoms of the disease on November 29. He was suffering from fever with chills for five days and breathlessness for two days. He did not have any underlying medical condition, a civic official said. The victim was treated at Harjeevan Hospital for a few days, before being shifted to KEM Hospital.\"He had tested positive for the dengue antibody test (IgG),\" the official said.This is the second dengue death in the city in the last three days.On Sunday, a doctor from Hadapsar died due to dengue shock syndrome at the Deenanath Mangeshkar Hospital. This is the 11th death in the Pune municipal limits this year.Meanwhile, six people tested positive for the dengue infection on Tuesday, taking the number of infected people since January to 935.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17485555", "title": "HC pulls up govt for failing to check female infanticide", "text": "JAIPUR: The unabated incidents of infanticide, feticide as well as the increasing number of road accidents had the Rajasthan high court fuming on Tuesday. The court said it was appalled at the governance in a state where the poor quality of roads led to the death of an IAS official and a few students in accidents.The court also felt that the government had failed to curb the macabre trend of killing the female fetus as well as the infant girl child.The court's observation came on a petition seeking a check on female feticide. The bench asked the state government to explain why such serious lapses were taking place time and again. Additional advocate general R P Singh sought time for compliance of court's orders to which Justice Mahesh Chand Sharma asked whether the state government wanted a freehand and a license for female feticide.The Rajasthan High Court on Tuesday rapped the state government for increasing cases of infanticide, feticide and road accidents.The Rajasthan High Court bench also showed its concern on media reports of female infants being left abandoned. \"After getting strict with diagnostic centres we now observe increasing cases of infant girls being abandoned on the road side,\" the bench observed.\"The bench had earlier directed a medical health officer to be transferred, holding him negligent for putting a check on female feticide. We moved an application for recall of that order which was being heard on Tuesday,\" said R P Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17485716", "title": "Entertainment Society of Goa begins Iffi cost estimation", "text": "PANAJI: The Entertainment Society of Goa (ESG) is in the process of accumulating details about the expenditure for the 43rd International Film Festival of Goa (Iffi). The budget for the film festival- organized by the Union information and broadcasting ministry in collaboration with the Goa government - was brought down to 9 crore this year from 2011's 10.5 crore.The state government worked with a tight budget this year as it is reeling under the mining ban that has significantly affected Goa's revenue.\"We are in the process of gathering information from various quarters on the actual expenditure. The process will take a few weeks,\" ESG vice-chairperson Vishnu Wagh said.The festival was to be managed within an estimated budget of 9 crore and officials maintained that 2 crore of the total budget was raised through sponsors.Officials also said that around 30 lakh was saved on the festival hotel. \"Hotels were asked to bid to be the official hotel for the festival and Taj Vivanta won the bid as it quoted the best price. It was also the only hotel which could give us rooms in the same complex, which made the logistics more convenient,\" an official said.The state government received criticism from some quarters for spending a whopping 1.23 crore for the facility raised to host the opening ceremony at the football ground at Campal when the ceremony was previously held at Kala Academy during previous festivals.Officials said that the air-conditioned hanger was built to accommodate 2,700 persons this year so that a maximum number could witness the ceremony.Officials said that the cultural programmes held at different villages across Goa as peripheral activities were fitted within the original budget of 2 crore even as the number of venues went up from the initial eight to 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17482445", "title": "GMR row: Diplomatic failure for India", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Maldives government and GMR are headed on a collision course, but India is the ultimate loser, exhibiting a stunning diplomatic failure and political naivete of a country crucial to India's security considerations.Maldives has given GMR until Saturday December 8 to get out of the Male airport. GMR's CEO Andrew Harrison, in a statement said, \"The injunction clearly prevents them from taking the action outlined in their notice issued to us stating that the airport would be taken over at the end of the 7 day period. We remain resolute in our position and there is no question of an offer being made and certainly no question of any alleged offer being accepted as we will simply not agree to our rights nor the injunction being undermined in any way.\"This can only have an ugly ending. While there has been no communication with Maldives president, Waheed, the foreign minister told Salman Khurshid that they were determined to evict GMR. India can either look the other way, or adopt strong-arm tactics neither of which has any good implications.When India fell over itself to recognize Waheed as president, who had overthrown Nasheed in February, he was an unknown quantity. But Indian government were happy to dump Nasheed for Waheed, including indicating that Nasheed was acting against Indian interests. The GMR deal was one of the big reasons behind the February events anyway, so it should have been incumbent on the Indian government to ensure that the problems were ironed out.Ousted Mohamed Nasheed , wrote this week, \"India should have foreseen the consequences its investments would later face in endorsing a regime consisting of elements that had previously shown its disapproval towards major Indian investments. India should have taken its time to assess the political situation of the country and should have confirmed the legitimacy of the controversial regime before accepting it. However, failure to do so resulted in the scrapping of its single largest investment by the very government it had recognised.\"Maldives has lurched from protest to protest, even though India by and large protected the Waheed government from certain censure by the Commonwealth Ministerial Action Group (CMAG). But India failed to secure its own interests in return, because India wasn't actually engaged with the implications of what was clearly happening in Maldives.Foreign minister Salman Khurshid, said India was keeping Maldives \"at arms length\" since the departure of Nasheed. India is now paying the price for that decision. Waheed's special advisor, Hassan Saeed wrote a letter to Manmohan Singh in September, asking India to assist in the termination. In his letter, he said, \"The Indian Foreign Secretary's visit to our country in February failed to resolve the political crisis largely because India is no longer seen as a friendly and fair neighbour who could broker an honest and fair deal.\"This was not just about GMR. Maldives complained that the government was being forced to pay GMR, that Maldivians were being charged for the airport fee. Indian officials said GMR was ready to make a deal with the Maldives government, which should have been facilitated. This vaccum gave Islamists like the Adhaalath party room to push Waheed on this issue.Indian officials complained \"outside\" interests have muddied the waters __ which is not surprising. The Adhaalath party, said sources, has strong links with Pakistan, which is only now being acknowledged in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17485109", "title": "Nagpur University passes buck on paper setters &amp; moderators", "text": "NAGPUR: Refusing to take the blame for Tuesday's fiasco, controller of examination (CoE) Vilas Ramteke has pinned the guilt on engineering faculty lecturers who set the question paper for including \"out of syllabus\" questions in the engineering third semester 'Applied Mathematics-III' paper conduced on Tuesday.He ruled out any discrepancies from NU's side by claiming that the original paper and the distributed one have been tallied after they received complaints and there was no change. He rejected all the charges against NU by pointing out that none of them were authorized to see the question paper before hand, and hence the moderators and paper setters were solely accountable for the goof-up.\"The paper setter sets the paper and moderator checks it. The CoE gets three sets of question papers per subject in a sealed envelope of which, one is directly dispatched to printing without opening it. How NU officials are responsible for the mess when we don't even get a chance to see contents of the question paper,\" Ramteke asked.He added that they received complaints from the centres in the morning and by evening many students also filed written complaints. \"The issue will be placed before dean Ravindra Kshirsagar and chairman of the board of studies of concerned subject. They will verify the allegations and only after their confirmation further course of action could be decided. A probe panel will be constituted if both of them confirmed the blunder,\" he said.The CoE added that necessary action would be taken against either the paper setter or the moderator only after probe panel's report is received. \"Strict action would be taken against guilty persons,\" Ramteke said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17486367", "title": "IOA suspension: How dirty politicking shamed India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sports became the unfortunate loser in this battle for power, the fight to control the country's top sports body, the Indian Olympic Association. The violation of the Olympic charter in the IOA elections may be perceived as the reason for IOC's extreme step, but the developments in the run-up to the December 5 IOA elections showed that it could not be the only reason.When the IOC's ethics commission wrote a letter suggesting that the IOA president Suresh Kalmadi , Commonwealth Games Organising Committee's secretary general Lalit Bhanot and former Badminton Association of India president VK Verma should be suspended from the Olympic movement, one thought good sense would prevail.Suddenly, Kalmadi pulled out of the IOA elections, making the national contest an open one for the first time in 16 years. This is when ugly politicking began' which finally ended in the suspension of the country from the Olympic movement on Tuesday.The elections became a pitched battle between Kalmadi and his long-time IOA associate, secretary general Randhir Singh, who now wanted the top-most post. Kalmadi, sources said, was not happy with the fact that he got the flak for the Commonwealth Games scam and even went to jail but Randhir walked away without any taint.Bhanot, known for his organisational and vote management skills, then walked into the picture, backed by Kalmadi and his old friends in IOA. Eyebrows were raised on Bhanot's candidature but no one in IOA's AGM had the guts to challenge it openly.Abhey Singh Chautala, eyeing the president's chair, joined hands with Bhanot to get Kalmadi's backing. Chautala dismissed Bhanot's candidature with a simple, \"No one is guilty till the court says so.\" The fight with Randhir began. When the dates for the elections were announced, there were just two presidential candidates -Chautala and Randhir.Randhir Singh, the IOC member in India and IOA's secretary general, took it as his best chance to become the president. Randhir, whose father Raja Bhalendra Singh was IOA's president for almost two decades, decided to do it his way as he thought he had the backing of some loyal federations and state associations.Randhir was confident of winning the elections on anti-Kalmadi sentiments. But when he realized that he was fast losing his ground, came the first objection from the IOC - just a day before the end of filing of nomination papers. The timing of the letter was surprising since IOA had announced the election dates way back on Oct 5.IOC's objection was followed by two ban threats and the subsequent suspension. Some quarters have expressed their surprise over the manner in which IOC went about putting the ban on India. \"From beginning to the end, Randhir Singh is responsible (for the ban). He was pulling strings in IOC as its member,\" Chautala said on Thursday. \"He should resign as IOC member in India. In Wednesday's IOA meeting, we will take the decision to withdraw him as IOC member,\" he said.The Chautala camp may have a point but it was equally hasty in backing the tainted Bhanot, a decision which may have irked IOC. \"Our administrators have least concern for the sportspersons. I don't see any reason why India should suffer such officials. 90 out of 100 administrators want to hang on to power,\" shooter Moraad Ali Khan told TOI.It is no secret that IOC was for the last two years pushing for scrapping of the Sports Code, which was introduced by the government,fixing age and tenure of the sports administrators. It found it to be unwanted government interference. It was also not happy with the election commission holding the IOA elections. IOC would not have objected had the Sports Code been incorporated in IOA's constitution. The IOA did not do it for obvious reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17484924", "title": "Three standard IX girls go missing", "text": "NAGPUR: Three girls studying in standard IX and residing at Zingabai Takli have been untraceable for over 24 hours now, leaving their families in shock. Having left for school in uniform on Monday, the girls neither went to school nor returned home later in the day, leaving the families fearing for their safety.The three girls were supposed to be at school, which is close to their houses, in the afternoon. But around the same time an acquaintance had spotted the three travelling in an autorickshaw. Disturbingly, the girls were not dressed in school clothes at that time.Sources said that the girls had expressed an intention to go and work in Pune when an acquaintance asked them about their destination. Gittikhadan police are quizzing a youngster who knew one of the girls. He had gone to Jaripatka, where one of the girls had summoned him to seek help.The youngster is learnt to have helped the girls to reach Om Nagar in an autorickshaw. The girls later took another autorickshaw, saying they were heading to Pune. None of the girls was carrying a mobile phone. One of them had Rs4,000 cash with her while the others did not have much cash on them.The school authorities told TOI that the girls were absent, but they were usually regular in school and did not ignore studies too. The school authorities have expressed wonder about what prompted the girls to take such bizarre steps. \"The school cannot take any action against the girls as there are rules of central government against any stringent measures,\" said a senior teaching staff.The matter came to fore when the families started searching for the girls when they had not returned from school well past their usual time of 5.30pm. The school ends by 5pm. The families initially called up their relatives and visited places the girls would normally frequent. They also contacted their other friends before approaching Gittikhadan police station.The cops have already sent messages to Mumbai and Pune police, apart from alerting the railway police. Senior inspector CM Bahadure of Gittikhadan police station said he has already sent a couple of teams to different destinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17484322", "title": "Man climbs tree, comes down after nine hours", "text": "PUNE: It took a posse of cops, three fire tenders, a power shut down, two cigarettes, the lure of alcohol and finally a rope to bring down a drunk man who had climbed a 40-ft tall tree in Wanowrie on Monday night. He was coaxed down after nine hours of persuasion.Thirty-five-year-old Chandrakant Kol, who works as a driver in Rajgurunagar, was held by the military police for trespassing into an Army area close to the Wanowrie Bazar police chowkey on Monday night. They handed him over to the police. In-charge of the Wanowrie Bazar police chowkey sub-inspector S N Hulwan said, \"Kol was probably drunk. He was told to sit outside the chowkey, but he went out and climbed a pole. Our men some how convinced him to get down, but Kol quickly climbed a jambul tree nearby.\"Meanwhile, the police requested the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) to cut off supply in the area because the tree that Kol climbed was very close to a high-tension wire. As a result, the areas of Wanowrie Bazar, Divyanagar and AFMC quarters had to spend a night without electricity. The power went off around 2.30 am and came back only at 11 am on Tuesday.A fire tender from the Pune Cantonment fire brigade and the Pune Municipal Corporation fire brigade rushed to spot. One more fire tendet arrived in the morning. \"Our policemen and the fire men tried to convince him, but all in vain. As a safety measure, the fire brigade had put a net around the tree,\" said Hulwan.Rajaram Kedari of Pune fire brigade, who played an important role in the rescue task, told TOI that he came close to Kol with the help of ladder. \"When I requested him to come down, he said first kill me, only then I will oblige,\" Kedari said.Kedari tried again. Kol told him that he had not smoked for the last five days. \"I offered him cigarettes. He smoked two. Our efforts to bring him down went on the whole night. We also tried to lure him with alcohol. In the morning, I gave him a rope and requested him to tie it around his waist. Once he did that, we safely brought him down,\" Kedari said.Kol, a driver by profession, had gone to his native place in Madhya Pradesh. He had returned to Pune on Monday by railway after which he went to Wanowrie. The police are probing.Meanwhile, the MSEDCL issued a statement saying that on a request by the police, they cut off the supply around 2.30 am on Tuesday. The supply was restored around 11 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17484929", "title": "Asaduddin Owaisi to begin anti-Cong tour from Nizamabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Come December 8 and the United Muslim Action Committee (UMAC) will change its tune of 2004 when it had sought Muslim votes for the Congress in districts. This time around, they will implore the electorate to do the opposite, the committee's leaders said on Tuesday.Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (MIM) chief Asaduddin Owaisi will travel to Nizamabad for the first public meeting outside Hyderabad since he broke ties with the ruling Congress party and plans to expand the base of the party beyond the walls of the Old City.Owaisi and UMAC are readying themselves for the statewide tour which will begin on Fort Road in Nizamabad on Saturday, followed by another meeting in Tandur on January 25.With Parliament in session, all efforts are being made to accommodate the packed schedule of Owaisi who will shuttle between Delhi and Andhra Pradesh regularly for the next couple of months. Party sources said the MIM leader, accompanied by key lieutenants, will do an extensive tour of Telangana districts such as Karimnagar, Adilabad, Medak and Khammam to woo Muslim voters.\"It is time to oust the N Kiran Kumar Reddy government. I will tell 80 lakh Muslims of the state, please wake up and do not vote for the Congress ever again. They have let you down,\" Owaisi told a packed audience in Darusalam on Sunday night.During his tour spread over several months, Owaisi will also travel to Rayalaseema areas such as Adoni and Kadapa and Vijayawada in Andhra. \"We will have a meeting this week to chalk out a proper plan. There will be heavy activity in January,\" said a senior party source.The UMAC, a body consisting of religious leaders cutting across sects and schools of thought, is led by Abdul Rahim Qureshi, who is also the secretary of the All India Muslim Personal Law Board. Other members include Safi Ahmed Madani, Raheem Ansari and Taqi Abedi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17488827", "title": "'Paani' to be shot in Singapore", "text": "If Sanjay Leela Bhansali can set Shakespeare's love tragedy Romeo &amp; Juliet in Gujarat why can't Shekhar Kapur situate the same timeless material in futuristic Mumbai? And shoot it in Singapore?That's exactly what Shekhar will do in Paani. The film is a tale of star-crossed lovers from incompatible social stratas where the girl would be an upper-class elite of Caucasian pedigree while the boy would be tanned bare-bodied desi ruffian with the manners of a street urchin and the lingo of a fish seller.Shekhar is currently in Singapore hunting for locations. Says our source, \" Paani is a cross-cultural rich-poor Romeo &amp; Juliet love story set in futuristic Mumbai when water will be the biggest asset and the most expensive commodity in the world. Wealth would be determined by how much of the city's water supply is controlled by the powers-that-be. In the film, Mumbai would be divided into the Upper City and Lower City. The rich girl would be from the Upper City and the poor boy who sneaks into the forbidden elitist area would be from the Lower City.\"Shekhar, one hears from reliable sources, has decided to cast a fresh Caucasian girl and an new Indian boy as the two main leads.Says our source, \"It is the only way Shekhar's love story will work. The boy and the girl have to be young innocent and reckless. Both Shekhar and Aditya Chopra are firm believers in the power of fresh actors. Adi in fact has been building a bank of new talent at Yashraj for the past three years. Shekhar too has worked with newcomers in the past to great advantage. So they are both on the same page on this issue.\"When questioned about the cast, Shekhar Kapur said, \"I can't talk about it. The Paani casting is under an NDA (non-disclosure agreement) right now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17484364", "title": "Architects say Pune Municipal Corporation cannot blacklist them", "text": "PUNE: City-based architects' associations on Tuesday challenged the Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) authority to act against them and demanded that the civic body should withdraw names of architects from its blacklist.In the last two years, the PMC has taken action against three architects for alleged professional misconduct. It has put them on a blacklist and does not sanction their building plans. The architects, united under the banners of the Indian Institute of Architects (IIA), Architects, Engineers and Surveyors Association (AESA) and Pune Architectural Consultants Association, were speaking at a joint press conference.\"The civic administration has no power to stop architects from practising in the municipal areas. Architects are registered under the Council of Architecture of India. If the civic administration has complaints about professional misconduct against any architect, it should approach the council,\" said IIA chairman Laxman Thite.Hemanth Sathye, chairman of the AESA's PMC interaction committee, said the civic body should withdraw the names of architects from the blacklist.Additional city engineer Vivek Kharwadkar defended the PMC's action against the architects. \"There are provisions in the development control rules and the BPMC Act to take action against architects who don't follow rules. The civic administration has acted as per the law\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17485509", "title": "Rs 3,000 crore for roads in rural UP: Jairam Ramesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: After a gap of four years, roads in rural areas of the state will get a facelift under the Pradhan Mantri Grameen Sadak Yojna (PMGSY). Centre has sanctioned more than Rs 3,000 crore for construction of new roads and maintenance of existing ones. The scheme, said rural development minister Jairam Ramesh , in Lucknow on Tuesday, has taken off with fresh vigour in UP in the last four months.Ramesh said Centre was committed to ensuring transparency in Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) funding, for which the Rural Development ministry had started CAG audits in MGNREGS in all the states. The report for each state would be brought out separately. A compiled report of all states would be out by January 31, 2013 and tabled in Parliament.To improve connectivity in rural areas in UP, Centre has sanctioned Rs 574 crore for laying 1,200 kms of 'pucca' roads in rural areas with more than 500 settlements in 21 districts of the state. Another Rs 2,600 crore has been sanctioned to upgrade 7,000 kms of rural roads. The rural development ministry over the next month might release Rs 200 crore to upgrade 5,000 kms of rural roads constructed eight or 10 years back. \"These are the stretches for which demands to upgrade have come up,\" said ramesh.The minister has also asked for certification of MGNREGS accounts done by independent chartered accountants. The states should identify a district, and select 10 gram panchayats where maximum funds under MGNREGA have been spent and get the accounts certified by independent CAs. This would keep check on instances like gram pradhans having their bank accounts inflated with MGNREGS funds.He said he would request chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to recommend CBI probe into misappropriation of MGNREGA funds in Balrampur, Gonda, Mahoba, Sonbhadra, Sant Kabir Nagar, Mirzapur and Kushinagar districts of UP. \"The MGNREGS anomalies in seven districts were pointed out by the state level monitors and not by me. I had written to former chief minister Mayawati also but she didn't take action,\" said the rural development minister, adding that officers involved in bungling should not be given political patronage and action should also be taken against elected representatives found involved in misappropriation of MGNREGS funds in the seven districts.In one of the major suggestions made to UP government on strengthening MGNREGS in the state, he said imbalance in distribution of funds should be avoided. Funds should be diverted from gram panchayats which have money but lesser work done under the scheme, to gram panchayats which have lot of work happening but face fund crunch. \"I asked the rural development department here to follow the Maharashtra model,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17485597", "title": "Activists seek access to Bandra playground", "text": "MUMBAI: Activists are at loggerheads with the trustees of St Anthony's Institute Sports Academy (SAISA), in Bandra over a plot.Activists and Pali Village residents are seeking access to the playground and claim that the trustees are \"still holding on to the plot\". \"We have all the papers required to prove that SAISA's lease for the plot got over 50 years ago and the school has been shut since 2006,\" said activist and Citispace member Daphne Warapen. \"According to their trust deed, the ground was supposed to be returned back to the collector once the school shuts down but the trustees of SAISA refuse to budge,\" she added.She is fighting this battle with the trustees of SAISA along with Pali Village residents Colman Pereira, Neil Pereira and Ryan D'Souza.According to Warapen, the land is \"government property\". \"Currently, although some children are being allowed to play on the ground, it still isn't accessible for the general public ,\" she said.According to activists, SAISA possesses a liquor permit to run a restaurant and bar on its premises.\"Who has ever heard of a bar inside an institute? There are gross violations in this matter and the trustees are not letting the government and the collector to do their job,\" added Warapen.SAISA trustee Anandini Thakoor could not be reached for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17485298", "title": "CBI and UT police make counter claims", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The contrasting claims made by Chandigarh police and CBI about the sensational murder of Amarjeet Singh, owner of Sham Mall, Sector 34, that took place three years back has put the kin of the deceased businessman in a fix.While CBI has submitted a report in the area court stating no headway was made into the investigation of murder, Chandigarh police have claimed to bust a gang of robbers, which reportedly was involved in the killing of Amarjeet.Gagandeep Duggal, son of deceased Amarjeet, said, \"We are entirely confused and do not know whom to believe. CBI officials claimed that they filed closed report after taking approval from their top officials in Delhi and Chandigarh police claimed two members of gang reportedly confessed to the crime.\" Gagandeep said he will meet senior police officials in this regard on Wednesday. The CBI filed a report in district courts, Sector 17, on November 27.Amarjeet was shot dead from a point blank range outside his house in Sector 35 by two motorcycle-borne youths in May 2009. The investigation was transferred to CBI in April 2010 after Chandigarh police failed to make any headway. Though victim's family had announced a reward of Rs 20 lakh for anyone who gives information about the assailants, no leads could be found and there was no breakthrough in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17485702", "title": "Cops, e-way firm submit toll plaza plan", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Gurgaon police and the concessionaire of the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway have agreed on reserving two lanes for emergency and VIP movements on both sides of the toll plaza in order to further decongest traffic.As per a 36-point plan submitted on Tuesday in Punjab and Haryana high court by the Gurgaon police, the concessionaire has also given consent to restore the highway illumination system and traffic signals.The HC had asked the Gurgaon police and the concessionaire to submit a detailed plan for checking the traffic snarls near the toll plaza on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway.The concessionaire and the police department had held a meeting and agreed upon the plan following HC orders. As per the report, it has also been decided that the minimum value for general tag cards be reduced to Rs 200 and validity of the card be enhanced for longer duration. It has also been decided that the red line marking on the road would be made more prominent for accumulated vehicles beyond which toll gates are to be opened as per court directions.On both sides of the red line marking a pole with two CCTV cameras would be erected to monitor and record toll gate opening with recording facility so that accurate and smooth operation is ensured along with the transparency.A monthly coordination meeting will be held in the first week of every month to monitor the progress of work or take care of any other coordination. Placing the report on record, the division bench of the HC headed by Justice S K Mittal fixed the case for January 17 for hearing and directed all the parties to inform the court as how many of these steps have been implemented by them to control the traffic problem. On November 16, apparently dissatisfied over the existing measures to check the traffic snarls near toll plaza of the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway near Gurgaon, Punjab and Haryana high court had directed the authorities to sit together to work out some strategy for the permanent solution of the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17484116", "title": "NGOs close ranks to fight for disabled", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Fourteen NGOs, working for welfare of the differently-abled in Ganjam district, have united to mount pressure on authorities to better the lives of the disabled. They formed a committee on Monday for the purpose, said convener of the committee A Ananda Rao, also a differently-abled. Their main demands are increase in monthly disable pension from Rs 300 to Rs 1,000 and filling up of all vacant posts pertaining to the differently-abled in government sector.Rao said the pension provided by Odisha to differently-abled persons is much lesser compared to other states. \"Considering all aspects, we have demanded to increase the amount to Rs 1,000. While the pension in Goa is Rs 1,500, it is Rs 1,000 in Delhi, Rs 900 in Uttar Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Karnataka and Rs 700 in West Bengal , Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand ,'' Rao said. \"Prices of almost all items has gone through the roof. The government should take into consideration all aspects to hike pension of differently-abled,\" said Suresh Sahu, an activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17483785", "title": "Cops on Red alert ahead of Ranchi ODI", "text": "RANCHI: In the wake of frequent Maoist attacks and recovery of arms and ammunition, police are taking every precaution to make the first ever one-day international match in Ranchi a safe affair. The Jharkhand police are on high alert following a missive from the Union home ministry.The police will run a massive sanitization operation to ensure safety of players. In the past two years, they have recovered several weapons, cane bombs, detonators and grenade launchers from different areas in the city.Sources in the police headquarters said the operation is likely to begin from December 15, a month before the ODI. The sanitization operation will primarily target members of the People's Liberation Front of India (PLFI) and CPI(Maoists).Jharkhand police spokesperson S N Pradhan, who is also the inspector general of the state's special branch, said, \"The sanitization operation will target all rebel groups who are active in the rural parts of the state capital.\"The special branch of Jharkhand police will hold a meeting with the city police soon to plan the sanitization operation. The meeting will focus on the security mechanism, including crowd management, said Pradhan.Ranchi SSP Saket Kumar Singh sounded confident about the forces' readiness. \"Recovery and arrests of top rebels in Ranchi have actually weakened the Naxalite movements in this part of the region.\"In June, police had seized a massive consignment of explosives, including over 1,000kg ammonium nitrate and thousands of gelatin sticks. The Dhurwa police had recovered 70 detonators and 500 gm explosive substances in March 2011.The Jharkhand police are on high alert ahead of the match following several such incidents of arms recovery. The ODI is likely to attract thousands of cricket fans and several VIPs from across the country. This is the first time that Team India skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni will play in his hometown. Bollywood superstar Shahrukh Khan is also expected to attend the January 19 match.In 2011, the city's Kotwali police had recovered five detonators and 40 gelatin sticks. The sadar police, last year, had seized a huge grenade launcher from PLFI rebels. Huge cache of explosives and ammunition were frequently seized from rebels in Bundu, Tamar, Mandar, Silli and Lapung.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17485313", "title": "Expensive, uninterrupted power for industry consumers mooted", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: With industries crying for uninterrupted power, the commissionerate of industries has now mooted the expensive power purchase scheme (EPPS) for those industrial consumers keen on a round-the-clock (RTC) power supply.The commissioner of industries has initiated moves to ascertain the willingness of HT/LT (high tension/ low tension) consumers from the MSME (micro small and medium enterprise) sector that are fed through either dedicated feeders or express feeders to opt for EPPC.According to sources, AP Transco is planning to generate 400 MW of additional power through RLNG (re-gasified liquefied natural gas) on behalf of interested consumers on an RTC basis and this would be supplied to willing consumers on a cost-sharing basis to mitigate power shortage problems.The interested HT/LT consumers may opt for expensive power fed through dedicated and express feeders. However due to technical and operational constraints, EPPC will not be enabled for consumers on mixed feeders. The power will be distributed proportionately among the willing consumers.The proposed scheme will be operationalised for consumers upon their willingness until March 31, 2013. Under EPPC, the permitted demand during peak time (6 pm to 10 pm) has been increased from 10 per cent to 50 per cent with additional EPPS charges. If the consumer fails to utilise the expensive energy purchased during the month, the remaining energy will have to be forfeited.While the billing of EPPC will be done on a monthly basis, the monthly bill issued by distribution licensees is split into two components -- demand and energy charges.Vijay Raghav Naik of district industries centre, Vizag, said eight firms have already expressed their willingness to purchase power under EPPC. If sufficient firms gave their consent to EPPC, then their request would be forwarded to the commissionerate of industries, he added.A K Balaji, vice-president, Visakha Autonagar Small Scale Industrialists Welfare Association Industries, said \"It is a good option. It would certainly help improve production.\" While expressing concerns over the fact that expenses were set to increase, he said \"it was better than nothing.\"Balaji hoped that power purchased under EPPS would not invite restrictions that were imposed on the industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17485982", "title": "Lahartara Talab in pathetic condition", "text": "VARANASI: The Lahartara Talab (pond), which is associated with the birth of poet and saint Kabir is in pathetic condition.Once a big pond of fresh water, where as legend says infant Kabir was found floating on a lotus leaf, is today a swamp of wastewater and filth, showing the indifference of government machinery as well as local citizens towards the heritage site. In the past, the talab was spread in an area of over 17 acres but today it is losing its grandeur. A portion of about 3.5 acres of talab is protected by the directorate of archaeology, Uttar Pradesh, while another piece of about 8 acres is under the possession of Sadguru Kabir Prakatya Dham. The remaining portion of the water body is being converted into the mess of concrete structures.Only good thing is that the portion of the pond owned by Sadguru Kabir Prakatya Dham is being managed in better ways with the construction of a grand memorial and a pucca pond within the pond. \"The construction of the memorial is still on,\" said chief of panth Hazoor Ardhnam Saheb. It is unfortunate to see the shrinking of the historic pond. The organisation purchased the portion of the pond for the development of the memorial of Sant Kabir.The portion of the pond protected by the directorate of archaeology is neglected. The houses situated along the pond discharge the wastewater into it and the place has also become a centre of open defecation. Though a fund of Rs 10 lakh was spent on its beautification in 2003, no sign of improvement is noticed. The boundary wall is broken at many places. The entry point has also been closed permanently. The locals use the place for dumping household waste without understanding the importance of water body. One can see cow dung cakes drying around the plaque fixed at the time of the beginning of beautification work.This portion of the pond was enlisted with the directorate of archaeology in 1967. The directorate carries out annual maintenance work at the monuments protected under the State Act. As and when required, major conservation works are also undertaken particularly in respect of monuments, which are in advanced stage of decay.The regional unit of the directorate of archaeology finds it difficult to maintain and protect the Lahartara talab. \"Efforts are being made to hand over the pond to the tourism department so that its tourism potential could exploited,\" regional archaeological officer Subhash Chandra Yadav said. He admitted that the place is being abused by the locals and it is not possible for the department to put a check on it. \"On our recommendation, the tourism department has forwarded a proposal for the development and beautification of the pond,\" said Yadav, adding that it has also been proposed to construct drain on pillars to intercept wastewater from the houses.Lahartara Talab is situated near the GT Road on Allahabad route. It is about 2.5km from the Varanasi Cantonment railway station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17484304", "title": "'Mirza Himayat Inayat Baig did recce of Bakery on January 31, 2010'", "text": "PUNE: Assistant commissioner of police (crime) Vinod Satav on Tuesday revealed that Mirza Himayat Inayat Baig, the lone conspirator arrested in connection with the German Bakery blast, had carried out a recce of the eatery on January 31, 2010, after finalizing plans to plant a bomb with Indian Mujahideen (IM) key operatives Ahmed Siddibappa alias Yasin Bhatkal and Mohsin Chowdhary.Satav, ACP with the state anti-terrorism squad in Pune when he investigated the blast case, was deposing before additional sessions judge N P Dhote on Tuesday. The blast had killed 17 people and injured 64 on February 13, 2010.On being examined by public prosecutor Raja Thakare, Satav told the court that Bhatkal and Chowdhary had held a meeting at Udgir in Beed district in the third week of January, 2010, and had decided to plant the bomb then.Satav said that before the two IM operatives came to see him, Baig had sent his roommate Rehan Sheikh to Hyderabad.According to Satav, Bhatkal and Chowdhary reached Udgir with explosives on February 6. Baig had facilitated their stay and provided them with place at his Global internet cafe to assemble the bomb. On February 7, Baig left for Mumbai and purchased a cell phone and haversack at the behest of Bhatkal. Bhatkal, sporting a cap, had planted the bomb, and was captured entering and leaving the bakery with a haversack on CCTV footage belonging to both the bakery and \"O\" hotel.Satav told the court that the ATS had seized two bags from Baig containing 59 documents including his passport, election commission identity card, ration card, domicile certificate, driving licence and a handicapped person's certificate, which were found to be forged.He said that members of the Lashkar-e-Taiba and IM, including Baig, concealed their identity, changed their names and created false records of places visited by them, as per the Al-Qaida manual, in order to mislead investigations into the blast case.He said that Baig had established contacts with absconding suspects Zaibuddin Ansari and Fayyaz Kagzi, but had fled Beed after the Aurangabad arms haul case was busted by the ATS in 2006. Baig reached Pune and established contacts with Bhatkal and Chowdhary in 2008.\"The passport entry of Baig reveals that he had visited Colombo in Sri Lanka between March 7 and 24, 2008, where he had met Ansari and Kagzi and was given training to assemble explosives. He was provided with 8,000 Euros. After reaching Udgir, Baig opened an account in Rehan's name and deposited Rs 73,000 and Rs 18,500 respectively. He had also deposited Rs 30,000 in the bank to fund the blast. He had withdrawn the money from various ATS machines at Udgir and Parbhani,\" Satav said.Satav will be cross-examined by lawyers A Rehman and Kainat Shaikh on December 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17484967", "title": "Bailout package divides power bosses, engineers", "text": "PATIALA: With senior authorities of the Punjab State Power Corporation Limited (PSPCL) submitting their proposal to government for acceptance of special bailout package from Union power ministry, a confrontation seems imminent as power engineers are opposing the package.On Tuesday, chairman-cum-managing director (CMD) of PSPCL K D Chaudhary along with director finance Subhash Arora attended the meeting of Punjab government at Chandigarh to discuss the bailout package. From government side, chief sectary presided over the meeting while sectary power and sectary expenditure also attended the meeting.\"We are in the favour accepting package as we will get back Rs 1,250 crore,\" Chaudhary said. But engineers believe that the conditional financial bailout package for debt restructuring of power utilities is not in the interest of PSPCL.\"The bailout package as contained in the scheme comes with many riders. The riders are the participation of private sector in power distribution, enactment of model draft legislation by the states, which would include franchising or privatization of distribution,\" said Bhupinder Singh , vice-president of PSEB Engineers' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17485701", "title": "Smart cards available at toll gates: Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd", "text": "GURGAON: During Tuesday's hearing in Punjab and Haryana high court, the private concessionaire, Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL), said that it has already started distributing \"touch-and-go\" smart cards to commuters. The court was satisfied with the outcome of the meeting held last month by the stakeholders to solve the traffic jam problem on the e-way.DGSCL claimed that commuters have already been issued smart cards at the three toll plazas of the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway. The three toll plazas are located at the Delhi-Gurgaon border, Kherki Dhaula and IGI Airport in Delhi. A spokesperson said that the marketing department had planned to publicize it in the coming days. The concessionaire has introduced two types of cards - Flexi Smart and Smart Express. Flexi Smart does not offer any discount on toll charges and is valid for life (till 2023). This card is available at a minimum value of Rs 200. The same goes for tags.Smart Express offers a discount of 50% on 40 trips and is valid for one month. In other words, commuters will have to pay just Rs 10.50 per trip instead of the actual amount of Rs 21, but at the same time the discount will be valid on 40 trips in one month. No identity proofs are required to buy these cards.The spokesperson added that the company is planning to make the cards available at petrol pumps near the toll plaza for the commuter's convenience. The company is also considering finding a cheaper version of tags to make them available to commuters free of charge. The imported tags are quite costly. As far as installation of CCTV cameras at the \"red line\" drawn after 400 metres on both sides of the 32-lane toll plaza is concerned, the spokesperson said that this would be done within a week's time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17486453", "title": "Green body asks BMC for report on temp stage", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Coastal Zone Management Authority (MCZMA) on Tuesday directed civic commissioner Sitaram Kunte to submit a \"comprehensive report\" on the makeshift memorial to Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray at Shivaji Park. Hearing a complaint filed by activist S Daundkar, MCZMA member secretary asked the BMC commissioner to \"confirm whether the said location is in (the) Coastal Regulation Zone (CRZ) as per the Development Plan and approved Coastal Zone Management Plan of (the) Mumbai municipal corporation\". The MCZMA has further sought to know \"whether the activity (about which the complaint is lodged) is permissible in open spaces as per the Development Control Regulations\".The edifice where Thackeray's funeral pyre was lit on November 18, 2012 has been converted into a makeshift memorial by his followers.The complaint filed before the MCZMA last week has alleged that the state and BMC have turned a blind eye to what it claims is \"an illegal act in permitting a structure to be erected in Shivaji Park\" . Former bureaucrat and lawyer Abha Singh, who is representing Daundkar, said the structure was in violation of CRZ rules. \"If the state wants to allow a memorial , let it change the laws of the country,\" said Singh.According to a CRZ notification of 2011, open spaces, parks, gardens and playgrounds in CRZ-II areas have been categorized as CRZ-III , which means they are \"no-development zones\" . \"The notification has been violated as Shivaji Park is now a CRZ-III area,\" said Singh. The complaint urges the MCZMA to invoke the Environmental Protection Act and order the authorities to remove the \"unauthorized structure\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17485398", "title": "Lucknow's municipal corporation likely to sign MOU with Swedish agency", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lucknow's municipal corporation is likely to sign a MoU with the Sweden's International Centre for Local Democracy (ICLD) soon, a non-profit independent organization which promotes municipality partnership programmes among low and middle-income countries, with an aim to exchange knowledge and technical expertise with various Swedish local administration bodies.Many local municipal corporations of Sweden like Kumla, Malmo, Harryda, Varmland County Council and Lomma have already shown their interest in sharing their knowledge base with LMC. Meanwhile, LMC is going through the norms and policies of the memorandum and would soon sign it with Sweden.Under this partnership, the co-operating partners will help each other in addressing issues like education system, water scarcity, sewerage, waste management, water conservation, street lightening, pollution control, crisis management, tourism, infrastructure development, cleaning of rivers, strengthening local democracy and working on PPP model. Sweden's local bodies have laid emphasis on sharing education and information with the primary schools as well as the degree colleges which fall under LMC.ICLD primarily functions in three areas -- creating a centre of knowledge for gathering information and expertise from participating countries, organizing partnership programmes to foster development cooperation between different municipalities and offering training programmes to its members. At present it is catering to about 20 countries worldwide. This programme is based on the UN Millennium Development Goals and Policy for Global Development approved by the Swedish Government. Incidentally, Sweden is one of the most efficient and effectively administered country at the municipal level.The memorandum says that all Sweden's municipalities, local authorities and local government bodies can apply for funding for municipal partnership projects together with a cooperation partner. Even in cases where responsibility for and delivery of social services in a partner country is organized differently than in Sweden, a municipal partnership between a Swedish local body and its counterpart in partner country can prove worthwhile.Interestingly, ICLD had held a workshop in Kerala a week back which was participated by local bodies of different Indian states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17485934", "title": "Couple undergoing life term acquitted", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has acquitted a young couple, which was sentenced to life, as none of the circumstantial evidences, advanced by the prosecution, pointed to the guilt of the accused.Twenty-five year old S Vasanthi and 27-year-old B Venkatesan of Trichy were awarded life imprisonment by the principal sessions judge of Trichy in connection with the murder of Vasanthi's friend, Nithya.The prosecution's case was that Vasanthi and Venkatesan were in love which was not accepted by the former's parents. So they got married without the knowledge of their parents.The deceased Nithya, who was also the classmate of Vasanthi, is claimed to have become pregnant at the time of the couple's marriage. Since Nithya knew of Vasanthi's affair, she came to her friend's house and sought Venkatesan's help in aborting the foetus.The prosecution alleged that Nithya threatened Vasanthi that if she refused to help her, she will reveal about their marriage to her parents. Sensing trouble, the couple hatched a plan to eliminate Nithya and gave her milk, mixed with sleeping pills. After Nithya became unconscious, Vasanthi and Venkatesan closed her mouth and nose, following which she subsequently died. Her body was then dragged into the bathroom and set on fire by using kerosene.The principal sessions court in Trichy awarded them life sentence on July 6 this year. \"Aggrieved by the trial court's order, the couple, which was lodged at prisons in Trichy, moved the Madurai bench,\" said one of their counsels K Vinayagan. The appeal was heard by the division bench comprising Justices M Jayachandran and S Nagamuthu.Senior advocate G R Edmund, who appeared for the two, argued that the lower court found guilty of the appellants, purely on the circumstantial evidences, which were not corroborated by substantial evidence.The bench after hearing both the sides, acquitted the couple on various grounds including not proving the circumstantial evidences and benefit of doubt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17485280", "title": "Robbery derails plans", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Rs 6 lakh that was robbed at gunpoint from the businessman father-son duo was given to the father, Vijay Bansal by his son-in-law for shopping for the marriage of his relative in Jind hours before the robbery on Monday night.In his statement to the police, Nikhil Bansal, son of the complainant Vijay Bansal, said, \"A bag containing Rs 6 lakh was handed over to my father in our shop in Grain Market in Sector 26 on Monday by my brother-in-law, who lives in Jind, for shopping. I was not in the shop when the money was handed over to him.\"Police sources said Nikhil's statement was recorded for ascertaining the source of the robbed money. Nikhil and his father Vijay were stopped outside their house by two unidentified youths, one of who pointed a revolver at Nikhil, while the other snatched the bag containing the money from Vijay.Vijay's cell phone, which too was in the bag containing the cash, has been coming switched off since the robbery. The mobile number has been put under surveillance. The father and son were also shown pictures of hardened criminals for identification of the robbers but in vain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17486207", "title": "Put up with drizzle for next two days", "text": "BANGALORE: Be prepared to bear the cloudy, rainy weather for two more days. Intermittent rain is expected to continue for the next two days, says the weatherman. On Tuesday, the light showers flooded some roads in Bangalore.According to meteorology department director in charge B Puttanna, no heavy rainfall is expected in Karnataka, though heavy downpour will be seen in neighbouring Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.\"Only isolated rain may occur in Karnataka. On Tuesday, 2 mm of rainfall was reported in Yelahanka , and 0.6 mm of rain in rest of Bangalore. With the upper air cyclonic circulation extending up to 3.1 km above the sea level, over south west bay of Bengal, adjoining coastal areas of Srilanka, Tamil Nadu and South Coastal Andhra Pradesh,\" he said.On Tuesday, Davanagere recorded the lowest minimum temperature of 14.5 degrees Celsius. Light to moderate rain would occur at many places over all the districts of south interior Karnataka and at a few places in all districts of coastal Karnataka and north interior Karnataka, said meteorology department officials.Incidentally, there was a rise of 3 degrees in temperature on Tuesday. Met officials attributed this to the cloudy weather.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17484323", "title": "Wardha irrigation capacity to be reduced by 44%", "text": "NAGPUR: Politicians have always tried to blame poor irrigation facilities in Vidarbha as one of the prime reasons for farmers' suicides. But defying the logic, Kisan Swaraj Andolan (KSA) has alleged that diversion of water meant for agriculture to industries is depleting irrigation potential.KSA leader Vivekanand Mathne has warned that irrigation capacity in Wardha district is set to be reduced by 44% following diversion of water to various power plants, and iron and steel units in the district.\"Political representatives are quiet on the issue as they have stakes in these units,\" alleged Mathne.Under the garb of developing irrigation facilities in the region citing farmers suicides, these leaders want to divert water for power plants and units.Mathne said in Wardha district, 4.74 lakh hectare land is under cultivation. As per the irrigation status report, in the last 40-50 years the district has been able to develop irrigation facility for only 1.05 lakh hectares which comes to 22.22% of the total potential.However, Mathne says there is a huge disparity between irrigation capacity that has been developed and actual area under it. Of the 30,000 hectare agriculture land ideal for cultivation, only 6% is under irrigation.\"Various units in the district are being diverted 188.41 million cubic metre (MCM) water meant for irrigation. This will reduce irrigation potential of 46,000 hectare land by 44%. This means existing irrigation capacity of 22.22% in Wardha will further come down to 12.86%,\" Mathne claimed.From Lower Venna project, 78.12 MCM irrigation water is being diverted to various industries. From Lower Wardha 138.33 MCM and from Upper Wardha 66.44 MCM. All this considered will bring down irrigation potential in Wardha, Hinganghat, Arvi, Samudrapur, Deoli, Selu, Arvi and Ashti talukas in the district.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had announced a package of Rs2,177 crore for Vidarbha considering poor irrigation infrastructure as the reason for farmers' suicides. \"Had this money been utilized to improve irrigation facilities, around 30-35% capacity would have been developed,\" said Mathne.The KSA leader demanded to scrap all water agreements with industries and appealed to the farmers in Wardha to come forward to fight for justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17483844", "title": "Villagers harassed on pretext of security", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand has recently come under pressure from several human rights activists following rising instances of police atrocities where innocent villagers are made to suffer in the name of national security.Number of villagers, who are facing false sedition charges, has increased in the last few years. However, in most of the cases, they are acquitted in absence of evidence.Last week, five villagers - Madhav Mahto, Chand, Ringa, Sitaram Munda and Etwa Munda - were acquitted by a lower court here as the police failed to provide enough evidence to prove the villagers were Maoists. The men were arrested during a 2009 raid after a Jharkhand Jaguar jawan was injured during a gunbattle between the police and the rebels in Tamar.There have been several such acquittals in the past few years where police failed to produce evidence against the accused. Human rights activists claim that the police do not work properly and only on the basis of suspicion, they harass villagers.Gladson Dundung, general secretary of the Jharkhand Human Rights Movement, said, \"In order to obtain media attention and cheap publicity, police always indulge in such activities for which villagers suffer.\"A Jharkhand Human Rights Movement report said on June 17, 2010, Jitendra Singh Munda, a student, was arrested in the city with posters of anti-Green Hunt Nagrik Manch. The then Ranchi SSP, Praveen Kumar Singh, had claimed that the boy was a member of the CPI(Maoist). But even after five months, the police could not provide evidence.During the same time, Khunti police had arrested three tribal girls suspecting them to be Maoist activists. They were later acquitted in January 2011.Sunil Minz, a human rights activist, resentment among young people at such police atrocities will lead to more youth joining rebel forces.Ranchi SSP Saket Kumar Singh could not be contacted for his comments. Ranchi range DIG Seethal Oraon, however, said, \"Police always play safe and avoid arresting innocent people.\" About the acquittals, he said there were occasions when the witnesses turn hostile and the case is lost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17484939", "title": "Hyderabad cops brace for \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcBlack Day\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police have made elaborate bandobust for the Babri Masjid demolition anniversary. Apart from the 10,000-strong city police force, 30 platoons of APSP, Armed Reserve and 10 companies of RAF will be part of the two-day security arrangement.This year's masjid anniversary poses a major challenge to police in the wake of MIM severing ties with the ruling Congress. Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma on Tuesday convened a meeting with peace committee members and urged them to assist police in maintaining law and order in the city.Some groups observe December 6 as 'Black Day' to protest the demolition of the mosque, while some other groups celebrate it as 'Vijay Diwas'. As December 6 falls on a Thursday this year, city police chief Anurag Sharma directed his officers to remain alert for two consecutive days, December 6 and 7.Police anticipate law and order problems on the following day too after afternoon prayers. \"We fear some violence in the form of stone pelting at certain communally sensitive places during these two days,\" an official said.All station house officers in the city have been asked to remain alert and night patrolling parties have been specifically instructed to keep a close watch on all places of worship. Police have been told not to allow anyone to tie flags along streets and forcibly close commercial establishments. Special teams have been formed to erase any provocative graffiti.Police claim their main challenge would be to prevent protesters from marching towards a place of worship abutting Charminar.Earlier, police commissioner Anurag Sharma convened a meeting with peace committee members from across the city and requested them to be present at communally-sensitive areas and places of worship during the 48-hour period to prevent any untoward incident. The commissioner said video surveillance would be stepped up to identify miscreants who resort to violence.In a related development, West Zone police conducted surprise checks at popular shopping malls in Punjagutta, Begumpet and Banjara Hills on Tuesday and identified several security loopholes.The searches were conducted at Hyderabad Central, City Centre, Big Bazaar, Life Style and Cine Max. \"Decoy teams were able to enter these commercial establishments with fire arms without any hindrance and notices have been served on managers to step up security within a week,\" deputy commissioner of police (DCP), West Zone, G Sudheer Babu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17484999", "title": "Hindus may plan migration if builder not punished: Pakistan Hindu Council", "text": "AMRITSAR: Pakistan Hindu Council has expressed fears that many Hindus might plan migration from Pakistan if the government didn't take steps to assure religious freedom of the community there.Reacting strongly to the recent demolition of a temple in Karachi, patron of Pakistan Hindu Council Ramesh Vankwani told TOI over the phone that, \"If the government didn't take strict action against the builder, there was possibility of migration of Hindus from Pakistan,\" adding that the fate of other buildings owned by Hindus was also uncertain.He said three plots numbering 38,39 and 40 in Doli Khata area of Karachi belonged to Hindu community before Indo-Pak partition. The temple was built on plot number 38, while one of the Hindu community member Naresh Kumar had sold the plot number 39 to a builder Ismile Gora in 2005. \"The builder had no right to demolish the temple which is on plot number 38 and is shown on map also,\" said Vankwani.\"The fear of security among Hindu community can trigger migration to India,\" he reiterated.On the other hand, vice chairperson of Pakistan's Human Rights Commission's Sindh chapter Amarnath Motumal discounted the possibility of migration of Hindus from Pakistan, after recent incident of demolition of temple. He said the builder had made some \"manipulations\" and demolished the temple which was unfortunate.He said he was sure that the Pakistan government would take notice of the incident and deliver justice to the ailing Hindu community.Meanwhile, another Hindu organization Pakistan Hindu Seva Trust has decided to hold a function \"My Voice Counts\" on December 9 to take up the issue to mark the International Human Rights Day. President of the trust , Sanjash S Dhanja said, the community was perturbed over such incidents which keep happening quite often.\"I think there is a need to sensitize the people on the issue\". He said they had invited prominent right activists in the function to deliver their view point and try help build favourable atmosphere for Hindus of Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17484002", "title": "House adjourned after tributes to deceased leaders", "text": "BHOPAL: The MP Assembly was adjourned on Tuesday, the first day of the winter session, after paying homage to several leaders and eminent persons who expired during the session break. Tributes were paid to former Prime Minister I K Gujral, former chief minister of Maharashtra and Union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh , former Union minister K C Pant, former RSS chief K Sudarshan, Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray , 'father of the white revolution' or operation flood Verghese Kurien , Bollywood superstar turned former MP Rajesh Khanna and eight others.Soon as the House started, Speaker Ishwardas Rohani announced the names of the deceased leaders and asked all members to observe two minutes silence to pay homage. Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan told the House that former Prime Minister Gujral was a patriot and took an active role in India's freedom movement. He was a simple person yet was an able administrator and brilliantly executed his responsibilities as a minister and a prime minister. His knowledge in foreign policy matters was extra-ordinary.Congress leader of opposition Ajay Singh said that I K Gujral was part of former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi's kitchen cabinet. The doctrines laid down by him in matters of external affairs are still referred to by the Ministry.Chouhan and Ajay Singh also spoke about the other leaders. The House was adjourned till Wednesday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17485663", "title": "2 youths held for breaking into office building", "text": "GURGAON: The DLF-II police have arrested two Delhi-based youths for allegedly breaking into an office building in DLF Phase-II for alleged attempt to rob. The police produced the suspects in a city court on Tuesday and sent in judicial custody. Police said the suspects may be drug addicts.According to police, the incident took place on Monday around 1.30pm, when the youths, identified as Rakesh and Sunny alias Praveen, residents of Mandi in Delhi, broke the glass door and forcibly entered the office located in J-10/26A in J block of DLF Phase-II. In his complaint lodged with police, owner of the office, Chanderpal, a resident of Sector 45, said the suspects threatened to kill the security guard when he tried to stop them from entering the office after breaking the glass door. Finally, the guard restrained them and called police. Police have lodged an FIR against the suspects under Sections 454, 511 and 506 of the IPC. \"We produced them in a city court and sent in 14 days' judicial custody,\" said ASI Suresh Kumar , who is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17484846", "title": "Railways launches probe, victims to get Rs25,000 each", "text": "MUMBAI: The transformer blast in a Harbour local train, which caused serious burns to four commuters and injured seven others, has raised safety concerns about the city's lifeline.The Central Railway has ordered a depa-r-tmental inquiry to dig out details of the bl-ast and to prevent a repeat of such an incident. CR has announced an ex-gratia compensation of Rs 25,000 to those who sustained serious burns and Rs 5,000 to those who suffered minor injuries.The incident took place as soon as the train pulled into Dockyard Road station around 11.19am. CR's chief public relations officer V A Malegaonkar said, \"It happened after a transformer located in the second coach malfunctio-n-ed. This led to le-akage of the transformer oil, which is suspected to have caused burns to some passengers.\"Sandip Patil (21), who suffered 32% burns on his back, both arms and feet, said, \"First there was smoke and then suddenly the fire hit us from both sides. Those nearest the door were terribly injured as they got hit by the full blast.\"A senior official said, \"The hot oil spilled and flame ignited below the compartment. Those who were standing on the footboard on the side of the track sustained serious injuries compared to those who were on the side of the platform.\"Khuddus Hussain (26), another victim, said, \"I was standing near the door when I first saw some liquid leak below the compartment on the tracks. Soon, some oil leaked and then suddenly we saw flames leap at us.\"The railway inquiry will be completed within 10 days. The officer conducting the probe will record statements of the motorman, the guard, the maintenance supervisor and the station master. He will also inspect the data log of the rake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "sompeta (srikakulam)", "code": "17485027", "title": "Sompeta anti-thermal plant agitation enters 3rd year", "text": "SOMPETA (SRIKAKULAM): With the agitation against Nagarjuna Construction Company's proposed 2640 mw coal-based power plant in the Beela area hitting the three-year mark on Tuesday, the Paryavarana Parikakshana Samithi (PPS), which is spearheading the protest, is planning to conduct a meeting on December 8 to mark the important milestone. \"We will fight till the government cancels permission to the plant. In the name of the development, the government has been trying to impose its order on the people. We don't need any development that paralyses the lives of the people,\" PPS president Dr Y Krishna Murthy said.People of Sompeta, Baruva and other neighboring mandals in the district have been fighting against the thermal power plant since 2009. The agitation started with relay hunger strikes by fishermen from December 5, 2009 and also saw two agitators being killed in police firing, with another agitator succumbing to lathi injuries a couple of months after the firing incident. The inquiry over the firing incident, which took place at the proposed plant site on June 14, 2010, was completed by the inquiry officer and Joint Collector P Bhaskar recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17484166", "title": "Airport turns heat on dog menace", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: In a bid to contain the animal menace around Biju Patnaik airport, authorities are planning to sterilize canines roaming within 3 km radius of the airport, apart from catching them from near the operational area of the airport.The decision was taken at a review meeting here on Tuesday in the office of airport director with officials of Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) and Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology (OUAT).\"While the OUAT veterinary officials have agreed to implement animal birth control to stop further breeding of dogs, the BMC will press a dog catching squad to catch stray dogs, who sneak into the flight path posing danger to flights,\" said Sharad Kumar, director, Biju Patnaik airport. He said the BMC has given OUAT Rs 3 lakh to carry out the measures.Stray dogs were found roaming near the airport in Palashpalli, Pokhriput, Bhimpur, Goutam Nagar, Gandamunda areas. \"We are going step by step to ensure fool proof peripheral security before the airport starts international operation. The BMC and OUAT will work together towards this,\" said H J Parmar, assistant general manager, airport traffic.Sources said about 400 dogs have been found wandering around the airport. A wild cat was recently caught in a cage put up by Nandankanan zoo officials near the runway in the airport. Airport authorities had earlier complained jackals were moving about in the operation area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17486802", "title": "Siddha medical courses face derecognition", "text": "CHENNAI: The degrees of thousands of students of Indian medicine in the state medical university could soon be derecognized by the Central Institute of Indian Medicine, the regulatory authority for education in traditional medicine.On Tuesday, CIIM officials said they would write to the Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University asking it to withdraw the revisions it had brought into the syllabus for siddha, ayurveda and unani courses this academic year.\"The university has tampered with the syllabus and removed the allopathic contents. We have written to the university asking it to reverse this within two weeks or face derecognition of Indian medicine courses,\" said CIIM vice-president Dr Stanley Jones.On Tuesday, Indian Siddha Medical Graduates Association president Dr Selvin Innocent Dhas complained to the CCIM president saying that the university had deleted subjects such as systemic pharmacology from post-graduate courses. The council convened an emergency meeting to decide on the course of action. \"Earlier, the CCIM had received complaints that the syllabus was revised despite protests from members of the university's standing academic board and the board of studies. We have letters from officials of the academic board. Students who study the new syllabus would not have completed the course as they don't know many things we have recommended for them. We will derecognise the course if it doesn't complete the reversal,\" said Jones.State medical university vice-chancellor Dr Mayil Vahanan Natarajan said the university had decided to bring in the changes only after discussing the issue in detail. \"If colleges have a problem we don't mind de-affiliating them. It is unfair to tell the university not to revise the syllabus. That is a part of the university's job,\" he said. The issue isn't new. Last year, the university withdrew similar changes to the syllabus after the CCIM warned it of derecognition.Senior siddha practitioners said they were planning to go on strike and petition the government about the revision. \"The CCIM had said we should learn a bit of modern medicine because we use some allopathic drugs for our own treatment. For instance, when we are do minor surgeries, we may require anesthesia drugs. These aren't available in traditional medicine. When the regulator authority thinks it is good for us to learn, how can the university change it,\" asked Dr Dhas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17488916", "title": "After Big B, Salman its Karan Kundra on the list", "text": "Of late, it was an exclusive gossip on TOI.com about Karan Kundra and Madhura Naik's relationship break-off. Karan Kundra-The Kitani Mohabbat Hai boy also claimed fame through a cult show Gumraah on Channel V, where Karan with his unique style of hosting managed to gained larger eye balls. The show produced by Vikas Gupta's The Lost Boy Production too got famous and become the talk of the town in small period of time.Talking on Kundra's hosting skill and reach to the audiences a source informs, \"Recently a survey was done by Star, where 9000 people were asked many questions about GEC's and was also asked who comes first in mind as a host of a non-fiction show. According to their results, Big B bagged the first place as host of Kaun Banega Crorepati , Salman Khan stood second for hosting Bigg Boss and third was Karan Kundra for Gumraah, followed by Aamir Khan for hosting Satyamev Jayate.\"Accordingly, Karan stood 3rd amongst the superstars, who made their presence on small screen. Wow! Congrats Karan.We contacted Karan Kundra to congratulate and he says, \"The feeling is great because for the first time I tried my hands on anchoring and people loved me for that. I am loving that feeling for sure.\"Long way to go Karan!!!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17486170", "title": "New Year makeover for Ramakrishna crematorium", "text": "KOLKATA: Come New Year and the Ramakrishna Mahasamadhi Sashan in Cossipore will don a new look. Visitors thronging Belur Math on January 1 - the auspicious day of Kalpataru Utsav - will also be able to avail of ferry services from Belur to the Mahasamadhi, if all goes according to plan.This is, however, only a part of the overall facelift plan for the heritage crematorium where Ramakrishna Paramhansa was cremated.A two-storey building with marble floors has been constructed beside the place where the great saint was cremated. Once complete, the building overlooking river Hooghly will be open to visitors as a meditation centre. This apart, the plaques created in memory of Sri Ramakrishna and his disciples are also being restored for the visitors.The KMC health department has roped in experts in heritage conservation for suggestions on the project. Atin Ghosh, member, mayor-in-council, overseeing the KMC health department said that efforts are on to complete the project before the New Year.\"Though it's difficult to wind up the project before Kalpataru Utsav, we are trying our best. Completion of the project now depends on how fast we restore the memorial plaques,\" said Ghosh.The ghat adjacent to the Mahasamadhi, lying in a shambles for years, has also been spruced up by KMC for the visitors.Besides, to reduce pollution at the crematorium, the KMC health department has installed two anti-pollution devices over two wooden pyres. These devices will reduce pollution considerably, said TK Mukherjee, the chief municipal health official.This Kalpataru utsav at Ramkrishna Mahasamadhi Sashan at Cossipore may be a different one. If everything goes well, devotees who throng Belur Math on January1 on the auspicious day of Kalpataru Utsav can avail ferry service from Belur which will take them to the Mahasamadhi sashan where Ramkrishna Paramhansadeb was cremated, in 15 minutes. Ratanbabu ghat, next to the crematoria will be decked up by the Kolkata Municipal Corporation for launching the ferry service.However, this is just a part of the overall facelift of the heritage crematoria where besides Ramakrishna Paramhansa, his disciples such as Mahendra Nath Gupta, Gourimata, Durgamata were also cremated. Renowned dramatist Sisir Kumar Bhaduri was also cremated here. A two storeyed building with marble floors has been constructed just beside the place where the great saint was cremated. This two storeyed building overlooking the Hooghly river gives a breathtaking view of Belur Math on the other hand. Once complete, this building will be opened to the visitors as a meditation centre. This apart, the plaques created in memory of Sri Ramakrishna and his disciples are being restored for the visitors. For this purpose, the KMC health department is taking help of eminent personalities who are experts in heritage conservation. Atin Ghosh, the member, mayor-in-council overseeing the KMC health department who took the initiative to take up a comprehensive restoration of the heritage crematoria, said that efforts are on to complete the project before new year. \"Though it's difficult to wind up the project before Kalpataru Utsav, we are trying our best. Completion of the entire project now depends on how fast we restore the memorial plaques. In any case, the whole project will be complete by a couple of month's time,\" Ghosh said. Besides the crematoria, the adjacent wide ghat has been restored and spruced up for the visitors who want to take a holy dip in the river. This ghat was lying in shambles before the civic body decided to restore it. The civic authorities have sanctioned Rs 50 lakh for the facelift of the famous crematoria, said a KMC executive engineer.This is not all. The KMC health department has taken initiative to reduce pollution at the crematoria. The health department officials in consultation with the KMC electrical department have installed two anti-pollution devices in two wooden pyres. Before this initiative the civic body had installed such devices at four electrical chimneys of the crematoria. These two anti-pollution devices each bought at Rs 15 lakh will reduce pollution considerably, pointed out T.K. Mukherjee, the chief municipal health official. Two such devices will be installed at Keoratolla crematoria very soon, the MMiC said. The devices will be fitted in other crematoria as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17484400", "title": "Couple commits suicide in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: A domestic quarrel between a man and his wife led to both of them committing suicide. While the husband was found hanging at their house in the Jail Road area of Nashik Road, the wife who had set herself ablaze a few days back, succumbed to burn injuries on Monday.The Upnagar police informed that Vijay (32) and Sarika Lokhande (27), were residing in the Jail Road area. Lokhande would take up temporary jobs and there were financial strains which led to quarrels. On Friday, after one such quarrel, the woman set herself ablaze and was shifted to Civil Hospital for treating the burn injuries. She had suffered 68% burn injuries and succumbed to the wounds on Sunday.Meanwhile, the police who were searching for her husband in connection to the burn case on Sunday were informed by Lokhande's neighbours on Monday that a stink was coming from their locked house. Subsequently, the police broke the lock and found Lokhande hanging. The couple is survived by a 10-year-old son and seven-year-old daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17484210", "title": "26 houses razed in Chhota Bangarda area", "text": "INDORE: Acting tough against the encroachments, the district administration on Tuesday demolished 26 under construction houses at Chhota Bangarda and notices were served to another 40 houses to vacate the illegally acquired places in next eight days.Tehsildar Poornima Singhi said around 2 acre government land was encroached by constructing houses in Chhota Bangarda area.\"On Tuesday, 26 under construction houses were demolished to stop any further encroachment and action will be taken against another 40 houses in eight days' time,\" said Singhi adding that people are staying in those 40 houses and they have been asked to vacate the place.Tehsildar said that the land belonged to government and people should verify the ownership and other related documents before buying any land to avoid being cheated.The residents of the area said they had bought this land from some real estate developer. Some of them had only recently bought the land and had started construction.\" Instead of troubling us, why cannot the administration act against those who sold the land illegally ?,\" the residents ask.When contacted, the administration staff said action against encroachment and illegal construction will continue. More than 330 illegal colonies have been identified and all the data are available for people at collector's office. Soon, they will put all the information online, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17485617", "title": "Top cops told to meet deadline for criminal-tracking project", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Director general of National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB) Shafi Alam on Tuesday asked top cops of Punjab, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh and Chandigarh to ensure that they meet the December 25 deadline for implementing the pilot project of the crime-criminal tracking network and system (CCTNS) in their areas.The NCRB chief was interacting with police officers of the three states in the opening session of a two-day workshop on CCTNS, district police lines in Panchkula. Panchkula and Gurgaon are the two cities shortlisted by Haryana police for the launch of the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17485679", "title": "Sardesai rips into Parrikar again", "text": "MARGAO: Warning that he'd launch a people's movement if chief minister Manohar Parrikar failed to acquire land for parking at Dabolim before January 1, Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai on Tuesday urged all ministers and MLAs from South Goa, especially from Salcete, to take immediate and visible action to save the Dabolim airport.Addressing mediapersons on Tuesday, Sardesai criticized Parrikar for trying to belittle Curtorim MLA Reginaldo Lourenco, and said that Parrikar should be appealing to the PM on behalf of the people of Goa to protect the future of Goans. \"His (Parrikar's) advice to Reginaldo that he should tell the prime minister to ask the Indian Navy to give up land is also proof that the chief minister does not believe in the federal and democratic structure of the country. He should remember that the Prime minister is his prime minister also,\" said Sardesai.Sardesai further said that he once again wanted all the ministers and MLAs of South Goa to stop watching mutely from the sidelines while the future of half of Goa was being sold off to benefit the interest of lobbies from outside Goa. \"It is high time that the people of South Goa, who voted for this 'parivartan', should confront their elected representatives on the issue,\" added Sardesai.He further claimed that Parrikar had asked all the officials across the Navy, Airport authority of India (AAI)and other government departments who attended the meeting held at the secretariat not to speak to the media, which Sardesai said expoed Parrikar's non-transparent stance.He further reminded Parrikar of the commitment made by the state government to the civil aviation ministry to provide ample land for parking at Dabolim, and said that this should be done within one month, and that the entire tendering process for Mopa should be stopped until that is done.\"Also, the argument that the parking area should be immediately adjacent to the airport is flawed, as normally, parking is kept at a reasonable distance from the terminal building. Security measures also demand that the parking area should not be in close proximity to the sensitive areas,\" said Sardesai, adding that the alternate land being suggested by Parrikar was unfeasible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17486718", "title": "House OKs Rs1080cr for energy dept", "text": "PATNA: Bihar legislative assembly on Tuesday passed the second supplementary budget demand of Rs 1,080 crore of the energy department by voice vote rejecting the cut motion moved by Sadanand Singh (Congress).Presenting the demand, energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav said the department and state electricity board officials were committed to bring the state on the power map of the country and fulfill CM Nitish Kumar's assurance that all the households would get power by 2015.\"We are engaged in strengthening transmission, generation and distribution system,\" the minister said and added that by 2014, the state would start getting 533MW and 660MW power from two units from the stage-II of Barh Thermal Power station. The Centre is being impressed upon to share 100MW from the Damodar Valley Corporation which was part of the undivided Bihar. Besides 400MW power would be made available from the private companies by 2015.In fact, the minister mentioned, the state would get 5,000MW electricity from 2015 and Bihar would be able to sale 1,000MW to other states. The rest 4,000MW would be consumed in the state. Rs 15,000 crore would be spent on installing new transmission line. The minister said to improve power scenario in the state, electricity poles, wire and transformer would be replaced with new ones in 71 towns.He said a super grid would be installed at Lakhisarai, Gaya, Banka and Darbhanga which would help the state in getting power from any grid in the country. \"We are moving from zero to self-sufficiency in spite of the fact that the state is facing odds on availability of coal from the Centre,\" the minister said.Presenting the expenditure and revenue for the secondly quarter of the 2012-13, deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said the state made Rs 77,082 crore plan expenditure in 11th Five-Year Plan, increasing the state's growth rate to 21.9%. He assured the House that the state would make Rs 2.28 lakh crore plan expenditure during the 12th Five-Year Plan.Modi said the state was able to achieve the 21.9 % growth rate during the 11th Plan because of the 30% investment in construction, 26% in hotels and business, 18% in communication and 16% in both agriculture and animal husbandry and fishery resources.Modi informed the House that Bihar government had settled the pending Abstract Contingency (AC) and Detailed Contingency (DC) bills of Rs13,098 crore till date. Indicating the state government's eagerness to update the gap between the AC and DC bills at the earliest, Modi said the bills of Rs 9,815 crore have been settled with the principal accountant general since May 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17486687", "title": "13 'rejected' nominations held valid after protests", "text": "PATNA: Patna University Students' Union (PUSU) election committee on Tuesday held valid the nomination of as many as 13 contestants for different posts. These nominations were earlier rejected due to some technical flaws.The decision to validate these nominations was taken up by the committee after PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh's talks with the representatives of different student organizations.Nominations which were held valid included those of Md. Shahid Ahmad Alam (president), Prabhat Kumar and Uday Kumar (vice-president), Prachi Raj (secretary), Sujit Kumar (treasurer), Tazmeen Shafique of Patna Women's College, Viky Kumar Singh of B N College, Rakesh Kumar of College of Arts and Crafts, Amit Kumar of Patna Law College, Vivek Kumar, Manish Kumar and Rupesh Kumar of the faculty of the social science (executive committee members).PUSU chief returning officer Amarendra Mishra, however, clarified that no relaxation was given to the candidates who could not fulfil the criteria of 75 % attendance regularity of academic sessionand good conduct. He said at least four candidates have applied for withdrawal of their candidature.Meanwhile, campaigning for the PUSU polls picked up on Tuesday with candidates stepping up classroom canvassing and holding corner meetings. They were also seen visiting different hostels of the university to garner the boarders' support. Issues of acute faculty shortage, more accommodation in hostels, better infrastructural facilities on the campus and improvement in academic atmosphere were discussed.The representatives of different student organizations took out processions on the campus shouting slogans in support of their candidates. The volunteers of some student organizations, including All India Students' Association, also took out protest march against the police lathicharge on students at the PU gate on Monday night. Nearly half-a-dozen agitating students were injured in the lathicharge. There was heavy deployment of police throughout the length and breadth of the campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17485474", "title": "Celebration of young talent with sporty competitions", "text": "LUCKNOW: It's no ordinary stage at Yuva Mahotsav. Singularly responsible for catapulting several first-timers to fame and glory, this year too, the youth fest has lived up to its reputation. Take Srishti Arora, for example. The 5-year-old made a quiet entry into the event when she was all of three, impressing organisers with her dance moves. They bent the rules to accommodate the youngsters and two years on, Srishti is creating waves bagging first position in a popular dance reality show. She was also awarded 'Best child award-Lucknow' by choreographer Saroj Khan. \"We were nervous when Srishti gave her first stage performance at the Yuva Mahotsav. It boosted our confidence and Srishti's as a result of which she went on win a reality show. It was a stepping stone in Srishti's life,\" says Rohit Arora, her father.Yuva Mahotsav has changed several other lives as well. Vishnu Pandey and his group were the winners of group dance of Yuva Mahotsav in the year 2010. They got several offers for stage shows after they performed at the mahotsav. \"Yuva Mahotsav provided us a platform to showcase our talent. We were in need of money and work which we got after performing at the mahotsav,\" he said. Pandey has choreographed two Bhojpuri albums which will be launched by March. His group mate, Prakash, has also been choreographing Bhojpuri movies.Anamika Pandey who anchored Yuva Mahotsav for two years is now an anchor in a media house. \"I never pursued any course in anchoring. For me, Yuva Mahotsav was a great motivational force.\" Similarly, Hindi film music composer Sankalp Srivastava who won the Yuva Mahotsav in 1996 says, \"It was the turning point of my life. The applause of people gave me such confidence that I was able to give background music score in many Bollywood movies.\" Srivastava has given music for many advertisements, TV serials and Bollywood movies. Many children who took part in Yuva Mahotsav later earned accolades in reality shows. Some of them are Pooja Tewari, Harshit Saxena, Anushka Srivastava, Vineet Singh, Prince, Devika and Yashi.For the past 18 years, Yuva Mahotsav has been discovering young talent in Lucknow. It provides a platform to youngsters to display their talent. Yuva Mahotsav, which is a part of Lucknow Mahotsav, is organised by the Institute of Professional Studies. Organiser of Yuva Mahotsav, Mayank Ranjan said, \"With time it has become a huge platform for youth to display their talent. I feel proud when they bring laurels to the city. Every year a large number of youth from Uttar Pradesh take part in it.\" Ranjan added that when Yuva Mahotsav was started in 1995, there used to be only 10 competitions. But now, they have 37 events that include creative writing, tattoo making, chikan embroidery and caricature competition. This year, over 10,000 youth have participated in different events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "munger", "code": "17486610", "title": "Notorious Jamui criminal arrested", "text": "MUNGER: Teka Manjhi, a hardcore criminal of Jamui district, was finally apprehended by the police with the help of CRPF on Monday. Jamui SP Upendra Kumar Sharma said Manjhi, 36, a native of village Sonelatand under Sono police station in Jamui district was carrying a cash reward of Rs 25,000 on his head as he was absconding from Jamui jail after exploding a bomb scaring the jail officials and since then the police were searching for him.Manjhi is involved in at least 24 criminal cases, the SP said and added that he was hiding in Asansol, West Bengal , after his escape from the Jamui sub-.jail on March 11,2002, with nine other jail inmates. One jail warder was injured in bomb blast. Two jail officials were placed under suspension for dereliction of duty by the IG (prisons) after the incident. Seven of those who escaped from the jail were, however, rounded up later on, but three others were absconding including Manjhi.The Jamui SP said Manjhi was involved in one dozen cases of dacoities, seven cases of kidnapping and three murders which took place under different police stations of the district. One regular gun and some live cartridges were also recovered from his possession. The SP said on a tip-off that Manhi was at his native village, a police team comprising CRPF jawans, a group of policemen from five police stations were formed and a raid was conducted to nab him.Sources said Manjhi had stepped into the footsteps of his father Jhirku Manjhi, a notorious criminal of the area three decades back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17485899", "title": "Trichy traders threaten to block trains", "text": "TRICHY: Retailers in Trichy under the banner of Tamil Nadu Vanigar Sangankalin Peramaippu (Forum of Tamil Nadu Traders Association) hoisted black flags atop shops on Tuesday to protest the Centre's proposal to allow foreign direct investment (FDI) in retail. The protest is set to continue on Wednesday with traders threatening to block trains.The trader's association claims to represent over 21,000 small retail traders in the city, more than a lakh labourers and allied business people, who believe that their survival is at stake if FDI is allowed in multi-brand retail. \"Survival of those involved in retail business is at stake if FDI in retail becomes a reality in India Likewise, the small retailers would be unable to compete with multi-national retail firm and forced to wind up their business,\" Ve Govindarajulu, state secretary of the forum, told TOI.Trichy is a retail hub for central Tamil Nadu and the city with a 10 lakh population is a large market in itself. Many traders fear that Trichy offers an attractive proposition for retail giants like Wall Mart.Murugavel Ravishankar, managing director of a major super market in Trichy, summed up the predicament of the local retailers. \"The cost price of the products in our shops would be the selling price of things for foreign retail companies. It is possible for them as they manufacture many products and procure other products directly from the manufacturers indirectly forcing the carry and forward (C&F;) dealers, distributors, wholesalers to leave the business. So, the customers would turn their focus on the foreign companies. Over a period of time, the local retailers would shutdown their business. Then, only, the foreign retails uncover their original face by increasing the prices many times and become monopoly in the market,\" said Ravishankar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17486022", "title": "Past bid to regulate pre-primary centres failed", "text": "PUNE: Over a decade-and-a-half ago, the then Shiv Sena-BJP government in the state had made the first attempt to create a regulatory framework for pre-primary centres like nursery and kindergarten schools.The Maharashtra Pre-School Centres (Regulation of Admission) Act, 1996, was part of this exercise. An expert committee under professor Ram Joshi had been earlier appointed by the government to draft this enactment. The Joshi committee submitted its report to the government in January 1997.Some of the key features of the draft enactment were concepts like neighbourhood policy which included priority for admission to children who lived within a specified radius in the neighbourhood of the concerned pre-primary centre, irrespective of their religion, race, caste or sex, to cover 80 per cent of the total intake.The draft also provided that in case of excess applications, seats should be allotted by way of drawing lots.The Joshi panel also recommended against any test or interviews of the child or their parents in the name of admission. Similarly, the panel sought to restrain the pre-primary centres from prescribing any specific book, set of books or booklets. The state government accepted the Joshi committee report during the winter session of the state legislature in Nagpur in 1997. Subsequently, the Maharashtra Pre-School Centres (Regulation of Admission) Act of 1996 was gazetted.In January 1998, a section of school managements and MLAs approached Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray with a plea to dilute the Act. A Pre-School Centres Amended Ordinance 1998 was later passed by the government. On January 21, 1999 the Act was once again gazetted with yet another amendment. However, it remained dormant in view of opposition from political and private school lobbies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17486680", "title": "Etawah lion safari project poised for green signal", "text": "KANPUR: Master plan for state's first lion safari may get final approval by the Central Zoo Authority (CZA) at the meeting in Lucknow on Wednesday. Lion safari will be developed as per the CZA guidelines and funds released by the state government.In August, authorities of the UP Forest department had sent the final master (layout) plan of the lion safari to the Central Zoo Authority (CZA) and after some amendments in the plan following recommendations by the latter's expert group, final approval is awaited in a meeting with the governing authority on zoo design and lion safari, to take place in the state capital on Wednesday. Lion safari in Etawah where the Asiatic lion would be kept for breeding is also aimed at arresting extinction of the royal beast.The master plan covers the topography and upkeep of the animal, availability of water, vegetation, climate, visitor's profile, conservation, education and research, said Forest department sources.Sharing information on some of the recommendations of CZA, a Forest official further apprised that major thrust will be on the location and size of animal handling area, which would remain beyond the reach of visitors. \"Two animal houses to be developed have a keeper gallery, therefore, enclosure should be placed beside the animal houses. There will be a separate patrol path for safari authorities besides a 3.2 km long stretch of road would come up for visitors in 50 hectares. About 300 hectares of land will be used for developing a buffer zone. Distinct colours would be used for each facility. The visitors' route will not intrude with the animal house and would be kept a safe distance away. Residential campus would be separated from lion safari by a fence,\" he added.\"There is plan also for plantation of grass, trees and plants. We would plant Deenanath, kareel and khair grasses to develop the lion's habitat. Similarly, a few saplings of neem, sheesham, chokhar and ardu would be planted to keep the foliage as realistic as the lion's natural habitat,\" said another senior Forest department official talking to TOI. Once the safari gets developed, the state government would open the place for tourists,\" he added.Sujoy Banerjee, deputy conservator of forests, Chambal Wildlife Division, Agra informed the Lion Safari would now be designed and constructed as per the guidelines of the CZA in a phased manner providing a direction from CZA for the development of the project.It might be noted here that the work on the Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav's dream project came to a halt in July after Union Environment Ministry sent a show-cause notice to state government asking it to stop all the development activities related to the project.Union ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) had then objected to the felling of babool tree undertaken in the Fisher Forest area in Etawah for the development of lion safari project. It had sent a letter to the principal secretary of the forest department on July 1, 2012 asking authorities to stop work immediately, calling it violation of Forest Conservation Act.Nearly 50 hectares of area in Fisher Forest on Etawah-Gwalior highway close to National Chambal sanctuary and ravines of Yamuna had been acquired in the year 2005 during the regime of Mulayam Singh Yadav and was notified as a lion safari. Named after Fisher, the collector of Etawah in 1888, the forest is about 10 km away from Etawah district headquarters. Project, however, was derailed after Mulayam Singh resigned in 2007 after losing to Bahujan Samaj Party.It was, revived after Samajwadi Party came to power in March. Around Rs 5 crore had already been allotted for the safari which is estimated to cost Rs 83 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "jerusalem", "code": "17487818", "title": "Israel appreciates 'full and deep' cooperation with India: Shimon Peres", "text": "JERUSALEM: Calling India and itself a victim of terror, Israeli President Shimon Peres on Tuesday said he appreciated the \"full and deep\" cooperation between the two countries in dealing with the menace that has become a global problem.\"You are suffering like the rest of the world from terror. Today's security is not necessarily a clash of armies although you still have a very delicate balance between two countries with nuclear weapons\", Peres said in an indirect refrence to Pakistan.Speaking during a ceremony at his official residence where India's new ambassador to Israel Jaideep Sarkar presented his credentials, Peres said, \"I saw what your country went through. Almost by miracle you saved the parliament and its members from becoming victims and also the story of the attack in Mumbai. We appreciate very much the cooperation in that domain being full and deep\".The Israeli president tried to draw parallels between the situations faced by the two countries in countering terror attacks through the above illustrations, highlighting the unique challenges arising from terror groups that are not a part of a country's army.\"When you have an army you can know the motive but when you have terrorists you don't know how to face them. They respect neither law, nor identity, nor self-restrain\", he noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "ayodhya", "code": "17485492", "title": "Ayodhya under heavy security cover for Babri anniversary", "text": "AYODHYA: The temple town has been put under heavy security blanket in view of the 20th anniversary of Babri Masjid demolition on Thursday. About 10,000 personnel from state police, rapid action force and the PAC have been pressed into service in the temple town of Ayodhya to maintain peace and security on this day. The security system also includes mounted police of 15 horses that will patrol the town to control any riot-like situation. A flood company of PAC has been deployed in Saryu river to maintain round-the-clock water patrolling to prevent any untoward incident that may happen through the river.The local administration has encircled the Ayodhya and Faizabad towns in three-tire security cordon that include four zones, nine sectors and 14 sub-sectors to be manned by additional SPs, deputy SPs and inspectors and sub--inspectors respectively. Two dozens CCTV cameras have been installed across the Ayodhya city to keep a close watch on movements. All the entry points of Ayodhya city have been sealed and entry is permitted only after complete security check by the cops.The Muslim organizations have announced to observe this say as black day by hoisting black flags on their houses. They will keep their business establishment closed with black flags hoisted on them. The Hindu organization, mainly the Vishwa Hindu Parishad, has announced to observe the day as the \"day of bravery\" and \"day of victory\"In order to maintain peace and communal harmony, SSP Dharmendra Singh has directed his officers and cops posted in different security zones to be vigilant and collect all major and minor information related to the occasion.Talking to TOI, SSP Dharmendra Singh told \"we are in regular touch with the responsible and peace-loving persons from both the communities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "17484174", "title": "Boat race sets Mahanadi on fire", "text": "KENDRAPADA: The fishing harbour at the Mahanadi river mouth in Paradip came alive on Monday with boats vying with each other to win the Kalinga Bali Yatra boat race. As many as 40 boats from different fishing villages rowed along the river amid cheers from onlookers on the banks.\"The boat race is undoubtedly the most exciting event of Kalinga Bali Yatra festival. Fishermen race along a 15-km stretch from the river mouth to the sea. It was jointly organized by Solabhai Fishermen's Association and Baliyatra Organizing Committee,\" said Manjulata Jena, the chairperson of Paradip Notified Area Council (NAC).\"The event is promoted as a major tourist attraction and its popularity has soared over the years drawing a large number of tourists as well as locals,\" said Sumant Biswal, the president of All Odisha Fish Producers Association (AOFPA) in Paradip.The most remarkable feature of the boat race is the great team spirit depicted by the participants. \"A mistake by one person can lead to the overturning of the boat,\" said Bipin Sethi, a fisherman who participated in the boat race. This year the team of Buddhadev Dalei, Ranjan Majhi and Pravat Sethi won the race and a cash prize of Rs 4,000 each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17483840", "title": "Yeshwantpur Metro link work picks up pace", "text": "BANGALORE: Namma Metro work is gathering pace along the northern corridor. With Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation (BMRC) confident of finishing work by mid-2013, residents of Malleswaram, Rajajinagar, Yeshwantpur and Peenya can hope for an early ride.\"It'll take another four months to construct the span over the railway lines near Malleswaram, and complete track work between Peenya depot and Sampige Road station,\" N Sivasailam, managing director, BMRC, told reporters on the Metro, during the launch of the utility's automatic ticket vending machines (ATVMs) at MG Road, Indiranagar and Byappanahalli stations on Tuesday.He also said that BMRC is awaiting approval from the central government to start land acquisition and field work for Phase II of the project.Amita Prasad, principal secretary, urban development department, who launched the machines, complimented BMRC for matching up to international standards. \"I think we can compare Bangalore Metro to the one in Australia, Taiwan or Singapore ,\" she said.Head for the coin boothIn a hurry? Head for the automatic ticket vending machine, insert coins or currency notes of Re 1, Rs 5 or Rs 10, and the black Metro coin will pop out.BMRC on Tuesday launched its ATVMs at the MG Road, Indiranagar and Byappanahalli stations. Officials warned that commuters are not to insert a Rs 2 coin as the machine cannot differentiate it from a Re 1 coin.Delhi Metro has such machines at many stations. But the ones in Bangalore might soon have the facility to swipe debit and credit cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17486455", "title": "Death toll in Ooty minibus accident rises to 8", "text": "COIMBATORE: The death toll in the accident where a minibus plunged into a 150ft gorge on its way to Kottakombai from Kotagiri, has increased to eight on Tuesday. Twenty-one people, including the bus conductor have been injured and are being treated at the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) in the city.S Ganeshan, a 48-year-old labourer working in a tea estate, had just finished distributing wedding invitations for the marriage of his daughter Jegathambal, and had boarded the minibus to return home. He is presently battling for life at CMCH. His 17-year-old son G Vigneswaran was also injured in the mishap. The entire family was busy with making arrangements for the wedding, scheduled to happen on December 9, until the accident took place. \"Our top priority is that my brother and nephew make a complete recovery. Thus, we have decided to postpone the wedding,\" said S Rajasekar, Ganeshan's elder brother.Ganeshan, a native of Alangudi Mahajanam village at Lalgudi Taluk in Trichy, had moved to Melthattapallam near Kotagiri in Nilgiris district, 15 years ago. He was working in a tea estate. He has two daughters and a son. On Monday evening, Ganeshan and his son Vigneswaran had gone to Ooty to distribute wedding invitations to friends and family. Around 6.50 pm, the duo boarded a minibus to return to Kotagiri. When the bus was nearing Anna Nagar, the driver lost control and the swerved off the main road, falling into a 150-feet gorge.Nine-year-old M Aishwarya, a class 5 student at St Mary's Primary School in Kotagiri was also on the minibus. She sustained injuries on her legs and head.Forty-seven-year-old R Rajendran, hailing from Melthattapallam, is another injured passenger. He had purchased groceries and was returning home on the ill-fated bus. He sustained head injuries. \"The bus swerved off the road, and fell into the gorge, rolling nine times on its way. The driver is to blame for the accident,\" he said.As many as 19 people, including the bus conductor M Sathyaraj (25), were admitted at CMCH on Monday night. The city police commissioner A K Viswanathan visited the injured in the hospital on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17484923", "title": "Hassled Shastripuram residents to move HC against plastic menace", "text": "HYDERABAD: Having failed to elicit the desired response from the local authorities to rid them of plastic pollution in their area, residents of Shastripuram have decided to move the high court seeking an end to the pollution menace.Shastripuram, a residential colony spread over 180 acres, has more than 200 unauthorised units involved in processing and recycling plastic. After much coaxing, the GHMC took up demolition of 33 buildings terming them as illegal constructions in September last and followed it up with demolition of another 55 buildings last month.However, this has not helped in containing pollution. Frustrated, the residents have lodged complaints with the local police as well the State Human Rights Commission and Lok Ayukta. Now, armed with water pollution data obtained from the pollution control board, the residents have decided to move the high court against the plastic unit managements and local authorities. The PCB figures show a higher than normal dissolved solid count besides water hardness that is twice the normal permissible limit. The presence of nitrates was the most alarming finding with all samples, except one exceeding the desired limit and two samples exceeding the maximum permissible limit.The presence of nitrates is linked to a condition called Methemoglobinemia that can starve the blood of oxygen. The residents also contend that the GHMC made no effort to curb plastic processing as the activity continues to be carried out from many demolished structures. There is also discontent over the manner the units were chosen for demolition. The residents are also unhappy with the electricity board for not disconnecting power supply to the units despite instructions from the GHMC.Meanwhile, an RTI query filed with the fire services department has thrown light on the hazards the plastic units in Shastripuram and surrounding areas pose. According to the fire services department, 36 accidents were reported to the Chandulal Baradari fire station. The unofficial count is believed to be much higher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17485293", "title": "Ancient art of 'Patta Chitra' portrays", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The \"patta chitra\" art form of Odisha is a major draw at the fourth annual Chandigarh Craft Mela and with good reason. After all, it's not everyday you see the Ramayana and Krishna leela depicted pictorially on palm leaves on a single piece of cloth.President award winning artist Ramchander Sahu has depicted the Ram and Krishna leela in their entirety on the palm leaves. Even though visitors can't help being awed at the intricacy and magnitude of the work, Ramchander has a more matter of fact approach. He said the \"patta chitra\" is a tribal art form that their ancestors have been familiar with for more than two centuries.According to Sahu, working with pictures from the Ramayana takes six months. \"The palm leaves are carved and strung up on a thread. Our method of writing is similar to the one people used when there were no pens or pencils,\" he explained. The carved parts of the leaves and cloth are coloured to give the piece its distinctive aesthetic appeal, the artist said.Recalling the honour conferred upon him by the president, he said, \"Getting an award from former President of India R Venkatraman was a matter of pride for me and now, on my first visit to Chandigarh, I am proud to see people appreciative of my work.\"Sector 29 resident Tarun Mehta said he was pretty impressed by the delicacy and devotion involved in the piece. \"The moment I saw it I could not take my eyes off it. I can only marvel at the talent of the artist,\" he said.Several residents bought the \"patta chitra\" to hang up in their homes. According to Rakesh Jain of Sector 38, \"I have bought one of these artworks because such things are priceless.\"These traditional Odisha paintings are mainly based on mythology and are marked by bright colours and creative motifs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17484089", "title": "Health status a click away in govt hospitals", "text": "BHOPAL: For every visit 65-year-old Varun Singh makes to the local government hospital, he has to explain in detail his condition to the doctor on duty. Seldom does he carry a prescription for reference making things difficult for him and more so for the doctors he used to consult. However, patients like Singh do not have to bother anymore.The district hospital of Neemuch, Shivpuri, Rajgarh, Sheopur have installed a computerized hospital and patient management system (CHPMS) and issued a unique identity number which links to the patient records. They also have live camera feeds of the hospitals which can be viewed by authorities across the state, through an internet browser.\"It has the potential to link patients and their records. Suppose we refer a patient to Bhopal - the doctor can immediately track the patient's history and access his records,\" said a health official.The web enabled health care management system besides covering the aspects of patient management and treatment management processes, could also monitor the health employees. \"Since the video server saves all the video feed. We can go back in time and monitor employees who have been late for work or absent,\" he added.The current CHPMS is funded by money generated through Rogi Kalyan Samiti (patients' welfare committee). \"We have installed and operated the CHPMS without any additional funding from the hospital. For instance for every visit the patients pay a nominal fee of about Rs 5. We get about 50% of the revenue generated,\" said vision advisory services MD, Pradeep Karambelkar whose company has developed the system.Apart from reducing the labour cost, CHPMS can ultimately combine electronic copies of all documents created from admission to discharge with electronic reports, usually clinical testing or billing information, into a single electronic folder, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17485354", "title": "North Delhi Municipal Corporation to table 1st budget today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Six months after its formation, the three municipal corporations are all set to prepare the development plan for next financial year 2013-14. The North Delhi Municipal Corporation will table its budget on Wednesday followed by East and South on Thursday and Friday, respectively. The biggest challenge before the three corporations is to boost its revenue and for this, sources say, the corporations are contemplating a 40-60% increase in property tax and two-time increase in parking charges.Of the three newly formed municipal corporations, South is the richest. Sources say North and East, which have taken a massive loan from Delhi government, have no option but to look for ways to boost its revenue. And with property tax being the main source of revenue for the corporation, the commissioners are likely to propose a hike in property tax.Since 2004, when the Delhi government introduced self-assessment of property tax using Unit Area Method, the municipal body has not increased the property tax only once in 2009. Officials say the hike was \"minimal\". There have been two municipal valuation committee reports of which none has been implemented. Officials say, as per the DMC Act, in such a scenario the corporation can increase the property tax depending on the cost index calculated by the Central government. \"In the last few years, the cost of living has gone up. As per the present cost index, the municipal corporations can increase the property tax by 60%,'' said an official. Sources confirm that all the three commissioners are going to propose a steep hike in property tax.Meanwhile, the BJP, which is the ruling party in all three corporations, has clarified it will not allow increase in taxes. \"There is no question of increasing property tax or introducing any new tax. We will try to increase our revenue by bringing more people under the tax net and through advertisements,'' Rajesh Gehlot, chairman, standing committee, South Corporation, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17485640", "title": "Kejriwal accuses Narendra Modi of showering largesse on private firms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) members Arvind Kejriwal and Prashant Bhushan on Tuesday targeted Gujarat CM Narendra Modi , accusing him of giving away thousands of crores in land, gas and coal blocks to private companies at throwaway prices.In their sixth \"expose'', Kejriwal and Bhushan said Modi had favoured Gujarat-based business house Adani Group on power purchase and land allotment besides giving gas fields worth Rs 20,000 crore to private companies -- Jubilant Energy and Geo Global -- for \"free\", adding that their disclosures were evidence that the rivalry between Congress and BJP was a pretense and that the two parties were actually \"business partners'' in private.Questioning Modi's credentials as 'vikas purush' and claims about his honesty, the duo leveled a series of charges against the CM, targeting him for allegedly allowing Adanis to \"walk away\" with coal blocks without supplying power at cheap rates as per agreement.They also alleged that Modi \"gifted'' away 20% stake of $20 billion worth of gas blocks acquired by state-owned Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation (GSPC) in the KG basin to Geo Global and Jubilant Enpro causing an estimated loss of Rs 20,000 crore to the public exchequer.Questioning the process of shortlisting the two companies, Kejriwal said Geo Global, owned by Jean Paul Roy, was incorporated just six days before the agreement with GSPC and was expected to provide technical assistance. Not only did Geo Global admit to Securities and Exchange Commission in the US that it did not have the requisite expertise but the agreement gave the company gas fields free of cost.A similar agreement by Mukesh Ambani's Reliance with British Petroleum ended in the latter paying Reliance an amount of $7.3 billion (Rs 35,000 crore) to acquire 30% stake and to provide technical assistance.Kejriwal also alleged that Geo Global had received benefits from the UPA government as well with production sharing contracts in KG basin, Cambay basin, Deccan Syneclise basin and Bikaner Nagaur basin.The allegations from the activist-duo, who have frequently been accused by Congress of being BJP's proxies, came just over a week before the first phase of polling for Gujarat assembly, and marked an assault on Modi's attempt to showcase himself as Mr Clean who was committed to the welfare of 6 crore Gujaratis.It also tied in with Congress's charge of crony capitalism against the Gujarat CM. Yet Congress, always ready to pounce upon Modi, chose to keep a distance from the activists' volley against the CM. Sources attributed the rare reticence to the party's wariness of Kejriwal-Bhushan, considering that Congress has borne the brunt of their attack.BJP dismissed the charge as \"motivated and mischievous\", with sources pointing to their old thesis that Kejriwal-Bhushan had been attacking BJP figures only to fend off the perception of being biased against Congress.Jubilant Energy (a subsidiary of Jubilant Enpro) rejected the allegation that it was favoured by Modi. \"Jubilant Energy won this block under international competitive bidding under the third round of New Exploration Licencing Policy of the government of India. Jubilant Energy is a partner in the block and pays fully for its 10% share of expenditure,\" the company said in a statement.\"Jubilant is the original partner in this block along with Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation Ltd (GSPC) as the operator of the block. This block was awarded by the government of India along with 22 other blocks at the same time to various parties, both PSUs and private sector. This block was originally an exploration block and the first discovery in this block was made much later in 2005,\" it added.The Adani group too dismissed the allegations. \"The land for Special Economic Zone at Mundra was allotted following the process of law. The allegation related to coal supply by GMDC is baseless. Till date we have not received any coal from GMDC. These baseless allegations seem to be motivated and lack deeper understanding of the matter. They do not merit further response,\" the group spokesperson said.Kejriwal and Bhushan accused the Gujarat chief minister also of allocating prime land in Gandhinagar for MPs and MLAs who in turn sold it at higher prices, as well as of allocations in Kutch to the Adanis at \"throwaway\" prices. The same government asked for eight times the market price when the Indian Air Force approached it for land.Alleging that Modi bought Congress silence by giving largesse to the opposition, Kejriwal said the state government had allotted plots to its MPs and MLAs in prime areas of Gandhinagar but most of them sold these plots at much higher rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "17484072", "title": "2 Maoists surrender in Rourkela", "text": "ROURKELA: Two hardcore Maoists from Jharkhand, believed to be the close aides of senior Maoist leader Samarjee, surrendered to Rourkela police on Tuesday. The surrendered Maoists, Jadu Rai Soi (36) and Rakesh alias Bijay Hinoga (30), are allegedly involved in 11 Maoist cases, including murder.Jadu and Rakesh are active Maoist cadres since the last five years and are the president and secretary of Kisan Kranti Committee, the farmer wing of CPI (Maoist).Police said the two Maoists were involved in the abduction and murder of sub-inspector Ajit Bardhan during 2010, murder of labour leader Rabi Oram of Renjda in 2009, Thomas Munda of Kalta in 2010, Albert Munda of Toda in 2010, murder of Deonath Singh of Langalkanta in 2010 and Sukra Oram of Chandiposh in February 2011.Besides, the duo had played a lead role in blasting the CRPF camp, SAIL office and police outpost at Kalta. They were also instrumental in recruiting large number of villagers from different areas of Jharkhand and some parts of Odisha and settled them in Kulatop village. Jadu from Jharkhand's Khunti district was living at Kulatapa village in the state's Kiribur district, whereas Rakesh alias Bijay Hinoga is from Thalkobad village in the neighbouring state.\"The duo will be produced in front of the screening committee and action will be taken against them as per its recommendations,\" said SP (Rourkela) Himansu Lal. \"They will receive Rs. 2.5 lakh and four decimal plots each ,\" Lal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17486309", "title": "40 shops charred in supermarket fire", "text": "Dharwad: Forty shops were gutted in an accidental fire that broke out in the supermarket here on Tuesday morning. The fire was reportedly caused by short circuit. Luckily there have been no casualties.The shops had vegetables, plastic materials and readymade garments. Most of the shops were temporary structures. The fire broke out at 2.30am and spread to all the shops within no time. Police inspector Tulajappa Sulphi rushed to the spot and helped shift the materials from neighbouring shops. Four fire tenders were pressed into service and the fire was completely extinguished by 5am. Police commissioner B A Padmanayana, DCP SM Pratapan, ACP SN Holihosur, MLAs Seema Masuti, Chandrakant Bellad and former MLA Vinay Kulkarni visited the spot. The loss is estimated to be approximately Rs 1.5crore.Accident exposes lacunae The accident has exposed several lacunae on the part of civic authorities. When the fire broke out in the wee hours, it was first noticed by a security guard who was taking rounds in the market. The guard alerted one of the shopkeepers over phone and also informed the police and the fire station. According to eyewitnesses, police inspector Tulajappa Sulpi rushed to the spot and helped other shopkeepers shift their material. However, the fire fighters came around 3.30am, according to shopkeepers. Even after arriving, the fire personnel found it difficult to come near the shops in the absence of a proper approach road. With difficulty they managed to extinguish the fire around 5am but the damage had been done. The shops have come up in a haphazard way in the market making it difficult to provide relief during disaster. JD(S) leader Ismail Tamatgar, who had led an agitation a few months ago demanding facilities for the supermarket blamed the authorities for not doing anything to improve the situation. Former Congress MLA Vinay Kulkarni staged a dharna and demanded compensation for those who have suffered lossesin the fire accident. President of Hawkers and Vendors association MA Harapanahalli who is waging a legal battle to safeguard the interest of hawkers said it is high time the work of developing the supermarket began. When the fire was noticed attempts to reach the shop owners failed as several shop keepers had switched-off their mobile phones. The people who were in a quawali programme hrushed to the spot and they had to break open the doors of the shops to put off the fire. Breaking open the door locks also delayed the operation. The shop keepers said, in the absence of adequate water facility in the supermarket they had to carry water in buckets from far-off place to put-off the fire. A shocked vegetable vendor Padmavathi whose shop was also gutted in fire tried to jump into the fire along with her three daughters. However, the people prevented her from taking extreme step. Nagaraj, a shop keeper who witnessed his shop catching fire had a heart attack and he was immediately rushed to district hospital for treatmen where he is reported to be recovering. Deputy commissioner Sameer Shukla who visited the spot said that he has directed the officials to render all possible help to the victims.Supermarket a den? The discovery of some burnt ganja packets at the site has sparked off speculations that the supermarket had become a den of illegal activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17486747", "title": "Patna grads make it big", "text": "PATNA: With dreams in their eyes, they had taken admission in the best institutes of the city, and now they are set to fly high as they will leave their alma mater with lucrative job offers in their kitty. Students of some of the finest institutes have already been placed in different organizations or are in the process of being recruited by companies awaited on the campuses.Boasting 100% placements last year, Indian Institute of Technology Patna (IIT-P) has already got 15 of its students placed in three organizations in November and three students in December. \"While recruitment at most IITs starts in December, a few companies visited our campus earlier this year. Placements would continue till March and we expect a 100% placement in 2012 too,\" said Suresh Prasad, in charge, Training and Placement Cell, IIT-P. Of the 25 companies that visited IIT-P last year, the major employers were multinationals like Microsoft, Amazon and Flipkart and domestic majors like TCS , Infosys , Tata Motors , Hero MotoCorp , Bharat Petroleum and DRDO.With recruitments going on across all campuses of Birla Institute of Technology (BIT), almost 60% students of BIT Patna have already been placed in 13 companies. \"We have one of the best placement records in the city and some companies that have hired BITP students are Wipro , Samsung and Facebook. About 5-6 companies visited BITP and our students were recruited from other campuses too,\" said BITP director S L Gupta.Campus selection is also going on at the National Institute of Technology Patna (NITP), with quite a few students placed comfortably, said Vidya Sagar Nath, registrar, NITP.While engineering college students are raking in moolah, management graduates are not behind. Almost 25% of Chandragupt Institute of Management Patna (CIMP) students are already placed. An elated director V Mukund Das said, \"The recruitment season started early and would be over by the end of January. Most of the students are from the state itself and we have 100% placement record. The organizations that come for recruitment here once, definitely visit CIMP again.\" Das expects that students would receive salary offers as high as Rs 15 lakh this year.Three students of the first national law university of Bihar, Chanakya National Law University (CNLU), got offers from Pangea, a legal process outsourcing (LPO) firm, as early as July 2012 and two others got pre-placement offers from where they did their internship. Pulak Sparsh, Aditi Shahi and Aayush Jha, all final year students of CNLU, received a job offer of Rs 7 lakh per annum from Pangea. \"The average annual package offered here is Rs 5 lakh and companies mostly visit the campus during January-end and February,\" said Ajay Kumar , placement in charge (faculty), CNLU.The Central University of Bihar (CUB), currently located on the BITP campus, mostly offers courses of general nature. Its students were placed in some non-government organizations (NGOs) and industries last year. \"We usually organize a 'Development Meet' in March, where students are picked up by NGOs or companies working in development sectors. Since not many professional courses are taught here currently, students also go for NET and CSIR exams,\" said Janak Pandey, vice-chancellor, CUB.Another institute that prides itself on 100% placement is National institute of Fashion Technology, Patna (NIFT-P). \"The average annual package offered to undergraduate students is about Rs 3 lakh, whereas postgraduate students receive somewhere between Rs 4-4.5 lakh. NIFT centres have centralized placements and for the current batch, campus selection would start from January 29, 2013,\" said Sanjay Srivastava, director, NIFT-P.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17486588", "title": "No decision on Afzal Guru\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s mercy plea: Shinde", "text": "NEW DELHI: Home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde on Tuesday said his ministry had not yet taken any decision on the mercy petition of Parliament attack case convict Afzal Guru.\"So far, the file (Guru's) is with the home ministry. It has not come to me yet. So far, I have seen only one file of mercy petition and that was of (26/11 terrorist) Ajmal Kasab,\" he told reporters.Kasab was hanged in Yerawada jail in Pune on November 21.Earlier, both Delhi government and the home ministry had recommended that Guru's mercy petition -- filed by his wife -- be rejected by the President. However, after Shinde took charge as home minister on August 1, the file was sent back by President Pranab Mukherjee for a review.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17484199", "title": "HC denies bail to Zahida, Saba", "text": "INDORE: Indore bench of Madhya Pradesh High Court on Tuesday refused to grant bail to Zahida Parvez and Saba Farooqui-accused in RTI activist Shehla Masood murder case. Earlier, sessions court also turned down their bail appeal. Now, accused are planning to move to Supreme Court.Advocate Zahid Khan, lawyer of Zahida Parvez said court of justice PK Jaiswal refused to grant bail to Zahida and Saba. He added they are not satisfied with the order and now we will approach the SC within a fortnight. He added till now only four witnesses have appeared before court out of nearly 149 witnesses. \"Prosecution of the case will take long so accused should have been granted bail if she is women ,\" Khan said.Khan said they had appealed for bail on the ground that till now no direct evidence has been presented against her client and even the witnesses those who have appeared before the court have not spoken against Zahida. In addition to this, accused is the mother of two and under section 437 of CrPc, if the accused is minor or women, then bail can be granted by magistrate even in the case of murder.He also alleged prosecution is being delayed for no reason.\"As per the provision, interval between the dates should not be more than fortnight if the accused is in jail. But in this case, dates are given after nearly a month which is delaying the trial,\" said Khan.Advocate Sunil Shrivastav, lawyer of Saba Farooqui said her client is charged for conspiracy and hiding facts but till now nothing has been proved and no substantial evidence has been presented in the case. Still Saba was denied bail. He said her client had medical complication and she needs medication and care.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17485562", "title": "Cutting edge: Inmates used cellphones", "text": "MUMBAI: Forty-nine women inmates, who managed to escape from the state-run Navjeevan Mahila Vastigruh in Mankhurd, reportedly used cellphones -although its use by inmates is prohibited at the shelter-to procure cutting tools, a Govandi police investigation has revealed.Nine inmates escaped from the shelter on Monday. According to investigators, the use of cellphones was confirmed by inmates present in the home. \"The cutting tools are thrown over the shelter's fence. The inmates get hold of it while they come out during the day,\" said a police officer. Home minister R R Patil and women and child development minister Varsha Gaikwad had a closed-door meeting on Tuesday to discuss the issue. Patil and Gaikwad had differences of opinionover who should provide security to the shelter home, said a source. \"Patil said it is the duty of the women and child development department to provide security to the shelter home. But Gaikwad pointed out that the court had asked to provide security to the shelter home, Patil agreed for deploying security for now,\" said the source, adding, \"The department concerned should deploy private security guards or pay the cost to the home department for posting security personnel.\"Meanwhile, the police have asked officials at the shelter to increase the height of its boundary wall and instal a barbed wire fence. \"We have told them to prepare verified dossiers of the inmates and appoint security guards or home guards at the shelter home,\" said a police officer.\"We have asked the shelter's officials to seize the cellphones of the inmates after they are brought in. Moreover, they should be allowed to talk to their relatives and parents in the presence of the official staff present at the home,\" he addedsaid a Govandi police officer. Police want better security arrangements at the shelter. The hour long discussion was carried out with visit at the state run home by officials from the police and the shelter home.\"We discussed on two aspects of the home: production and offence. The officials reviewed the home status and concluded that theUnwanted material and scrap on the premises should be cleared. The inmates should be tagged with identity cards that will help in identifying and locating them easily,\" said the officer.\"The shelter home officials should also conduct surprise checks and frisk the inmates,\" he added. The officer said that apart from the security features the officials also discussed on giving proper medical facilities to the inmates. Also it was asked to share information with the police immediately instead of delaying the matter.Additional police commissioner (east region) Quaiser Khalid said, \"We will track the escaped inmates soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17485750", "title": "Doctors at Madurai Government Rajaji Hospital take out bone stuck in youth's throat", "text": "MADURAI: Jeeviston has paid the price for not paying heed to his parent's words, 'do not watch television while eating'. Jeeviston, a 19-year-old student of diploma in engineering, of Rojmanagar, near Sayalkudi in Ramanathapuram district swallowed a piece of chicken bone while eating, which got stuck in his food pipe. The over attentiveness on television, resulted in the boy undergoing trauma for the next seven days.Jeeviston could not eat for the last seven days since he swallowed it on November 27 and has been suffering from acute pain, said A Maria Navis, his mother. The chicken bone, which stole his smile for the last one week is finally out. Thanks to the otolaryngologists (ENT doctors) at the Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH), Madurai.Maria Navis said that the incident took place when her son was eating without concentrating on his plate. Since the second day after the chicken bone got stuck in his food pipe, he could not swallow anything. She thought that Jeeviston could not eat due to strains made by the chicken bone and never thought the bone would be clinging in the throat.\"We took him to a private clinic, where the doctor prescribed some medicines. We waited for a day but the condition was worsening. We took our son to the Ramanathapuram government hospital, where doctors referred him to the GRH in Madurai. He was admitted here late on Saturday night. We have been feeding him liquid items such as juice, cool drinks and tender coconut since then,\" said M Anandhan, the boy's father and a fisherman by profession.ENT doctors said that the foreign body had pierced the oesophagus and stuck there. They discussed conducting a cardio thoracic surgery to remove the foreign body. However, after consulting with doctors of surgical gastroenterologists and medical gastroenterologists, they tried the rigid esophagoscopy and removed it on Monday.\"We never thought that esophagoscopy would work. We just gave an attempt and it worked out. In a couple of days, Jeeviston can get back to his normal food habits,\" said the doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17486099", "title": "Activist seeks to know BJP leaders' involvement", "text": "Mysore: After officials, it is now the turn of politicians to face Chamundi Hills land scam charges. Activist M Lakshmana, who has approached the Lokayukta seeking a probe into the scam, on Tuesday sought to know as to why urban development minister Suresh Kumar is silent about the scam. \"Though it is Mysore's biggest land scam having ramifications on the city's growth, the minister, who also holds law portfolio, is not commenting on it. While his party MLC G Madhusudana is raising his voice, the BJP members, including deputy CM K S Eshwarappa, are silent. What is their involvement? They should explain,\" he told reporters. Releasing related documents, he said some portion of land in survey No. 4 in Kurburhalli has been converted from agricultural land to housing by urban development department and issued an order on August 1 to Muda. \"Land in this survey No. has come under the scanner following charges of corruption,\" he said, arguing that it is the officials' ploy to claim that it was arable land and hence it is not 'B' kharab (government) land. Muda commissioner C G Betsurmath said they are verifying the records. According to him, a Delhi-based developer eyed 63 acres in Kurbarhalli survey No. 4 to develop it into a mega township. Seeking the government to conduct the probe by a sitting judge, the activist said CID probe will not help. He argued that the government is delaying transfer of DC P S Vastrad by not naming his successor. \"This is to allow him to issue another order to assert that the 2,000 acres of controversial land is not 'B' kharab land,\" he stated. Asked why the opposition leader Siddaramaiah and Congress MLA (Chamundeshwari) M Satyanarayan are not commenting on the row, he said he doesn't know. But Lakshmana said that he will update Siddaramaiah on the scale and extent of the scam, so he can raise the issue at the winter session of the assembly. Meanwhile, Karnataka Kranti Pade staged a dharna, seeking CBI probe into the issue. It also sought the suspension of Vastrad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bhadrak", "code": "17484140", "title": "Road project in doldrums", "text": "BHADRAK: It has been two years since work on this stretch began in 2009 but the World Bank-financed ABC road project along state highway 9 seems to be going nowhere.The contractor had reportedly moved the Orissa High Court in 2010 after the World Bank imposed a fine of Rs 2.85 lakh a day on him for inordinate delay in the work. Only 20% of the work could be completed, sources said.\"The state government could do little for speedy execution of the road project as the matter was sub judice. Following intervention of state dispute redressal board, the World Bank finally sent the termination letter to the contractor on November 21. Fresh tenders will now be issued as mentioned by revenue and disaster management minister Surya Narayan Patra on the floor of the House on Monday,\" said Bijay Nayak, MLA of Chanbali constituency in Bhadrak.Official sources said the 95-km state highway from Chandbali to Anandapur via Bhadrak under the works department was handed over to the World Bank on November 3, 2008. The ABC (Anadapur-Bhadrak-Chandball) road project worth Rs 216.23 crore included widening of the existing carriageway to two lanes. Though work began in September 2009 with the deadline fixed for March 2011, the construction company assigned the job allegedly failed to execute the task as per the specifications.The unfinished work has left behind dug up roads and scattered construction materials creating inconvenience for more than five lakh people of five blocks, Chandbali, Tihidi, Bhadrak, Bonth and Anandapur. \"It takes six hours to navigate the 50-km stretch from Chandbali to Bhadrak. The last three years have been a nightmare for commuters using the road,\" said Rabindra Padhi, a social worker of Tihidi block. Padhi had sat on hunger strikes protesting against the tardy progress of the road project.The senior officers of public works division and the World Bank declined comments on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17483873", "title": "Mahendra Singh Dhoni's farmhouse gets facelift for team visit", "text": "RANCHI: Every time Team India skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni visits his home town, he spends some time at his under-construction farmhouse on Ring Road near Kathitanr. He also supervises every small bit of work being done there.But all of a sudden, the pace of construction has increased. If sources close to Mahi's family are to be believed, the effort has gained momentum to welcome Team India which will arrive here on January 16, two days ahead of the ODI against England.While the organizers claim that the players will not have much time to freak out given the tight schedule of the match and security concerns, Mahi's family sources said the players would have enough time to spend with their skipper. While Dhoni is planning to stay with the teammates at Hotel Radisson Blu where the Jharkhand State Cricket Association (JSCA) has arranged the stay of both the teams, he is expected to visit his home at Harmu Road and also spend some time at the farmhouse. \"A few rooms are being constructed and around 50% construction is already over. We hope to complete at least a part of the farmhouse before the ODI,\" said a close associate of Dhoni who has been entrusted with supervising the construction in his absence.JSCA president Amitabh Choudhary said even if the players were coming for a match being organized in the skipper's hometown, they would be governed by the Board of Control for Cricket in India (Brules. \"The JSCA is hosting the ODI, but itinerary of the players will be strictly determined by the BCCI ,\" he said when asked about the plans of the cricketers to visit Mahi's home or farmhouse. JSCA officials also clarified that even though both the teams are arriving on January 16, they would have practice and warm-up sessions ahead of the match. \"Since the wicket is new, we expect players of both the teams to spend some time in practice to understand it in a better way,\" said a JSCA official.Family sources of Dhoni said some of Mahi's close friends in the team are sure to visit his home and farmhouse, though the visit of the entire team is not certain. \"We are trying to keep the farmhouse ready following directions received from Mahi but whether the team would arrive here or not will be decided once the players are here,\" said the associate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17485182", "title": "Caught in web of confusion and class malady, RTE fails to take off", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The government of India may have come up with the Right to Education Act (RTE) in 2009 with the intention of providing access to education to the financially-deprived, but the Act is yet to make its impact felt, feel educationists.Not only is the Act fraught with loopholes but with many corporate and private schools going to court, the matter has become subjudice and is yet to be implemented, the educationists say.Apart from the financial burden that many educationists and institutions fear they would have to bear due to RTE, there is also the problem of bridging the class divide in a country which is increasingly becoming class conscious.'Nowhere is it being implemented in toto ,' observed the principal of a popular school in Visakhapatnam, when asked if there was any school in Vizag or Hyderabad which was actually implementing the RTE Act in letter and spirit.However, there are some schools that are making a conscious attempt to help the children of 'have nots' gain access to proper education and also ensure that they do not feel the class divide. \"We have children whose parents come from all walks of life and different sections of society. There are more than 250 underprivileged children in our school. At least 50 of them are children of our lower level staff who are being provided free education, while the others are helped out to the maximum extent possible keeping our budget in mind,\" said the principal of one of the oldest CBSE schools in Visakhapatnam.Though the principal made it clear that they were totally intolerant to the idea of a class divide, there are some parents who do not like the idea of their children rubbing shoulders with the children of the underprivileged.Parents as well as managements of some corporate schools in Visakhapatnam believe that the government must be able to provide free education for children of the underprivileged in a separate setup with the infrastructure it has and not combine them with private schools.According to IM Ahmed, an activist and a member of a city-based parent-teacher association, some parents were blind to the needs of the underprivileged. \"Instead of seeing this opportunity as a great leveller that would help one and all, they are simply unable to accept the fact that their children would have to sit next to those who are perceived as hailing from the servant class,\" Ahmed said.He added that if children were exposed to such discrimination there could be a danger of the class malady affecting the entire psyche of a new generation. Ahmed also noted that the government must not drag its feet on the issue.However, Visakhapatnam district education officer K Krishnaveni said, \"The Act is not being implemented because the government is yet to pass a GO framing the rules for the 25 per cent quota promised to the underprivileged and also because private schools have gone to court fearing that they would be financially burdened.\"On concerns over standards in government schools and the falling numbers, Krishnaveni said, \"Our schools are as good as private-run schools and our numbers are definitely not falling.\"However, a member of the management of one of the oldest private high schools in Visakhapatnam noted, \"It must be kept in mind that we are totally self-financed. If the 25 per cent quota rule for entry into first standard is implemented, the numbers will keep increasing and many of us would be forced to shut shop.\"With the privileged fearing infringement, private schools apprehensive of being financially burdened and government schools apparently not up to the mark, children of the underprivileged will still find making their mark in society an uphill task.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17484440", "title": "Programme on Narmada man today", "text": "NAGPUR: Fossils have been our link to the history of evolution of the world. It was on December 5, 1982 at a sleepy town in Madhya Pradesh called Sehore that one such important link was established in the form of remains of the skull of what was later referred to as the Narmada man.In order to inform people more about this link, named Narmada man as the fossils were found on the banks of the river, Brainpolio Research and Eradication Centre is organizing a presentation at Vidarbha Sahitya Sammelan Sabhagruha, Sitabuldi at 6pm on Wednesday. A replica of the skull of the primitive man who lived in Narmada valley will be presented on the occasion with J Srinath of Anthropological Survey of India as the chief guest.\"It is an opportunity for us to tell the people about an important milestone in India's archeological history. We will be discussing the history of the five lakh-year-old Narmada man and how it was discovered. At the time of its discovery, it helped solve a big puzzle that linked the history of evolution of mankind that was discovered by then by means of the remains found at China, Africa and Europe,\" said Manik Bhagat, a surveyor with the Geological Survey of India and the founder president of Brainpolio Research and Eradication Centre.He said the remains dug out from the site at Hathnora village of Sehore district were kept at GSI's museum in Nagpur for more than sixteen years. Later, it was shifted to the GSI headquarters at Kolkata where it is still housed. By means of the programee, the centre aims to put forward the information and achievements of Indian geological and anthropological scientists in front of the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17484473", "title": "Doomsday clock ticking for Hyderabad?", "text": "HYDERABAD: December 21 will probably come and go but Arya Mohanty is religiously counting the number of days left before the world eventually comes to an end.Praveen Kumar Chintapanti, a psychiatrist at \"Tranquil Mind\" in Jubilee Hills is treating a lady who wants to commit suicide along with her family members since she is unsure how painful the \"doomsday\" death would be, while others are watching the Hollywood blockbuster 2012 several times and some partying hard thinking their days are numbered.For those who are not aware of the latest prophecy doing rounds, the world might just come to a sudden end on December 21, 2012, at the completion of a 5125-year cycle known as the \"long count\" in the Mayan calendar.While scientific groups debunk the theory, many Hyderabadis among other citizens of the world are caught in a state of frenzy with plans of family and friend get-togethers in the last few hours before the clock ticks over to the D-day.\"Looking at the natural disasters happening in quick succession over the past few years and going by the climatic changes and pollution, I strongly believe that the doomsday theory is true,\" said Arya Mohanty, a 23-year-old software professional working in a corporate firm in Begumpet.Arya, who is planning a gathering of close friends at a location in the city is not only going overboard with his belief on this theory as many are behaving in a similar manner.Purnima Nagaraju, a city based psychiatrist has been encountering such patients for the past few months.\"I had met a few teenagers who had become addicted to drugs and alcohol for the past few months. I tried to know the reason and they all replied that since the world is anyway ending, they decided to have fun,\" Nagaraju says.\"At first, I thought they were just coming up with silly excuses but later realized they strongly believed in the theory and were even breaking in to cold sweats and were having panic attacks at nights.\"Authorities at the BM Birla Science Centre are getting calls and receiving visitors with questions about the doomsday theory and whether a sudden alignment of stars and Earth would indeed trigger a catastrophe.The prophecy is that the world might just come to a sudden end on Dec 21, 2012, at the completion of a 5125-year cycle known as the \"long count\" in the Mayan calendarApart from rubbishing it, authorities said they are going to issue a note on why people should not fall for the doomsday theory.Some scientific groups and social organisations are inviting people to talks and awareness programme on this issue.\"We are planning to invite students and teenagers to witness planetary movements through a telescope and this is to instill confidence that nothing will happen,\" said Srinivas Jhawar, chief coordinator of the Astronomy Club of Hyderabad. But some management of restaurants and pubs are planning to make the best out of the doomsday theory with many planning special parties from December 20 evening onwards. \"We are likely to call it a doomsday party and since December 21 is a Friday this unique theme will pull in more weekend crowd,\" said a club manager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17486433", "title": "IOA suspension: What it means for Indian sports", "text": "TO INDIAN SPORTOne of the darkest days in Indian sport. Thanks to politicians and bureaucrats who want to double up as sports administrators for life. The final nail in the coffin came when the IOA began to shout back at the IOC, even questioning the parent body's right to send observers to the elections. Now that the inevitable has happened the only hope is that suspension is for a better tomorrow. All these years, the IOA had just one Olympian - Randhir Singh and there was no place for the likes of Paes or Bindra.TO THE PLAYERSThe situation appears scary for all sportspersons as they cannot compete in Games organized by IOC, including Olympics, and continental events, conducted by the Olympic Council of Asia (OCA) under the national flag. It means whenever an Indian wins a medal, instead of the tri-colour the Olympic flag will go up. The athletes will also suffer from reduced interest from sponsors till the suspension is in force. They will also be worried about the government funds for national camps and exposure tours.TO THE IOAThe immediate fallout for the Indian Olympic Association is that the elections, though there was no contest for most of the posts, scheduled for Wednesday is now of no significance. In all probability, the three-member election panel may suspend the process as the new set of office-bearers will not be recognized by the IOC. In turn, the IOC may appoint an ad hoc body to run the show in India. Till the imbroglio is sorted out the IOA will not get any grant. The national body was receiving approximately Rs two crore per year from IOC plus various other incentives.HOW TO OVERTURN ITTo start with let all the office-bearers put in their papers. With the IOC likely to appoint an interim-body to run the body and the government more than willing to co-operate with it, the tainted officials and family veterans will have no place to hide. There is no other way for the IOA but to amend its constitution as per the Olympic Charter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17484844", "title": "Bear pays visit to Besa?", "text": "NAGPUR: The residents of Besa village were in for a shock on Tuesday evening when a wild animal, probably a sloth bear, visited their locality. The wild animal reportedly killed a stray dog too, creating panic among the residents.However, forest officials did not react fast to information from residents, and the beast had disappeared by the time they reached the spot. The wild animal was first suspected to be a hyena, but residents later claimed it was a sloth bear.A resident from Besa first called deputy conservator of forest PK Mahajan about the animal. Mahajan passed on the information to range forest officer DB Nandanwar. The person had said that residents had seen a sloth bear wandering in the area, and said the animal had even killed a dog.The witness claimed that residents had heard unusual barking by stray dogs and found one of the dogs killed later, leading to the alarm.A resident told TOI the forest staff did not reach the spot fast. \"Nandanwar, instead of rushing to the area, sent two of his subordinates, round officer PN Humne and forest guard Kishor Kadve, to Besa. However, they reached on their bike after a long time. In the meanwhile, the wild animal had disappeared into the nearby farms. The residents are in panic and feeling unsafe,\" he said.The forest staffers and some residents surveyed the nearby area later, but could not trace the wild animal. The panic stricken residents also burst firecrackers to scare away the wild animal, afraid that it was hiding in bushes.After calling off the search operations, forest officials said the wild animal might have strayed into Besa from the forest situated towards Butibori. But forest staffers refused to confirm the presence of a sloth bear since they could not trace any pug marks. The forest staffers also said that sloth bears usually do not visit densely populated areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17486566", "title": "Shikshakarmis on indefinite strike", "text": "RAIPUR: Shikshakarmis in large number have launched a state wide indefinite strike from December 4, under the aegis of Shikshak Sangharsh Samiti (SSS) and other associations. They allege that the state government has not heeded their long-pending demands, including time-bound pay scale, implementation of the Sixth Pay Commission recommendations and immediate disposal of the pension issue.More than 1.5 lakhs shikshakarmis across the state have gone on the strike. Students' curriculum have been affected on the very first day of the strike. Thought the sources in schools said that regular teachers have been appointed to resume the classes in schools, reports of many schools being shut due to absence of teachers have also come to the fore. Four schools in Durg were shut where 1100 shikshakarmis have gone on strike.The shikshakarmis in Raipur are staging protest at the protest ground located at Budha talab while many of them had taken out a rally in Mahasamund. \"Many students had to return homes after the first half,\" said a principal of Dhamtari school.The shikhsakarmis had earlier given notice to the government about a month ago forewarning about the strike. Schools are most affected in Sarguja, Bastar, Kanker, Sukmam Raigarh, Rajnandgain and Dantewada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17483820", "title": "Nagri paddy gift to woo leaders", "text": "RANCHI: Nagri villagers on Tuesday gifted bunches of recently harvested paddy from the disputed land to the MLAs before the start of the assembly session. Almost 227 acres in the area have been acquired by the government to set up an educational hub there - a fact that the local people opposed.\"Raure sarkar chala tha hamre ker jameen ke ghuraye deva, chauua puta ke asirvaad mili, (You run the government, please return our land, our children will bless you)\" said an elderly woman of the village while handing over the paddy to an MLA.Many ministers accepted the paddy and promised to support the villagers in their fight. Raghuvar Das said, \"An enquiry should be made on land occupied by ministers and government officials and educational institutions should be constructed on those land.\"MLA Kamal Kishore Bhagat said, \"We will have a talk with the government. The land should be given back to villagers.\"Ratan Tirkey, who was leading the villagers, said, \"Nagri movement will be strengthened. The government is trying to destroy the tribals by taking away their land and we will continue protesting against this motive.\"Other MLAs like Annapurna Devi, Geeta Koda and Bandhu Tirkey supported the cause too, but on the other hand, education minister Baidyanath Ram and excise minister Raja Peter refused to accept the paddy.The villagers had earlier planted paddy on the land earmarked for constructing the education hub, opposing the government move to acquire the plot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17486166", "title": "Attendant of schoolbus sexually abuses 5-year-old", "text": "BANGALORE: A five-year-old girl was allegedly sexually abused by her schoolbus attendant on the premises of her school at Papareddy Palya in Nagarabhavi on Monday. The victim is a student of lower kindergarten in St Sophia's School, a private institution.Police on Tuesday afternoon arrested the accused, Sabanna, an employee of the school, and are interrogating him. A case has been booked against Sabanna under Sections 354 (assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty) and 376 (rape), read with Section 511, of the Indian Penal Code.Alleging that the school had failed in its duty to guarantee the safety of children, parents of the victim and other students staged a demonstration outside the institution on Tuesday morning.Confirming they had received a complaint from the girl's mother, Jnanabharathi police said: \"The victim's mother has alleged the incident took place in the school. The victim was playing in the school ground during the break hour when Sabanna came to her and took her to a toilet and tried to molest her. More details will be available only after Sabanna's interrogation is over.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17486084", "title": "Six schools, colleges fined for larva breeding", "text": "RAJKOT: In order to create awareness, health department of Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) has carried out checking in at least 36 schools and college campuses for larva breeding.According to RMC officials, health department has been taking preventive measures after dengue cases were reported from various parts of the city.\"On Tuesday, we surveyed 36 places, including schools and colleges, and sprayed powder wherever we found it necessary. We have fined at least six schools and colleges where we found larva breeding,'' an RMC official said.RMC has been vigilant since the recent eruption of dengue fever in the city for the last two months.RMC also distributed jelly fish to local residents as part of preventing measures. More than 110 cases of dengue fever have been reported from city in the last two months.\"Awareness among people and early diagnosis helps people recover early,\" an RMC official said.Meanwhile, 23-year-old Sajeda Rafai, a resident of Veraval in Junagadh district, died due to dengue fever on Monday. She was brought to Rajkot for further treatment, but succumbed.At least 11 people have died due to dengue in Saurashtra and Kutch region during the last two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17484734", "title": "Dead patient on ventilator: Man moves HC against hospital", "text": "NAGPUR: Aggrieved over Dhantoli police inaction against the Getwell Hospital and Research Institute, a city-based businessman has moved the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court, alleging gross negligence that led to his brother's death and also for hiding the fact from their family for about three days.A division bench comprising justices Pratap Hardas and Arun Chaudhari served notices to respondents, including commissioner of police and Dhantoli police inspector, asking them to reply in a week. Rajendra Daga was counsel for the petitioner Babarao Gawande, a Sitabuldi-based businessman.According to Daga, petitioner's brother Shalikram had visited the Getwell Hospital in Ramdaspeth for a regular checkup for asthma on October 17. But, he was admitted in the hospital by Dr Rajesh Swarnakar for administration of saline. The family was informed that he will be discharged within two days. After this, the doctor went abroad. However, when the family approached the hospital for discharge two days later, they refused to do so, citing unavailability of Dr Swarnakar.Though Shalikram's condition was fine in the first two days, it later started deteriorating. He complained to his family about his critical condition and that there was no doctor to attend to him. It was only after much hue and cry was raised over lack of medical help that the patient was shifted to ICU on October 21. Later, due to his worsening condition and breathlessness, he was kept on ventilator. Even in ICU, there was no specialized doctor to attend to him, contravening the rules which necessitate examination in ICU by a specialized doctor. On October 24, he was declared dead, citing heart attack as the reason.Daga contended that family had a medical case papers of October 21 that mentioned that \"there was no spontaneous movement/breathing with pulse absent\" which clearly proves that the patient died much before October 21 due to lack of proper medical treatment. But to escape the family members' wrath, the hospital put him on ventilator for three days before declaring him dead. The family even tried to lodge a complaint with Dhantoli police on October 24 but all their pleas were ignored, perhaps deliberately, Daga argued.Petitioner's counsel further pleaded that every doctor, due to his skill and knowledge possessed, owes a duty of care to its patient but this duty was blatantly breached by the hospital. The authorities negligently left him at God's mercy and didn't provide doctors and adequate medical treatment at the right time.Terming the episode as an act of \"gross negligence and recklessness\" that led to his brother's death, the petitioner prayed for directives to police to register an offence and probe the complaint.(With inputs from Lakshmi Dwivedi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17484884", "title": "TRS may back BJP in its fight against FDI", "text": "HYDERABAD: In its pursuit to achieve separate Telangana, the TRS is tending to find a new friend in the BJP and the party leaders said the decision to vote for the resolution moved by the saffron party in the Lok Sabha on Wednesday opposing FDI in multi-brand retail was the first step towards its efforts to bring the pro-Telangana political forces under one umbrella.\"In Telangana, the bifurcation of the state is the only political issue that is prevalent, and polarization that is going to happen in the region ahead of the next elections would be on the basis of this issue. As Congress is proven to be anti-Telangana, we think there is nothing wrong in joining hands with the BJP since it has made it clear about its commitment for Telangana. However, the political churning takes its own course and we have to watch out for the developments in the offing,\" said B Vinod Kumar, a politburo member of TRS.TRS president K Chandrasekhar Rao, who represents Mahbubnagar in the Lok Sabha, categorically stated in Delhi that his party would vote against the UPA government's proposal to allow FDI in multi-brand retail. Earlier, TRS had abstained from voting in the presidential polls held in August this year, the move, in fact indirectly helped the Congress nominee Pranabh Mukherjee to win the elections.The party's pro-active decision to oppose the UPA government in FDI issue comes close on the heels of the Telangana Political Joint Action Committee (T-JAC) calling upon the TRS and BJP to forge an alliance. In a recent meeting it held with the leaders of those parties, KCR had said separate statehood could be achieved only by joining the Telangana forces to win 16 of the 17 MP seats and 100 of the 119 MLAs seats in the region. \"In the T-JAC meeting, when KCR said it was important to acquire political power to achieve Telangana, we said it can be done only by strengthening the BJP-led NDA. And since the idea is pragmatic, there is no room for confusion,\" said NVSS Prabhakar, BJP spokesperson.Earlier, the TRS toyed with the idea of going with the Congress and KCR had even offered merger of his party with it when he camped in Delhi in October and held talks with the UPA leaders. With Congress cold- shouldering him, an exasperated KCR, on his return to Hyderabad, launched a tirade against the UPA government for ditching him. And he responded positively to the T-JAC's appeal to bury the hatchet with the BJP.There is a risk of the Muslim voters getting estranged from KCR if it moves closer to the BJP, but the TRS leaders are hoping that they would stay with the alliance as it only can deliver Telangana. \"The Muslim voters of the region just want to see Telangana happen. Therefore, they would support the BJP as the alliance is committed for the cause,\" said Vinod Kumar.The Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (MIM) that has broken ranks with the Congress is tending to join hands with the YSR Congress that is branded as pro-Samaikhyandhra, and the TRS leaders said the Muslims would support their party as MIM is joining hands with an anti-Telangana force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17483855", "title": "Contract hiccups derail waste collection in Yelahanka", "text": "BANGALORE: The city garbage could again grow in heaps and mounds if the state of the new solid waste management contracts is any indication.One of the new garbage contractors, BVG India, began work on December 1 in Yelahanka. But garbage disposal in the area has run into huge problems with waste piling up on every other street corner, prompting the BBMP to shoot off two notices to the company.\"The contractor was supposed to be equipped with 888 men to clear the garbage, but they had only 195 persons. They had just four tippers instead of 19. Their work was not satisfactory and not as per the agreement with BBMP,\" said a BBMP official from Yelahanka zone.BVG India has won 51 of the 87 packages for which tenders were floated to dispose of the city's garbage. The new contracts have angered the old contractors and corporators.\"We are meeting the deputy CM to decide on the fate of BVG, which has not met BBMP expectations. We can cancel their tenders based on the non-performance,\" said the chairman of a BBMP standing committee, on condition of anonymity.But BVG India claimed that though they started work as per schedule, regular pourakarmikas didn't turn up on Day 1. They alleged sabotage. \"Our trucks carrying garbage to Mandur were stoned. We have no security and have brought this to BBMP's notice. Besides, wherever we had removed the garbage, old contractors had dumped waste purposely,\" a BVG spokesperson told TOI.However, BVG has not lodged a police complaint on the attacks on their trucks.BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel said: \"If the contractors have issues with safety, they can bring it to my notice and protection will be given. If their work is not satisfactory, we can cancel the tenders and call for fresh tenders. I have asked for a report from my officials on the functioning of BVG, which I will get on Wednesday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17485353", "title": "Meet tax targets, get bonus: Corporation", "text": "NEW DELHI: With an aim to boost property tax collection, the South Delhi Municipal Corporation has initiated an incentive scheme for its staff. According to the scheme, if the civic agency is able to meet its target, then the officials of property tax department will be given one month's salary as reward.This will encourage field staff and other officials deployed with the property tax department to recover maximum tax, either by identifying new properties or recovering dues, said officials.\"The reward will be given only after the money is credited to the corporation's account. New property tax targets have been set for each zonal office. We hope to collect Rs 581 crore as property tax in this financial year - last year property tax collected was Rs 426.79 crore. If we are able to achieve our target - Rs 154.21 crore more than last year - then we will reward our staff,\" said BN Singh, assessor and collector, south corporation, at the standing committee meeting on Tuesday. The proposal was passed in the same meet. Post-trifurcation, the three corporations are struggling to boost their revenue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17486302", "title": "HDMC announces Rs 25,000 compensation", "text": "DHARWAD: The Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation will pay a compensation of Rs 2,5000 each to the owners of shops in the supermarket in Dharwad that were gutted in the fire. The decision was taken at an emergency special general body meeting of HDMC held at Dharwad on Tuesday afternoon.Mayor Panduranga Patil said that the HDMC will distribute compensation on humanitarian grounds even though the shops had come up violating the norms and without obtaining No Objection Certificate (NoC) from the HDMC. Patil said the fire broke out because of the waste materials stocked inside the shops. Henceforth, the shop owners should not stock the waste materials and should dispose them off at the HDMC's waste lifting points on daily basis, he said.He had instructed the officials to take steps to clear the stock of waste material from business establishments and impose heavy penalty on those who continue to stock waste inside their premises.NEW PROJECTThe mayor announced that the state cabinet had approved the project to construct new market complex and the HDMC would begin the procedure of implementing the project shortly.HDMC commissioner YS Patil told the House that the shops which were gutted in the fire accident were the makeshift sheds and the government guidelines have fixed the compensation of Rs 15,000 per property.He had appealed to the members to decide the compensation for the fire accident victims within the preview of the guidelines.During a debate over this issue, Deepak Chinchore of the Congress urged the mayor for payment of Rs one lakh to each of the affected shopkeepers as compensation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17485603", "title": "Rajasthan opens arms to FDI", "text": "JAIPUR: Amid uproar and protest over foreign direct investment in the parliament, Rajasthan is all set to welcome foreign retailers in the state. Being among the nine states that have given consent for allowing foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail, the MNC's are expected to line up here soon.With Bharti-Walmart, Carrefour and Metro Cash &amp; Carry already present in the wholesale segment in state, Jaipur is expected to be among some of the first cities to have a multi-brand retail store by global majors. Apart from Jaipur, Kota and Jodhpur also will have such stores.\"The Cash and Carry outlets are already doing well. We have seen a rise in our footfall each month since we opened in November 2011. The volume is still an issue but with time even this will increase,\" said an official of Carrefour.\"The city has both space and appetite for multi-brand retail. There is a good possibility that 51% FDI in multi-brand will prompt more retail chains to invest in their front-end stores too,\" he added.Bharti-Walmart opened its first store in Kota, while Carrefour and Metro Cash &amp; Carry have their units in Jaipur. All the stores are in wholesale segment which sell to only core customer groups like hotels, caterers, traders and other business professionals and not the end consumers. These stores aim to prevent any intervention by middlemen and require buyers to make their own arrangements and assume the risks.But the traders in the city have already started feeling the heat. Retailers after some hesitation are gradually opening up to cash and carry stores. \"Our business has suffered a bit. No direct impact can be estimated but cash and carry stores have surely have had an effect. Some of the retailers have shifted their loyalties while many are still with us,\" said Suresh Agarwal, secretary of Rajasthan Kirana and Dry Fruit Committee.India has allowed FDI in retail only in cities having one million and above population. With this clause, only 53 cities in the country can go for FDI. If we take out states which are opposing it, only 18 cities remain.But some shop-owners in the city are unfazed by the decision. They feel the fears are unfounded. Ved Prakash Dang, who owns a 52-year-old grocery shop in Raja Park, says: \"There is a threat for sure, but people will still shop from local kirana stores. These big brands lack the personal touch which local grocery shops offer. I know most of my clients by name and know their tastes and preferences. Above all, there is a trust which will be hard for these companies to earn.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17489201", "title": "Farhan hopes 'Bhaag Milkha...' will boost athletics", "text": "Actor Farhan Akhtar hopes Bhaag Milkha Bhaag, a biopic on sprinter Milkha Singh, gives a boost to athletics in the country.\"I do believe that athletics does need a boost in the arm like many other sports do. There are a lot of thing we are planning to do through this film, through the message of this film and hopefully that will happen,\" the 38-year-old said Tuesday at the Aamby Valley hill city where he kicked off a skydiving event.Farhan, who spent a lot of time with Milkha Singh to work on his role, says the athlete wants the film to inspire young people to win an individual medal for the country.\"Milkhaji had said that his biggest dream with this movie is to get more people inspired to enter athletics, more people will get inspired to want to win an individual medal which really hasn't happened yet for this country,\" Farhan said.\"We hope to motivate young people through this film and somehow be involved in helping him (Milkha Singh) realise this dream that he has had for 60 years,\" he added.Farhan has built a six-pack for the film, and it is a result of a strict workout regime.Talking about the preparations for his role, Farhan said: \"It does take a lot of hard work, eating correct, make sure you get enough rest because rest actually is as important for your body to look good as is exercising it.\"\"You need to give up on a lot of things but you know the reason for doing it and the cause for doing it is much larger than all of this and that keeps you going,\" he added.Directed by Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra, Bhaag Milkha Bhaag also stars Sonam Kapoor and is slated for release July 12, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17486667", "title": "House tax hike likely to rock KMC meet", "text": "KANPUR: The Kanpur Municipal Corporation will convene its much awaited house meeting on December 15 to discuss the talk of the town enhanced house tax. Jagatveer Singh Drona city mayor announced to call the house late on Monday evening.Last month, nagar nigam officials cleared a proposal of enhancement of house tax on houses of city. The proposal for enhancement was from 10 to 15 per cent on annual letting value of the house.The mayor wrote a letter to the nagar nigam secretariat to convene the house to discuss the issue as there was pressure from corporators who had already rolled up their sleeves to oppose the enhanced house tax.Corporators Ashok Tiwari, Naveen Pandit, Mahendra Pandey, Satyendra Mishra, Neelam Chaurasia, Laxmmi Kanaujia ,Reeta Shastri , Mahendra Pratap Singh, Ramapti Jhunjhunwala and others had met with city mayor several times and insisted to convene the house to discuss the issue as it would prove as burden on house owners of the city.Meanwhile, other corporators are busy seeking support from others as it was a burning issue for them. BJP corporators in the meantime met municipal commissioner N K Singh Chauhan and apprised him with views of the denizens.On the other hand, municipal commissioner clearly said right of amendment in house tax belongs to him and he would neither reduce it nor withdraw it..The rigid attitude of Chauhan might prove a cause of confrontation between him and corporators during the house meeting.The nagar nigam sources apprised that besides house tax issue there were some other issues would also be discussed, including drinking water, sanitation and A2Z issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17486648", "title": "Police arrest 6 persons for job racket", "text": "PATNA: Acting on a tip-off, Patna police on Tuesday arrested six persons for duping people by promising jobs to them from Maharaja Kameshwar Complex under Kotwali police station area.SP (city) Jayant Kant said, \"The placement agency had called several people from other states to give job offer letters on Tuesday. Earlier, police had information that the agency was collecting money from people by offering them jobs at private companies.\"\"The agency published ads in Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh , Punjab, Maharashtra and other states with job vacancies. The candidates used to give the agency Rs 9,000 to Rs 10,000 each for placement. The agency opened the Patna office 20 days back. The racketeers used to change their official address frequently,\" he said.Theft in drug shop: In a robbery at a medical store under Kankarbagh police station area, Rs 3 lakh in cash, one laptop and some medicines were stolen. An FIR was lodged by the shopowner, Sukesh Kumar, with the police station concerned. The police are trying to identify the criminals using the footage of the CCTV installed at the medical store.Criminal arrested with marijuana: Madan Mohan , an accused in several cases of crime, was arrested with 1kg of marijuana under Agamkuan police station area on Tuesday. According to police records, Mohan is an accused in seven cases registered with Agamkuan police station and one each with Bypass police station and Mehndiganj police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17485402", "title": "Geetika case: Cops want lookout notice against Chanshivroop", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police are trying to get a look out circular (LOC) against Chanshivroop - the key witness in Geetika Sharma suicide case who has fled to the US. Interpol's help can also be sought to bring back the prime accused to the country, a cop said. The US embassy and Dubai counterparts have been informed about Chanshivroop having entered their territory. \"He will be traced soon and brought back to India,\" the official said. Chanshivroop's father was questioned to ascertain if he had prior information about the same. Police is trying to track down the travel agent who had reportedly arranged for Chanshivroop's tickets.Chanshivroop boarded an Air Arabia flight from the capital on November 28, sources told TOI. The passenger details accessed by cops have confirmed so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17485486", "title": "Hospital faces staff crunch and lacks infrastructure", "text": "NEW DELHI: The oxygen supply failure at Sushruta Trauma Centre which claimed four lives on Tuesday is just one incident in a hospital where several things are waiting to go wrong. The 49-bed trauma care facility, which is run by the Delhi government, suffers from acute shortage of hospital staff. There is no MRI facility which may be required for various cases including spinal injury.\"At any given time, we have 80-90 patients admitted. Most of them are accident victims and need urgent care. But due to the shortage of staff and doctors, the services are affected,\" said a hospital source. He said that there are 55 posts for nurses in the hospital of which 20 are vacant.\"Four posts are vacant in the neurosurgery department, three in anesthesia and two posts are vacant in the radiology department,\" he added.Sushruta Trauma Centre, which is located on the Ring Road near the Inter State Bus Terminal, gets trauma patients from North Delhi areas, Sonepat in Haryana and Baghpat in Uttar Pradesh among others.\"There are few government hospitals in the region which has neurosurgery department so most cases are referred to us. We have arranged makeshift beds in the corridors to admit extra patients who are shifted to the wards and ICU - as required - as soon as the beds are vacated by others,\" said Dr Vikas Rampal, additional medical superintendent of the hospital.He said those cases which cannot be managed with the available infrastructure are referred to G B Pant and Lok Nayak hospital.The Delhi government has fiddled in the past about turning the hospital into mother and child care centre and shifting the emergency services to Lok Nayak hospital premises for better management.However, many experts say that the government should act to improve the manpower and infrastructure requirements of the existing hospitals as there is need for more trauma care facilities in the city. \"Road accident cases are on a rise. Most deaths occur due to delay in treatment. If trauma care facility is well-spread, many lives can be saved,\" said an expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17485374", "title": "Leopard\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s rehab needs caution: Experts", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While the UT Forests and Wildlife department has questioned the credibility of the Chhatbir zoo's report that injuries were suffered by the leopard during its rescue from the cable-carrying pipe underneath the IAF runway on March 23, a host of complex issues arise in its rehabilitation due to the fact that no one knows from which jungle the leopard came from.The male leopard is in the custody of the zoo, whose veterinarian reports a loss of two canines and a claw and is, therefore, deemed unfit for release in the wild. The UT has, on the other hand, sought the intervention of the Wildlife Institute of India (WII), Dehradun, to \"re-check\" the injuries and, if possible, have the leopard released in a wildlife sanctuary so that its \"hunting instincts\" are not lost. The leopard cannot be released in jungles near the Tricity as it can wander back into human areas. One of the options the UT is considering is Kalesar national park in Haryana. Some of India's top authorities on big cat management spoke to TOI on this complex case.\"I would advise the officials to first map out the past history of this leopard by verifying earlier reports from the area. They must conduct a thorough study of the locality from where the leopard was found. Previous sightings of the leopard can be mapped on a survey sheet to backtrack to the animal's origins. If the leopard has been driven out of the jungle by other animals or is injured, it implies it is not fit for survival in the wild. Release in a new forest, which the leopard was not habituated to, must be studied as it may get into conflict with other leopards. Since the leopard has been more than eight months in captivity, that also must merit consideration,\" said Dr B C Choudhary, Head of Department, Endangered Species Management, WII.World-renowned cat specialist, Dr Ullas Karanth, told TOI, \"Given the circumstances, including loss of canine teeth, it may not be wise to release it if it is now (being) maintained reasonably well in the zoo. In case, a decision to release it is taken, it should not be taken far away and released; that will lead to more problems. If at all released, this should be close to the site of capture, which will not be allowed by the IAF.\"Though officers battle over the leopard's fate, field studies conducted by renowned wildlife biologist Vidya Athreya, in Maharashtra on the leopard-human conflict can offer some perspective.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17486265", "title": "FDI in retail will not help farmers: V K Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Army chief Gen V K Singh slammed the government's decision to bring in FDI in multi-brand retail saying the move would not benefit farmers as procurement would be outsourced from other countries at cheaper prices.Joining in a Parliament gherao by farmers under the banner of the Rashtriya Kisan Mazdoor Sangathan (RKMS) on Tuesday, Singh demanded that the Rangarajan committee report on freeing the sugar sector be junked.On FDI, he said even when Pepsico came to India, it was said that it would help farmers but that was never the case. \"In India, we have an excellent model in terms of Amul to empower farmers. We can bring about the same change what people are trying to bring through FDI by making suitable modifications to the Amul model,\" he said.Singh said farmers would not be benefited because the multi-brand retailers would import cheap items from other countries and not procure them from within India.On the Rangarajan committee report, Singh said, \"No politician has worked for farmers. They get votes from you people by promising many things, but they forget that there is a community called farmers after the elections. Next time, when you go to the polling booth, think who will fight for you and then vote only for that person.''However, the former Army chief said he was not supporting any particular party but was only asking farmers to keep their \"betterment in mind\" before pressing the EVM button.The protesters gathered near Parliament Street police station, less than a kilometre from Parliament House, and raised slogans demanding that the report be rejected.RKMS's V M Singh said there was a need to raise a 'Kisan Sena' in the country that would fight for farmers' rights. He added that if the government did not pay heed to the farmers' demands, they would go on indefinite dharna at Boat Club.Dubbing as \"anti-farmer\" the Rangarajan committee report which has recommended phased decontrol of the highly regulated Rs 80,000-crore sugar industry, he said the prime minister and Parliament should not accept the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17484044", "title": "Teachers plan indefinite hunger strike from Dec 25", "text": "BHOPAL: The teachers would now go on an indefinite hunger strike from December 25 if the state government did not listen to their demands. On the second day of the three-day strike by the Adhyapak Sanyukta Morcha, more than 70 per cent of around 1,16,000 schools of the state remained closed. While in the state capital, more than 500 schools of the 1,300 odd government schools were closed.In a late night development on Monday, the state education department had declared the strike illegal but the teachers continued their protest on Tuesday as well.At Board Office Crossing, around 250 teachers formed a human chain to show their protest and demonstrated against the government by shouting slogans.Coordinator of the Adhyapak Sanyukta Morcha Murlidhar Patidar said, \"The teachers would go on an indefinite hunger strike at all the district headquarters from December 25. It will continue unless our demands are met.\"The teachers have been demanded for equal pay for equal work for a long time now.Meanwhile, the district education officer said that the information on which teachers remained absent from the school is being collected. Also, only 80 teachers were absent while the number is much higher.Officials in the department said that the government cannot suspend the teachers for protesting nor can they be dismissed for service. At the most a day's wages can be deducted for being absent, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17485489", "title": "'Book more cops for prostitution'", "text": "CALANGUTE: Calangute MLA Michael Lobo and panchayat members have demanded action against the policemen involved in the police-pimps-prostitution racket which has come to light recently. Addressing mediapersons on Tuesday morning, Lobo said that the two constables identified are only the tip of the iceberg.\"These sex rackets have been going on for the last few years and there are more than 10-15 policemen involved, not just constables, but also others who receive haftas. There should be a fair inquiry and the top officers should not bow down to political pressure. The two who have been identified should not be made the only scapegoats. All those involved should be identified and arrested,\" Lobo said, adding that the police should not protect the rogue policemen.He praised Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo for cracking down on prostitution activities in the Calangute-Candolim belt. \"He has conducted 20 raids so far since the new government came to power, and has managed to bring the situation under some control, but there are policemen who inform pimps when raids are going to be conducted,\" he said.\"Some constables who are involved in these rackets have been posted here for the last seven years. When they were transferred due to the code of conduct last November, they were posted back after the election after they used influence. They want to stay here because they get haftas from the pimps,\" Lobo added.Calangute sarpanch Anna Marie D'Souza, deputy sarpanch Victor Gonsalves, panch Joseph Sequeira and zilla panchayat member Abelina Menezes, besides others, were also present for the press briefing. Sequeira said that the panchayat has limited powers in this matter. \"The police have to act. But if they're protecting the rackets, there's no hope. The PI is good, but he's not getting adequate feedback from the beat police. The police here need to be revamped,\" he said.Sequeira also urged the residents of Calangute to check the antecedents of people renting out guesthouses and other premises. \"If the people of Calangute were not to give places on rent, this would not have happened. Just because they get a few more rupees, they give their premises for shady activities,\" he said, adding that the sex rackets are all run by outsiders. \"If you read the newspaper reports, nobody from Calangute is involved,\" he said.Menezes said it is really sad to see that policemen are involved in these rackets, when they're supposed to stop them. \"I feel we should not tolerate this. Every time we read the news, we only read about prostitution in Calangute,\" she said. D'Souza said it is a matter of great shame for the people of Calangute which has six women panchas. She said she along with the other women have even stayed witness during raids on such rackets. \"Here we are working hard trying to stop them with the assistance of the police and these same policemen are in the news for protecting these rackets,\" she said, adding, \"The whole world is reading about this and it will affect tourism here. Our name is completely spoilt. How are we going to stop them if the police are protecting them?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17484891", "title": "NMC loses special status, CNC Act repealed", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has lost the special act that governed it. The state government has replaced the City of Nagpur Corporation (CNC) Act 1948 with the Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporation (BPMC) Act 1949. The civic body will have to function under the latter act beginning Wednesday.Confirming the development, additional municipal commissioner Hemant Pawar told TOI the communication from urban development department (UDD) has been received recently. \"Deputy municipal commissioner Rizwan Siddiqui received a call from the deputy secretary of UDD on Tuesday evening about the notification replacing CNC Act with BPMC Act. We were awaiting the notification but did not receive it till late evening. Probably, the notification will reach on Wednesday morning,\" he said.Siddiqui confirmed the call and said, \"Officials from UDD said the notification will be sent on Wednesday.\"NMC came into being on March 2, 1951, and started functioning under the CNC Act. Of the 26 municipal corporations in the state, NMC was only the second, after Brihan Mumbai Municipal Corporation, to have its independent act. The remaining 24 urban local bodies follow the BPMC Act.The government started the process to repeal the CNC Act and bring NMC under the Maharashtra Municipal Corporation ( MMC) act, the new title of BPMC Act, in September 2011. The state legislature passed the same in 2011. Accordingly, UDD issued the notification on Tuesday.However, the government has not changed or repealed the BPMC Act.Though the NMC administration is yet to study the pros and cons of the new act, sources at NMC said that the new act may make some difference in revenue and as well as administrative works. The powers of office bearers, including mayor, will be reduced under the new act.Mayor Anil Sole said the government is targeting NMC. \"Public representatives should have powers to serve citizens. The government is slowly taking away all powers from mayor and other office bearers. BPMC Act will further reduce the powers. The decision was taken before inviting suggestions and objections from citizens. The government should decide after taking into consideration the views of the city,\" he said.Criticizing the government's decision, leader of ruling party Praveen Datke told TOI the city will be deprived of its glory. \"The decision was taken just to avoid a little paper work. The CNC Act was perfect for the city. BPMC Act will also reduce the powers of mayor, office bearers and corporators. We will oppose the move tooth and nail,\" he said.Leader of opposition Vikas Thakre said the new act requires to be studied. \"I am not aware of the difference between these two acts. Any act should be for the welfare and development of the citizens and the city,\" he said.Shiv Sena group leader Suresh Talwekar opposed the latest development. \"CNC Act was our pride. All citizens from the city should unite and pressurize the government to preserve the CNC act,\" he said.BSP corporator Kishor Gajbhiye too opposed the repeal of CNC Act. \"We will have to face loss in various ways. Our city had special significance but loses that with new act. The powers of corporators and office bearers will also be reduced to a great extent,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17485674", "title": "Fake profiles stump state women's panel", "text": "JAIPUR: The State Women Commission is clueless on how to solve the cases related to fake profile impersonification on social networking sites. The commission said they are receiving 10-15 cases a week. \"The commission has no cyber crime expert who can handle such complaints. We have signed a contract with RAJCOMP which will help us in solving such cases,\" said Lad Kumari Jain, state chairperson, State Women Commission.The cases of fake profiles on Facebook are becoming very common and most of the complaints received by commission is from educational institutes and corporates. The inability to solve such cases has forced the commission to direct the victims to the concerned police station. \"This is a practical problem. We can't be expected to handle such huge number of complaints,\" added Jain. \"My profile was created on Facebook and many of my friends were added overnight. The fake user sent derogatory remarks to my friends intending to malign my image. I feared going to police station and instead chose the commission but was disappointed when they did nothing on my complaint,\" said a complaint, who registered her complain a month ago.A member of the commission pleading anonymity said none of commission members are tech-savvy and aren't in a position to even understand the basics of cyber crimes. The cash-crunch commission is already struggling to carry out their invetigations, surveys and research work is not in a position to come up with any centre for resolving cyber related crimes.However, Jain was hopeful that soon their commission will find a route to solve the problem. She informed that they are coming up with am improvised website of the commission to receive complaints from victims online.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17485205", "title": "Andhra University engineering college gets World Bank boost", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Andhra University College of Engineering (AUCE) has been sanctioned a grant of Rs 12.5 crore under the Technical Education Quality Improvement Programme (TEQIP) by the World Bank through the national project implementation unit under the ministry of human resource development.A total of 10 state-based institutions and universities including AUCE have been selected for the grant that is aimed at strengthening their academic PG courses and PhD programmes in addition to improving the faculty background. A memorandum of understanding (MoU) was earlier inked between AUCE and the department of technical education, Andhra Pradesh, for the World Bank aid.\"AUCE has now identified around 25 PG courses out of the existing 40 on the university campus that require immediate attention by way of syllabus improvement. Also, there are plans to introduce a few new courses in the college as part of the TEQIP from the academic year 2013-14. The college has so far received Rs 2 crore and the rest of the grant will be released in a phased manner in the next two years,\" AUCE principal GSN Raju told TOI.As per the TEQIP rules, each project or programme is required to be designed on the basis of lessons learnt from the earlier experiences or implementation of similar programmes. AUCE has designed some projects to improve existing facilities like library, internet and laboratories of all departments.\"AUCE will come up with new programmes by the beginning of 2013-14 academic year,\" Raju hoped. Apart from the academic-level, other activities such as conducting national and international level conferences, paper presentations, inviting guest faculties for lectures and promotion of fellowship programmes would also be carried out with the funds as part of the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17489001", "title": "Shaan goes shirtless for debut film!", "text": "The makers of \"Balwinder Singh Famous Ho Gaya\" had a tough time convincing singer-turned-actor Shaan to go shirtless for his debut film.Shaan was surprised to learn that he has to go shirtless for a scene and didn't agree for it as he wasn't comfortable with the idea.Director-producer Sunil Agnihotri had to step in to convince Shaan.Agnihotri explained the nuances of the scene with Anupam Kher to Shaan and only after he was fully convinced did Shaan agree to give the shot.Later, Shaan came out of his vanity van wearing just a dhoti and delivered a perfect shot with confidence. The musical comedy film features Punjabi singer Mika Singh in the lead role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17487472", "title": "I am not planning to quit boxing: Vijender Singh", "text": "He got India its first ever Olympic medal for boxing. And now Vijender Singh is desperately looking for a Bollywood assignment. Currently employed as the honorary police superintendent with the Haryana police, Vijender has already had a few round of auditions with reputed production houses in Bollywood. And apart from an undying wish to act, a second source of income has pushed the boxer to look out for Bollywood opportunities.\" Main toh try maar raha hoon yaar ,\" he told us in his inimitable Haryanvi accent and added, \"I'm sure I will get something. I have already done modeling after all.\"He also mentioned that he is aware of fellow boxer Mary Kom's impending Bollywood debut and wants to see himself on the silver screen as well.\"Though I want to be in films, I am not planning to quit boxing. I want to act along with my sport. When I was a model I used to balance my modelling career with boxing and yet I was able to focus on my sport. I am sure I can do the same with films,\" said Vijender, adding, \"My wife is passionate about films and is encouraging me to try my luck in Bollywood.\"He revealed that apart from a longing to be on the big screen, there is another reason for him to opt for acting as a career. \"It will generate some additional income for me too,\" he said. In fact, people close to Vijender expressed their concern over the way the sport has paid the Olympian so far.\"He has just got married but the truth is he hasn't been able to earn as much money as his fellow sports people, the cricketers for example. He often questions, why boxing pays so little. ' Hum log mehnat toh kum nahi karte ,' he would say. But that's the harsh reality. His government job pays him around Rs 15,000. Obviously that's not enough,\" said a friend.Vijender reiterated: \"I am married now and I want to start a family. Earlier I used my modelling money to prepare for boxing. Now I need that supplementary income to keep my wife happy.\"Incidentally, Vijender had also landed a few endorsement deals after his Olympic victory. \"But sadly, his cricketer colleagues are more in demand,\" the friend added.But tell that to Vijender and he would compare himself to Mike Tyson . \"When Tyson didn't have enough money, he acted in movies. I can do the same,\" he said and admitted that he had auditioned for a leading production house recently. \"I went for an audition and I hope I did a good job. I was told I need to work on my voice modulation. I am ready to work very hard if they offer me a role,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17484880", "title": "Medical representatives observe daylong strike", "text": "NAGPUR: Medical representatives (MRs) across the country were on a daylong strike on Tuesday. MRs from various pharmaceutical companies in the city, under the banner of Maharashtra Sales and Medical Representatives Association (MSMRA), staged a dharna at Ambedkar statue, Samvidhan Chowk for two hours on Tuesday to press for their long pending 18 demands before the government.Later, a delegation of medical representatives led by MSMRA general secretary D M Deshpande met district collector Saurabh Rao and submitted a memorandum of demands to him for consideration by relevant authorities as some of them are related to the Union government, state and others to the pharmaceuticals companies.Deshpande said despite decision of a tripartite meeting held in 2010 and repeated persuasion by the Federation of Medical Representatives Association of India ( FMRAI) the central government failed to constitute the tripartite industrial standing committee under the influence of powerful drug companies.The central government is also reluctant to frame statutory working rules in SPE Act to incorporate stronger punitive clause with imprisonment for violation of the act or to enforce the ID Act, 1982, declaring 'sales promotion' as an 'industry'. The inaction of the government has encouraged the employers of violations of labour laws, conventions, agreements, settlements and to impose private working rules and 'exclusive responsibility of sales' on field workers so as to keep them outside labour laws and make their jobs casual without any security leading to victimizations.Bibhu Sen, MSMRA treasurer, said the state governments were also reluctant to effectively enforce labour laws, including giving appointment letters, leave facilities and rules and maintenance of registers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17485939", "title": "Upcoming mall sealed for violations", "text": "MADURAI: Acting tough on building rule violators, the Madurai corporation sealed a four-storey building in the city on Tuesday.The building in Ellis Nagar, said to be an upcoming shopping mall, was built on an area much more than that permitted by the civic body.\"The builders had obtained permission to raise the structure in 6,500 sq ft. But they have blatantly violated the approval and built the structure in 16,000 sq ft. We conducted an inspection and after confirming the violation we have sealed it,\" said M Rakkappan, chief town planning officer.The building belonged to Shulraj, a hardware businessman from Gujarat who runs a trade outlet in the city. He obtained the approval in 2010 and started the construction immediately thereafter.Now, the construction has almost neared completion, when city corporation commissioner R Nanthagopal received a complaint about the irregularity.The civic body has begun a survey of buildings to find the violators. \"We are preparing a report for every zone on building rule violations. For this, we have begun an assessment of buildings to find if there are any violations,\" said Rakkappan.He said that there was no deadline fixed to complete the assessment drive. The city corporation official said that once the report was ready they would start initiating action against the violators. \"Stern action would be taken against them,\" he said.Though the city corporation has time and again warned about irregularities in buildings, nothing much has been achieved in penalising the violators. The Local Planning Authority (LPA) stepped in and issued stop work notice to two buildings in the city limits for violations in July this year.Besides, collector Anshul Mishra as chairman of LPA had issued notices to 28 buildings and 20 layouts given approval by the city corporation without the approval of the local planning authority.But most of the alleged violators had managed to get reprieve from the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17486187", "title": "Navy chief was fed words by media: NSA", "text": "BEIJING: A day after Navy chief D K Joshi said he won't hesitate to employ rules of engagement with China if India's economic interests were threatened, National security advisor Shiv Shankar Menon implied India is uneasy about publicly committing itself about a naval role in the South China Sea because it might hurt Chinese sensibilities.Menon said Admiral Joshi was misled by reporters into saying that Indian naval ships would, if necessary, sail into South China Sea, the scene of dispute between China, Vietnam and Philippines .On the final day of talks, India and China reached a \"common understanding\" on the nature of the proposed framework for settling the border dispute , Menon said. But China's new leaders, including the next premier Li Keqiang, did not familiarize themselves with the dispute by meeting India's main negotiator on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17488404", "title": "Anil Kapoor skipped Dubai for personal reasons, says organisers", "text": "On December 3, in an article that spoke about Anil's over the top demands, we told you how following the actor's ratherexpensive list of requirements, the organisers of a Bollywood event in Dubai dropped him from the guest list.Following the article, the organisers got in touch with us to say that: \"As per industry norms, all stars who travel for events either paid or unpaid are extended certain courtesies which traditionally include air tickets for the actor and his accompanying staff as well as ground transport and hotel stay.\"They told us that Anil Kapoor's requirements weren't a one-off. They in fact stated: \"Anil is one of the easiest and most professional stars to work with. He doesn't have any unusual demands and travels with a very small entourage. And he did not attend this award ceremony because of personal reasons as his mother was admitted to hospital.\" \u00e2\u20ac\u201dMumbai Mirror Bureau", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17485739", "title": "Pamphlets across city trying to disrupt communal harmony", "text": "NOIDA: Two days before the Babri Masjid demolition anniversary, a group claiming to be a CPI(M) outfit distributed pamphlets reminding people to not forget and excuse the accused involved in the matter.The organization claimed that such pamphlets are being circulated in various parts of Uttar Pradesh. Police have assured that they will take stringent action against the people distributing the pamphlets trying to stoke communal tension.The pamphlet made serious allegation on BJP, Shiv Sena , Bajrang Sal, former Prime Ministers Narsimha Rao and Rajiv Gandhi in a clear attempt to destroy communal harmony.\"It is a serious issue. I have ordered a probe into the matter and stringent action will be taken against those circulating such pamphlets,\" said ADG (law and order), Arun Kumar.Police said action will not only be taken against the outfit, but also the printer of the pamphlets as it is a party to the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17485907", "title": "They follow a mix of western, local customs", "text": "Mangalore: Catholics of the Latin rite form the largest Christian population in the state. Their numbers is about 3.6 lakh spread in the two dioceses of Udupi and Mangalore. The earliest record of introduction of Christianity into this region goes back to late 15th century. Between the years 1498 and 1505 several priests, Franciscans and the Order of Our Lady of Mercy, worked in Cannanore and Calicut. In the beginning of 16th century Portuguese succeeded in opening settlements in Kanara and with them came missionaries. Contemporary Mangalorean Catholics are said to be descendants of Goan Catholics who migrated to South Canara between 1560 and 1763. The Christians who left Goa were mostly agriculturists, carpenters, goldsmiths, artisans, and merchants. Keladi rulers evinced great interest in the development of agriculture and welcomed them and gave them fertile lands. Some of them were also recruited into the armies of the Bednore dynasty. Though some Catholics prospered in these circumstances, especially those with large landholding, majority remained economically poor. If migration from Goa was the first wave, the second wave took place during the First and Second World Wars for better opportunity, to Mumbai. The third migration wave took place in the Gulf boom period of mid-60s, which saw the fortunes of Catholics here changing, making them one of the most prosperous communities of the region. Their contribution to education, healthcare, art, literature and social welfare has been immense. Fish and rice form the staple diet of most Catholics, Goan influence is seen in some of the delectable dishes prepared with coconut milk and curry leaves. Sanna (idli prepared with toddy or yeast) Dukra maas (pork) and 'Sheveo Roce' is one of the most popular dishes. The Portuguese influence can be seen in 'Pork Sorpotel' Pork Buffat which acts as a fit accompaniment for delicate Appam to 'Panpole' (neer dosa) or `Bakri,' thick rice roti roasted on a tawa in a banana leaf. Among the sweet meats 'manni,' a halwa made from rice, coconut, jaggery and spices, `mandas', a cake-pudding crossover with cucumber base are some must haves, but not easily available. Christmas is the Kuswar season, the array consists of more than 20 different type of sweets and savouries including the rich rum soaked plum cake. Despite western influence, the community still finds it roots when it comes to ceremonies. The Roce (anointing) ceremony, conducted before a wedding, celebrating the last day of virginity of the bride and groom and Voviyo (songs) during a Ros forms an important part of the ceremony reminding its roots. Some non-marriage traditions include Nove jevon (partaking of food prepared from new corn) during Harvest Festival (Monti fest). Christmas, Easter and Good Friday are their major festivals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17486082", "title": "Little Rann brims with water woes", "text": "RAJKOT: Ruling BJP might have once again tried to lure people with the promise of a regular supply of tap water. But what stands out in striking contrast is that there are around 4,000 saltpan workers in Little Rann of Kutch near Santalpur taluka of Patan district who have not been supplied drinking water for the last two years.Information gathered by RTI activist Pankti Jog has revealed that while the state government allocated funds for drinking water supply, the concerned department in the district has not created any facility for it.\"Gujarat Water Supply and Sewerage Board (GWSSB) stopped providing drinking water through tankers two years back. During the 2011-12, the government allocated Rs 25.48 lakh for the purpose, but not a single rupee was spent in this direction,\" member of Agariya Hit Rakshak Manch in Patan district Ghanshyam Zula said.He said thousands of saltpan workers living in abject poverty have to rely on private water suppliers to quench the thirst of their families. \"They have to pay Rs 1,200 per family per month to private suppliers. They can't come out from their debt due to this negligence from the government,'' Zula said.The saltpan workers migrate to interiors of the Rann from September onwards and they return in April. All this while they purchase water from private suppliers without being sure whether it is potable or not.A trustee of the manch Harinesh Pandya said, \"It is the duty of the state government to supply water to saltpan workers inside the Rann. We are thinking of approaching the court on denial of this right to the workers.\"Zula said officials claim that water is supplied to the workers by lease holders of saltpans which is untrue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17486589", "title": "Railway drive to check illegal passengers", "text": "RAIPUR: South Eastern Central Railway (SECR) has launched a drive in which the concerned officials are checking the tickets, ID cards and if the precautionary measures for fire is updated in the trains.The drive is going on in all the trains passing through Raipur station. After the instructions of railways for mandatory carrying of ID cards across all classes, SECR senior divisional commercial manager S N Mukherjee had launched the drive to keep a check on other aspects also.Mukherjee on Tuesday launched a surprise investigation to check on the RPF men and commercial inspectors in Bilaspur- Tirunelveli express. According to the ticket collectors, the passengers are producing the ID card without even asking for it, which shows that they are aware of the new rule.SECR has fined about 51,194 people collecting an amount of Rs 2,432 lakh in 2012 for travelling without tickets, not carrying ID proof and other minor offences. The figure shared by SECR said that around Rs 372.5 lakh were recovered in 2,31,242 cases last year which shows there has been a rise of 8% in the cases and fine this year.About Rs 62.44 lakh were recovered in November this year alone with 34,165 cases with an increase of 5.7% compared to last November.In another development, railways have added a temporary sleeper coach in Durg-Jammutavi (12549) express on December 4, Vishakapatnam-Nizamuddin Samta express (12807) on December 4 and 5. The coaches have been added sue to the heavy rush in trains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "17485554", "title": "College girl's rape: Pistol recovered", "text": "HISAR: Police have recovered a pistol from the possession of Sandeep, who along with his four friends, including a Haryana police constable, had allegedly raped a 19-year-old college girl of Barwala.The police have already arrested three accused -- Sandeep, Andeep and Mukesh.The victim in her complaint had stated that she was abducted while she was on her way back home on November 27, after the college and later raped by the accused.Two accused are still to be identified and arrested. Medical examination conducted on the victim on Sunday confirmed rape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17485414", "title": "State government begins land acquisition for Maitreya project", "text": "LUCKNOW: The district administration of Kushinagar has begun the process of land acquisition for Maitreya project and awarding compensation against it. Till Tuesday, they have acquired about 115.32 acres of land from 796 farmers. The payment for 60 acres of land has been completed while that for the remaining chunk would be finalised over the next two days.Officials say that 273 acres of land is to be acquired for the project's first phase, of which 17 acres belongs to the state government, which has been notified for the project. Of the remaining, another 115.32 acres has been acquired by the local administration. Officials hope to finish the entire land acquisition by the year end. District magistrate, Kushinagar, Rizgin Sampheal confirmed that issuance of compensation money has begun. \"During the four days of work, we have acquired 115.32 acres of land from 796 farmers. Against the land acquired, we have paid Rs 44.135 crore at a rate of Rs 38.27 lakh per acre (or Rs 945 per square metres),\" he said.In another development, chief secretary, UP Jawed Usmani, met representatives of Maitreya Project. , in the presence of principal secretary, state culture department VN Garg and commissioner, Gorakhpur division, K Ravindra Naik.While directing the officials to set up milestones for the project and achieve them in a time -bound manner, Usmani discussed different issues and concerns related to the project with the representatives. He gave January 15 as the deadline for acquiring the land for the project.Sources revealed that citing local intelligence input, he spoke to the representatives about the misconceptions about the project haunting the mind of the project. \"There is a huge communication gap between the farmers and the project management which gives birth to many faulty ideas about the genuineness of the project,\" said a local officer. In this regard, the Maitreya project officials have assured to issue a public statement very soon and hold interactions with the farmers in the field.It may be noted that the about two weeks ago, the Maitreya project management had placed it on their website that they would be moving to Bihar. In an official announcement, Lama Zopa Rinpoche spiritual director of the Maitreya project, said, \"For the past nine years, we have worked hard with Uttar Pradesh state government to locate the Project in Kushinagar, but because of very difficult issues regarding land acquisition, with the approval of Dalai Lama , we have now decided to build the Maitreya statue in Bodhgaya.\"What changed the course of events was a high court order in which one of the farmers has urged the court to direct the Kushinagar to give them the compensation against his land as soon as possible. The court directed DM to ensure that the compensation was paid within two months. At the same time, the administration opened its gate for other farmers willing to give their land.A little push from the administration and fear of losing the opportunity for development made farmers isolate the protesting fraction and get their due. Tourism department has been insisting that only a small group of farmers were creating the fuss over per unit of price of land to be paid as compensation. Sources said that the court order has finalized the price for the petitioner as well and the same amount is being paid to other farmers.Experts in the tourism industry are of the views that if the state government is able to provide the land to the Maitreya project management, the latter would never go. \"Kushinagar is a preferred site because of its religious importance which is the most important factor in the case,\" said one of them. Sources claimed that Bihar was providing only 30 acres of land. \"In UP, 115 acres of land has been acquired while another 17 acres has been provided by the state government. Together this is four times of what the project unit would get in Bihar,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17486701", "title": "Ex-SI wife found killed, cops hunt for auto driver", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have launched a manhunt for an autorickshaw driver they believe killed the wife of a retired sub-inspector near Red Hills on Monday night.Investigators said the assailant made away with the gold jewellery that 50-year-old Mallika was wearing after taking hear to a desolate spot and strangling her. Mallika is the wife of retired sub-inspector P Sadasivam, who was last attached to the Korukkupet police station.A police officer said Mallika, who lived with her husband on First Main Road in MMDA Colony near Choolaimedu, had gone to Kaveripakkam with her sister Tamilselvi to attend a relative's wedding.\"They returned to Koyambedu bus stand and Mallika saw off her sister in a bus going to Mogappair,\" the officer said. \"She took an autorickshaw to return home around 9pm.\"The officer said the autorickshaw appeared to have taken a detour instead of heading straight to MMDA Colony, a few kilometres away from Koyambedu, because Mallika called her sister on her cellphone and said she had caught an autorickshaw and was passing by Retteri Lake, more than 8km from the bus terminal. Mallika was wearing 15 soverigns of gold jewellery.When she failed to return home by 10pm, her husband grew very worried. He called relatives and friends to tell them that she was missing and ask if they had heard from her. Later he went to the Red Hills police station and lodged a complaint.On Tuesday morning, locals informed policemen that they had found the body of a woman near a lake in Red Hills. The victim was identified as Mallika.\"Her mouth had been gagged with a piece of cloth,\" the officer said. \"She appears seems that she had offered stiff resistance to her assailant.\"Though she was wearing 15 soverigns of gold, the killer only took part of the jewellery. \"That could be to mislead us and make us believe that it was not a murder for gain,\" the officer said.A senior police officer said investigators would not jump to any conclusion about the motive for the crime. He said more than one person could have been involved in the crime.Investigators are trying to establish if Mallika took an autorickshaw from within the Koyambedu bus stand or from outside and on Tuesday questioned drivers at the auto stand in the terminus.The investigating officer said there had been no similar crime in the city in the recent past. \"It is very rare for an autorickshaw driver to kill a woman passenger for her valuables,\" he said. \"We are tapping sources for suspects in such cases in the past.\"Mallika is survived by her husband Sadasivam, two sons and a daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17486483", "title": "Rooftop solar units under Anert's scrutiny", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: As part of setting up 10,000 rooftop solar power units across the state, the Agency for Non-Conventional Energy and Rural Technology (ANERT) is scouting for experts to inspect the quality of the power units being set up.\"We plan to set up a panel of experts in all districts to ensure that the solar power units being installed by different companies on rooftops stick to the safety standards and quality. We hope the retired engineers from the Kerala State Electricity Board or ANERT, with at least 10 years of work experience, would come forward to join the panel'', said ANERT director P Valsaraj.The empanelled engineers will be trained and provided with technical information required for inspecting the plants would be provided. At present, over 4,000 people have expressed interest for setting up solar power units being rolled out with the subsidy of Union and state governments.The experts (engineers) would be empanelled district-wise. The district offices of ANERT would coordinate the inspection of completed power plants. The empanelled experts are required to obtain the details of the power plants from the district office, physically inspect all components of the rooftop power plant and submit the report to the district office.Subject to approval, the empanelled engineers would be eligible for an honorarium of Rs 775 for inspecting each plant.According to ANERT authorities, the selection of companies competent to set up solar power generation units of 1 KWp (kilowatts peak) capacity is in the final stage. ANERT plans to select at least 20 competent agencies with adequate credentials and national presence.\"We are trying to ensure that the agencies, upon their selection, are willing to set up at least two customer care and maintenance units in the state. We also want to ensure that the services of these companies are available in every district'', the ANERT director said.According to the rooftop solar power project scheme, selected households will get Rs 1.2 lakh as subsidy. Over and above this, individuals will also have to spent Rs 1 lakh. As a first step, ANERT plans to set up 10,000 roof-mounted solar power units in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17485986", "title": "Can Dhoni &amp; Co pitch it right in the third Test?", "text": "KOLKATA: The 10-wicket loss in Mumbai hangs like an albatross around skipper MS Dhoni's neck as Team India brace for a fresh assault from a confident England side in the third Test that gets under way at the Eden Gardens on Wednesday.Losing a Test at home is no big deal, especially for a team that has time and again come back strongly in the past, but with India now having lost five of the six Tests they have played against England in the last 15 months, there is choking pressure on Dhoni and his boys to salvage their reputation in what is essentially now a two-Test series.A 4-0 whitewash in England last year cost Team India the coveted No. 1 ranking in Test matches. An identical setback Down Under not only left the team bruised and battered but also ended a couple of glorious careers. A further slip at the Eden Gardens could force the new selection committee to pull the trigger on a few others who are already under the scanner.These are desperate times for Indian cricket. Dhoni's call for rank turners is merely a reflection of the desperation in the Team India ranks. The controversy surrounding the Eden pitch and its defiant curator has hardly helped to ease the tension in the home team's dressing room. Clearly not having got the kind of surface he demanded, the skipper masked his disappointment by refusing to comment on the 22-yard strip that will be used for the game. His English counterpart Alastair Cook , though had no complaints but doubted whether it would produce a result.However, it is certain that the Eden pitch will neither yield as much turn or bounce as the one at the Wankhede and both skippers felt that seamers too will have a significant role to play.Bhajji ill, unlikely to playIt is unlikely that India will opt for three spinners. Harbhajan Singh , who was tipped to play his 100th Test at his favourite ground is the most likely candidate to make way for a pacer \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Ishant Sharma or local lad Ashok Dinda .Nicknamed the 'Turbanator' for his fabulous exploits with the ball against Australia in 2001, Harbhajan, who has picked 46 wickets from seven Tests at this venue, missed Tuesday's morning practice session, being down with flu.Patience will be the key on this track which is likely to play slow and aid spinners as the match progresses. It should be ideal for batting on the first two days and offers India's struggling middle-order a chance to turn it around. It's the sort of surface that Indian batsmen have been weaned on and it will test the young brigade's temperament rather than their technique as the home team looks to put a substantial first innings score on the board.All eyes will be on Sachin Tendulkar after his three successive failures in the series, but the Little Master knows what it takes to turn it around. Rarely have India failed when Sachin has contributed substantially and it will be no different here as his team looks up to him for inspiration.However, one person who is under most pressure is the skipper himself after his team was humbled by England on Mumbai's turner. Dhoni's own form with the bat is also a matter of great concern.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "dindigul", "code": "17485938", "title": "Residents in village seek speedy action on sewage work", "text": "DINDIGUL: Living amidst sewage is something that the people of Perumalkovilpatti village in Ambathurai panchayat in Dindigul district have been doing for the past few years. But with the mysterious fevers on the rise, residents now want the authorities to take concrete action, to tackle the environmental hazard.Alagarsamy Koundar, 85, who has been living in this village all through his life, said the Koundar street, which is the access road to the interior village had been flooded with sewage for the past six years. He alleged that authorities have turned a blind eye to their plight, in spite of regular representations.The region has no drainage facility and the outlet channels flow into the road. Villagers say that they are able to tide over this problem in summer because the sewage puddle dries up to some extent, but during the winter, it becomes a breeding spot for mosquitoes, due to which children and elders suffer from a variety of fevers.Pandi, 36, said children are forced to wade through the dirty water on their way to school and if elders are not around they also play in this water, thus falling sick. \"Mosquitoes are the primary reason for the different fevers that are affecting the people. We want the government to do something on a war-footing,\" he said.Women residents blame the Ambathurai panchayat president, Sivakumar, for not doing anything to solve the problem. \"Sivakumar, who belongs to the ruling AIADMK has been elected for the second time now, but he has not done anything to provide us with basic amenities even during his second term,\" they said.When contacted, Sivakumar said that there was a problem in finding a contractor to rectify and lay the drainage. \"We have laid the roads in this village and the drainage work is to be taken up,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17483904", "title": "Praveen stands by account of death", "text": "Praveen Halappanavar still stands by his account of events that led to the death of his wife Dr Savita Halappanavar on October 28 in the University Hospital Galway following complications arising out of a miscarriage. This follows media reports of an Irish Times journalist who has defended her reporting of the case while admitting that the sequence of the events may have been \"muddled\".The journalist Kitty Holland told a radio station she reported what Praveen told her and will await the official inquiry report.Praveen's solicitor Gerard O'Donnell told TOI over phone from Galway that the husband certainly stands by what he's been saying since her death though medical records don't have any mention of his request for medical termination of pregnancy. There were three requests by him and one in the presence of an independent witness, said O'Donnell.Hundreds of pro-life campaigners have seized this twist in the case and protested outside the lower house of Parliament, claiming the Irish Times story could lead to legalisation of abortion in Ireland.When asked about alleged discrepancies about when Savita was given antibiotics, Ms Holland told Newstalk radio programme 'Coleman at Large': \"All one can surmise is that his (Praveen's) recollection of events - the actual timeline and days - may be a little muddled.\" She was reported on the RTE website on Monday as saying Praveen is \"a credible witness\".O'Donnell said, \"We'd like a public inquiry where we can cross-examine Savita's doctors and nursing staff under oath. Only then can we hope to get a correct picture of what exactly happened.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17485449", "title": "Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar Central University fails to utilise Rs 80 crore UGC funds", "text": "LUCKNOW: Mismanagement and lack of proper planning have led to the lapse of University Grants Commission (UGC) grant of Rs 80 crore at Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar Central University (BBAU). The grant, if utilised, would have benefited the students, particularly dalits, as it was meant for development of academics and various other student-centred facilities and schemes.According to records available, the UGC, in the XIth Five Year Plan which ended in 2012, allocated a grant of Rs 168.27 crore to the university for various development and academic projects. The university received Rs 124.24 crore in installments over five years, of which it could utilise only Rs 88 crore. The remaining around Rs 36 crore lapsed. Further, since university could not utilise the first intallment completely, the UGC did not release the last installment of Rs 44 crore. As a result, students and teachers were deprived of development work worth over Rs 80 crore in the last five years.The break up of the grant allocated by the UGC shows that out of the total Rs 168.27 crore, Rs 145.91 crore was allocated for general development which includes construction of buildings, books and journals, equipment, campus development (roads, drinking water, electricity, computer centre, health centre and others, Rs 8 crore for fellowship to non-NET, PhD, MPhil students, Rs 10.78 crore for Residential Coaching Academy (RCA) and Rs 3.57 crore for seminars, conferences, appointments of teachers, day care centre, construction of women's hostels, internal quality assurance cell and other merged schemes.The UGC released Rs 124.4 crore through various installments, of which a sum of Rs 113.34 crore was for general development, Rs 5.50 for fellowship of non-NET, PhD, MPhil students and for merged schemes, Rs 5.39 crore for RCA . But, in the general development category, university could utilise only RS 82.45 crore out of Rs 113.34 crore. Likewise, of Rs 5.50 crore, Rs 3.28 crore was utilised for distributing fellowship, appointments, seminars, construction of women's hostels and other merged schemes, and Rs 4.91 crore was utlised out of Rs 5.39 crore for RCA.While the university authorities kept passing the blame on each other for the 'loss', senior university teachers blamed the officiating vice-chancellor for not being able to use the money. Teachers said the university administration always crib over shortage of money but the lapse of nearly Rs 80 crore proved there was no dearth of money, only a lack of management.\"Even after UGC extended the date to September 30 to submit the utilisation certificates for grants under various heads, the university failed to use most of them,'' said a university official. Interestingly, the university in the XIIth Five Year Plan of UGC had sent a proposal of Rs 1,200 crore under various schemes.When asked to comment, university spokesperson Gokaran Prasad said, \"The university received Rs 29 crore in February-end, hence, there was less time to utilise the grant. We had sought additional time from UGC to spend the money but the request was declined. The university will once again write a letter to UGC seeking more time to spend the money and also to release the remaining grant.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17485513", "title": "Cabinet mulls to raise govt's share in sanitation schemes", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav held a meeting of his cabinet colleagues on Tuesday to deliberate upon the proposals for approval related to government contribution to boost the handicraft industry, renaming of Sampoorna Swachta Abhiyan (Total Sanitation Campaign) as Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan (Clean India Campaign) and increasing the state government's contribution in funding of sanitation schemes and national micro-irrigation schemes. Guidelines of a policy aimed at boosting branding and intellectual property under the technology upgradation schemes of the state government were also discussed.The members of the cabinet were also briefed about the work underway to upgrade the super specialty hospital to medical college in Noida and multi-super specialty unit to post graduate super specialty medical hospital and college for paediatrics. The chief minister also discussed with the cabinet minister the proposal of the state government to sign a memorandum of co-operation with Bill &amp; Melinda Gates Foundation and other voluntary organisations to work towards better facilities for mother and child health and family welfare. The cabinet also gave its in principle approval to all the proposals tabled during the meeting. The formal announcement of the cabinet decisions is expected to be held before the state assembly on Wednesday, when the House meets.To encourage the handicraft sector, the state government has proposed guidelines to sanction a maximum of Rs 10,000 per handicraft unit as assistance to transport their products to exhibitions and melas held far away from the place, where they are manufactured. The government has proposed to entrust the director (industries) to hold regular meetings with the district industries centre to ensure that the benefits reach only to nearly 25 lakh small time handicraft producers.The state government has also proposed to hike the state's share towards contributions for construction of family lavatories under the 12th Five Year Plan from Rs 1,000 to Rs 1,400. This will be done after increasing the cost per unit to Rs 10,000 from existing Rs 3,500. As per the new break-up of the funding pattern, the Centre's contribution will now be Rs 3,200 apart from Rs 1,400 as state's contribution, Rs 4,500 as contribution under MGNREGS and Rs 900 as the share of the beneficiary.The state government put proposals to increase its contribution to micro-irrigation schemes from existing 10% to 40% even though the Centre's contribution would remain unchanged. As a result, farmers covered under the scheme would save 30% more as compared to the prevailing scheme.The government has also decided to bring amendments in the government order related to micro and small industries technology up-gradation policy 2007 to boost branding and patent certification of products in the segment. The government plans to annually contribute 1% or a maximum of Rs 50,000 - which ever is lower (of the total annual distribution cost of product marketed by the industry in this segment) to encourage branding of products. For patent of intellectual property/products, the state plans to contribute 75% of the total fee required for seeking patent. Similar contributions have also been proposed for consultancy services under the segment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17484748", "title": "Residents to sue NMC for sewage flowing in nullah", "text": "NAGPUR: Some 15,000 odd residents of Shastri Layout, Telecom Nagar, Gawande Layout, Jaiprakash Nagar, Khamla, Somalwada, Airport Road near Sonegaon police station, and some other localities in south west Nagpur have threatened to lodge a criminal complaint against Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). They are accusing NMC of not acting to stop flow of sewage water in the nullah passing through their localities.A storm water nullah, which starts from Jaitala and connects Gosikhurd through Khamla, Besa and Hudkeshwar etc, used to have crystal clear water. But now the entire nullah has turned into an open sewage line.Team TOI visited the area on Tuesday and found that despite having underground sewage system, drainage lines from many housing complexes and societies are opening into the nullah. \"Raw sewage is continuously flowing from sewage drains at many places,\" pointed out residents.This has also increased the health hazards for the people residing alongside the nullah.During the evening hours, the foul smell is strong enough to drive people away from the roads in these localities. \"You simply can't open your windows, or you will faint,\" said a resident of Shastri Layout Dr Archana Upadhyaya. She also said that the mosquito menace too has increased manifold.\"We have been requesting NMC to stop disposal of unprocessed waste into the nullah,\" said another resident RS Khurana, who along with other residents has launched a battle with the civic body.\"Ironically, we have become immune to the smell after some many years of living with it,\" said Khurana. However, he said that nuisance of the stinking nullah has increased manifold recently. \"This can be gauged from the fact that people residing near the nullah were forced to stop using use air coolers this summer due to the awful smell.\"As the city expands, the number of residents around the nullah has surged in recent years, far exceeding the capacity of the local infrastructure.\"With the number of residents soaring from some thousands to lakhs, the sewage system in the locality cannot handle the huge amount of waste produced. So, many builders, in connivance with NMC officials, have connected their drainage line to the nullah,\" claimed social activist and locality resident Vinod Tiwari. Many complaints have been lodged time and again, but the problem has remained as it is.\"If it is not attended to, we will be forced to lodge criminal prosecution, as allowing discharge of sewage in open nullah is an offence. We will also launch civil prosecution under various acts,\" threatened a group of residents in a complaint to municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane.Residents also wondered why NMC is collecting taxes from them when they are forced to live in unhygienic conditions.In response to the complaints, NMC said it lacks the capacity to process all the waste produced in the area, so it can only go into the nullah directly. Assistant municipal commissioner of Laxmi Nagar zone GM Rathod further clarified that a proposal has been prepared to construct a sewage line alongside the nullah. The proposal is awaiting sanction of the standing committee, as it will require a lot of funds.However, Khurana wondered how the corporation can neglect public health citing lack of funds when it has funds to construct community halls and ceremonial gates etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17484076", "title": "'Beaten up' by teachers 9-year-old kid dies", "text": "BHOPAL: A class 4 student who was allegedly assaulted by his teachers in a government primary school at Betul district succumbed to his injuries at the Hamidia hospital on Tuesday.The victim Aslam Ansari, 9, a resident of Pathakhera, in Betul district was allegedly beaten up by the teachers after a bucket was broken in the school. Police have registered case against the accused teachers - Biju Kumar, 40, and Vijay Ram Bhagat, 44 - on the basis of complaint lodged by his parents.The incident took place on November 16 when some boys broke a bucket in the school. The teachers beat up Aslam though he kept denying that he did it. He received critical injury in his backbone following the bashing.When his father Haidar Ansari, a destitute labourer, approached the school authorities with the complaint, the teachers allegedly gave him Rs 200 and assured him to meet all treatment expenses.When his parents took him to hospital, the doctors found that his spine was injured. After doctors at local hospital failed to treat him, the victim was later taken to Betul district hospital where also his condition didn't improve.The victim's father also went to Nagpur for his treatment. But Aslam's condition worsened. On Monday, his parents approached Pathakhera police station and lodged a complaint against the teachers. Police sent the student for medical examination to district hospital. He was then referred to Bhopal where he died in Hamidia Hospital on Tuesday.The Betul police have registered a case against the teachers under Section 325 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt) of IPC. One of the teachers Biju surrendered to the police after the complaint was lodged.\"The parents approached us yesterday. We registered a case and sent the boy for treatment. We cannot ascertain the actual cause of his death unless we get the autopsy report,\" said Anoop Nayan, station house officer (SHO) Pathakhera.Biju told police that they had only slapped the boy after they found him breaking the bucket.\"Teachers have admitted that they had slapped him once. And they also said that they had been supporting the family to meet the medical expenses, which is true. It's a complicated case,\" said the SHO.When contacted inspector general of police (IGP) Hosangabad range, Ajay Sharma told TOI that action would be taken in case teachers are found guilty. It would be too early to decide upon the actual cause of the boys death, he added.Surprisingly, the block education officer (BEO) had given a clean chit to the teachers after an inquiry in the same case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17484603", "title": "Sharp rise in rapes, molestations in 4 yrs", "text": "MUMBAI: Crimes against women such as rape and molestation shot up between 2008 and 2012, while cases of murder dipped, according to a white paper released by the NGO Praja Foundation. If the last four years are taken into consideration, vehicle thefts have gone up substantially as well.Activists say that in most instances of crime against women, the perpetrators are acquainted with the victim. \"Few cases of rape or molestation are committed by complete strangers. In a majority of cases, it has been observed that the accused is a parent, relative, neighbour or a man who made false promises of marriage to the victim,\" said a women's rights activist. \"When penal action isn't taken against a sex offender immediately, it emboldens him.\"According to data with Praja, north central Mumbai (Vile Parle-Bandra-Kurla) had the highest number of rape cases in 2008 and 2012. In 2009, this was the case with south central Mumbai (Chembur-Sion Koliwada-Mahim) and in 2010, south Mumbai (Worli-Byculla-Colaba-Malabar Hill).The Amboli molestation case of October 2011, where Keenan Santos and Reuben Fernandez were murdered when they tried to protect their female friends from harassment, drew strong reactions from across the globe. But a special squad to curb eve-teasing, which was launched with much fanfare in the west region, has lost steam.This August, the Bombay high court held that courts should not show any leniency when deciding cases where a woman's modesty was outraged and action against those found guilty should serve as a deterrent to others. The high court was hearing an appeal filed by Namdeo Agarkar against the verdict of a special judge, who sentenced him to six months in jail and levied a fine for trespassing into a woman's home and trying to force himself on her.Commenting on Praja's statistics, an IPS officer said Mumbai police's crime branch was well-equipped with special units for the protection of minors, women and senior citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "17484375", "title": "As statute protest grows, Egypt papers suspend publication", "text": "CAIRO: Tens of thousands of angry protesters took to the streets and squares in the Egypt's cities on Tuesday even as major newspapers enforced a news blackout to protest against the hastily-crafted draft constitution which will go for referendum on December 15.The march comes amid rising public anger over the draft charter and decrees issued by President Mohamed Morsi giving himself sweeping powers and immunize the Shura council from dissolution.The protesters dubbed the marches 'the Final Warning'. They chanted, \"We want bread, freedom and the to bring down constituent assembly\". Eleven privately-owned newspapers stopped publication on Tuesday in protest against the limits on freedom of expression in Egypt's draft constitution. The blackout was the sharpest strike yet in a new push by liberal and secular groups to defeat the draft charter, approved on Friday by an Islamist-dominated assembly despite the boycotts and objections of almost all non-Islamist delegates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17486764", "title": "Two arrested for thefts at bachelor pads", "text": "CHENNAI: Police claimed to have solved a series of thefts, including of laptops and mobile homes, from bachelors' houses in Adambakkam and Madipakkam with the arrest of two people. A hunt is on for the third member of the gang. The arrested were identified as Raji alias Rajesh, 32, of Ambedkar Nagar in Adambakkam and Kannan, 30, of Maduvangarai. Gopi alias Kulla Gopi, 35, is absconding.For several months, several bachelors living in Adambakkam and Madipakkam, most of them employed with IT firms, had been reporting a loss of laptops, mobile phones and valuables from their houses. Police intensified vigil and beefed up night patrol teams. During a check at Ambedkar Nagar in Adambakkam, police saw a gang of three men on a two-wheeler and tried to intercept them. The trio abandoned the vehicle and took to their heels. Police managed to get hold of Raji and Kannan, while Gopi managed to flee.Police said the gang targeted houses of bachelors who either kept the key at a common place for their mates to take, or left the door open. The gang members cruised the area on two-wheelers for at least two days to know where the bachelors kept the keys. They particularly favoured the houses of IT employees who came home at odd hours and slept keeping open the doors and windows. \"Bachelors should avoid keeping the keys in a common place. Rather they can exchange the information over phone,\" said a senior police officer.Most victims don't complain when they lose small stuff, thinking they have misplaced them, he said.Interrogations with the arrested duo revealed that they had so far stolen nine laptops and 11 mobile phones over two months. They said the rest of the loot was in Gopi's possession. Police seized one laptop and a gold chain. The two said they had given the laptops to Gopi as he had threatened to kill them if they didn't. Gopi, said to be involved in a murder, at times made them to sell the stolen goods and took the lion's share, they told police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17485906", "title": "Police had spun a chilling tale of romance, passion &amp; crime", "text": "MADURAI: Subramanian was baffled when his 20-year-old daughter Vasanthi surfaced alive at a police station in Trichy. He was under the impression that Vasanthi had committed suicide. In fact, he had performed the funeral rites to the body of a girl found burnt beyond recognition in his house a day ago.In December 2009 when this incident took place, the police were also clearly embarrassed as they had completed the postmortem report and certified that the body belonged to Vasanthi, then a final year college student. Vasanthi said that she had eloped with her boyfriend Venkatesan, 21, a first year student of the same college and sought protection from the police.It was yet another shock for the police as they were under the impression that Vasanthi's friend Nithya, 20, had actually eloped with Venkatesan since she was also missing from December 26, 2009, the day Vasanthi's purported body was found.This turn of events perplexed the police who then began investigating the identity of the charred body.But the real shocker for the police was when they started interrogation on the identity of the burnt body. It was a chilling story of crime and romance, they claimed. Vasanthi, police alleged, had conspired with Venkatesan and murdered Nithya. After burning her, Vasanthi had allegedly left her belongings on the charred body that led everyone to believe that it was indeed her. The police had then said that Vasanthi had asked Nithya to come to her house, where the former fed the latter with sleeping pills-laced food and doused kerosene on her to set afire.Police gave two motives for the murder. One was that Nithya too fell for Venkatesan and Vasanthi feared that she would steal away her lover. The next was that Nithya threatened Vasanthi that she would reveal their affair to the latter's parents.Police officers investigating the case then said that Venkatesan had a discreet affair with Nithya also. When Nithya started pestering him to marry her, he disclosed their affair to Vasanthi. Though Vasanthi was shocked at Venkatesan's confession, she was not willing to miss him and decided to eliminate her friend and classmate. Venkatesan too agreed to the plan. Now that the court has held that prosecution could not prove the case against Vasanthi and Venkatesan, police are once again saddled with the task of proving the killers of Nithya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17486189", "title": "Judicial activism boon for us: CM", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar preferred to do some plain talk on Tuesday.\"Judicial activism has been a boon for the government. Had the courts not passed strictures it would have been difficult for us to take some decisions . Many a time, the government faces political pressure and is unable to work. But directives issued by high court and Supreme Court enabled us to move forward,\" said Shettar, who was the chief guest at Advocate's Day celebration in HC.Chief Justice Vikramjit Sen appealed to lawyers to grab the opportunity and take a 'joint pledge to raise the status of advocacy by resolving that they will work more hard' . Referring to the March 2 incident , where lawyers clashed with mediapersons, the CJ advised : \"We must do our best to restore the lost prestige and not to repeat our mistakes.\"Shettar said the government will do its best to fulfill demands put in by Advocates' Association. Referring to constructing chambers for lawyers on HC premises, Shettar said: \"If you give the proposal, there won't be any problem from the government's side.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17484799", "title": "Panel recommends closure of graft-tainted Police Transport Organisation", "text": "HYDERABAD: A three-member committee has suggested winding up the graft-tainted Police Transport Organisation (PTO). In a report submitted recently, the committee said that besides corruption, the organisation has become a major financial burden.After the high-voltage kidnap drama of superintendent of police Lakshmi Narayana by dismissed PTO constable Giriprasad Sarma, Director General of Police V Dinesh Reddy had appointed a three-member committee, comprising additional director-general (Technical Services) Gopal Reddy, additional director-general (Coordination) VK Singh and inspector-general of police (PTO) V Venugopala Krishna, to look into rampant corruption in the organisation and suggest revival options.The members after weighing various options suggested that shutting down of the PTO is the best option in the larger interest. \"The organisation has deteriorated to such a level that now it is now beyond revival. The output of the organisation in terms of money is Rs 1.23 crore per year. Since we have in-house mechanics, PTO does not rely either on automobile dealers or other mechanics for repairs. PTO's mechanics help in saving Rs 50 lakh labour charges. However, shockingly to maintain these 100 mechanics, PTO incurs an expenditure of Rs six crore per year. Besides mechanics, there are over 450 other employees,'' a senior IPS officer, who is aware of the findings, told TOI.It is not just financial burden, the committee also found rampant corruption at PTO. Pilferage of fuel from its designated fuel bunks continues to be a menace. Incidentally, a few months ago, three PTO employees were convicted by a court for pilfering fuel from a bunk on the premises of the DGP office.PTO maintains over 10,000 vehicles belonging to the police department and allots them to police officers besides providing drivers. \"The best option will be to shut down PTO and amalgamate its staff with other wings of the police department. Since decades, the organization has been hitting new lows in non-performance. The committee members were unanimous about their decision to close it down,'' sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17485611", "title": "State civic officials visit Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon to study waste disposal, e-governance", "text": "GURGAON: Ninety-six officials from various municipal corporations, councils and committees in the state converged on the city on Tuesday to study the e-governance steps initiated by the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG). The officials also visited the solid waste management plant at Bandhwari to learn how to treat garbage and recycle waste material.During the visit, the director general of the urban local bodies department said the state government has earmarked around Rs 700 crore to assist all municipal bodies in the state to set up solid waste management plants in their areas. Some of the municipalities have already identified the location to set up the treatment plants while the others have been given a month's time to do so.\"The MCG is the best in the state in implementing e-governance and the state government wanted other municipal bodies to study and understand this initiative, so that it can be replicated in their jurisdictions as well. The visiting officials were told about the online tracking system, call centre and the pragati portal, among other initiatives, undertaken by us,\" said a spokesperson from the corporation.Meanwhile, the finance committee of the corporation, headed by the mayor, gave administrative approval of infrastructure projects worth Rs 14 crore. Apart from this, the committee also gave allotment approval for projects worth Rs nine crore. The committee has to first give administrative approval and only then the projects can be allotted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17488066", "title": "Curfew lifted in Srinagar", "text": "SRINAGAR: Life returned to normal in this Jammu and Kashmir summer capital on Wednesday as curfew was lifted from parts of the old city and tension eased following last week's sectarian clashes.After four days, curfew has been lifted in the Zadibal, Nowhatta and Urdu Bazar areas, a police officer said.Shia-Sunni clashes last week had led to curfew being imposed for three days. While the restrictions were lifted from most areas Saturday, it was reimposed in parts of the city after fresh clashes.On Wednesday, private and public transport moved as usual. Shops and other business establishments also opened up.Government offices, banks, post offices and educational institutions were, however, closed due to a public holiday in the state to commemorate the birth anniversary of the late Sheikh Muhammad Abdullah, the founder of the National Conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "17484973", "title": "Tibetan leadership call for international pressure on China", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: With the death toll due to self-immolation in Tibet reaching 92, officials in the Tibetan government-in-exile on Tuesday strongly urged the international community, including the UN, EU and US, to ask the Chinese leadership to address the long-standing grievances of the Tibetan people through dialogue.\"Lobsang Gendun, 29, a monk of Penag Kadak Troedreling Monastery in Seley Thang region of Golog in Tibet, with folded hands raised slogans after setting himself on fire, eyewitnesses said. Local Tibetans rushed to the spot, prevented the Chinese security forces from taking away the body, and took it to the local monastery,\" stated Central Tibetan Administration (CTA) here on Monday.\"With the wave of self-immolation continuing in Tibet, and the Chinese government's harsh response, we maintain our steadfast efforts to make the current situation in Tibet known to the global community,\" said the Tibetan cabinet. Meanwhile, the department of information &amp; international relations will hold a press conference on December 5 in Dharamshala to launch a new video, micro website to mobilize support in the international community.\"The international community must not remain an idle bystander. Governments, international bodies, human rights organizations and individuals can make a difference by intensifying their efforts to convince the Chinese government to resolve the issue of Tibet through dialogue. The self-immolators have been calling for the return of His Holiness the Dalai Lama to Tibet and freedom,\" stated the Tibetan cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17485733", "title": "Army \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcland grab\u00e2\u20ac\u2122: Centre likely to take action", "text": "JAISALMER: Rajasthan is likely to win its tussle over 483-acre prime land, also known as Girdhar Camp, with the Army as the Centre is set to take action against the force for non-payment of the requisite amount for the land. The land, barely one km away from Jaisalmer town, is in possession of the Army for the past 44 years.According to the district administration, the Army is neither leaving the place nor making payment against the demand note of Rs 414 crore for land. District administration officials claimed that many reminders for the payment have been sent to the Army authorities but to no avail. During the Army liaison meeting held on September 16, the administration has also expressed its annoyance over the matter and despite the Army authorities agreeing to deposit the amount at the current rates, have not done so, sources said. The issue is also under scanner of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) in its report.District administration sources said after the 1965 Indo-Pak war, the land was given temporarily to the Army on its request for the purpose of transit camp to park Army vehicles. At present, several five- and three-star hotels have come up in front of the Girdhar Camp and with the formation of the urban improvement trust in Jaisalmer, land cost in the area has shot up sky-high.The sources also said, as per the records, at the end of 1965 war, the land measuring 483 acre was allotted to Army in 1968 on the condition that it would deposit the money as fixed by the state government. At that time, the government had sent a demand letter of Rs 23.37 lakh, which the Army failed to deposit. Later, on January 14, 1977, the defence department had sent a letter to the state government saying it didn't require the land. After getting approval from the state government, the district administration cancelled the allotment on September 20, 1989. After some time, the defence department demanded re-allotment of the land, following which the state government directed that a transit camp be set up at the cantonment land allotted to the Army and told the force to immediately vacate Girdhar Camp. Protesting this decision, the Army filed two different petitions in the court. The court's decision was also in favour of the government, yet going against the said orders, the Army filed a case under the single-bench civil revision petition section 115, the sources said.Following the Army petition, the Jodhpur divisional commissioner was directed to resolve the issue. The divisional commissioner on October 27, 1999, sent a proposal and recommended re-allotment of the land to the Army under certain conditions.At the liaison meeting, the Army authorities were informed that if they pay for the land as per the district-level committee rates, the state government would consider allotting the land to them.District collector Shuchi Tyagi said Centre would be taking action against the Army for the non-payment.Meanwhile, defence spokesperson Col S D Goswami said, \"The Girdhar Camp land belongs to the former ruler of Jaisalmer, HH Maharawal Girdhar Singh, and was gifted to Ganga Risala of the Bikaner State Forces upon the merger of state forces with the Indian Army. Ganga Risala was re-designated as 13 Grenadiers Regiment. No formal written proof exists in revenue records of the gift as the rulers followed only traditional laws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17484871", "title": "K Keshava Rao writes to governor on Dharmana", "text": "HYDERABAD: Former Rajya Sabha member and PCC president K Keshava Rao on Tuesday urged governor ESL Narasimhan to use his discretionary powers and act independent of the Kiran Kumar Reddy cabinet decision in the matter of the CBI request for permission to prosecute roads and buildings minister Dharamana Prasada Rao in the Vanpic case.In a three-page letter, Rao reminded the governor of a Supreme Court judgment delivered in 2004 in a case pertaining to ministers of Madhya Pradesh, which said, \"when a council of ministers is disabled or disentitled itself to take a decision, the governor can act indecently.\" Rao also cited a case related to Gujarat fisheries minister Purushottam Solanki in which the state high court observed that the power of the governor in granting approval to prosecute the minister was well within the constitution. He said the cabinet in Andhra Pradesh was also disabled and disentitled as many of the members were facing criminal charges and found themselves as accused in the cases being investigated by the CBI. Admitting that men in high offices need to be protected from frivolous or vexatious investigations and litigations, Rao said they could not be excluded from the provisions of anti-corruption investigations and subsequent prosecution, if found necessary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17485622", "title": "Unabated encroachment of foothpaths, govt mute spectator", "text": "JAIPUR: Unabated encroachment of the footpaths almost on all major city roads is causing immense inconvenience to the pedestrians even as civic authorities and traffic department are mute spectators to the grave issue.Be it footpaths constructed on major roads passing from the posh localities including Civil Lines, C-Scheme, Tilak Nagar or on roads with heavy traffic such as Ajmer Road, Sodala and New Sanganer , encroachment by the house owners and shopkeepers have forced pedestrians to walk on roads endangering their lives.During a tour of the city, team TOI witnessed showroom owners have encroached the footpath opposite Opp Gate 4, Central Park , Prithviraj Road and C-Scheme. Moreover, owners are using the space as private property after beautifying the footpath.Similarly, many house owners in Civil Lines on Raj Bhawan Road and Bagat Vatika have developed a private garden after encroaching the footpath. However, authorities are acting as a mute spectator and failed to take action against the influential and other house owners.Jeewan Singh, a 60-year-old retired employee, said, \"With the traffic congestion increasing everyday, it is important to develop a proper plan to avoid accidents. Pedestrians and cyclists are always at a risk of being hit by a car or a heavy vehicle. Their safety should also be given due consideration.\"Meanwhile, the Jaipur Development Authority's (JDA) plan to develop footpaths on major city roads remains in cold storage .JDA officials claimed that they were directed to prepare the designs with an aim to avoid vehicular congestion and provide swift passage to pedestrians. \"As per rules, the actual height of the footpath from the road should be at least six to eight inches. However, on major roads it was proposed to develop different types of footpaths. The construction is done on few roads, however, the authority is not able to cover all major roads,\" an official said.For several roads which are repaired recently, it was proposed to reduce the height of the existing footpaths. Moreover, raising of the median of some roads was proposed to ensure that the traffic from the opposite direction do not jump the lane.JDA chief engineer Lalit Sharma said, \"The work to increase the median near Gopal Pura bypass and Gujjar Ki Thadi is already on. The work will be carried out for the entire city too. Further, the footpaths will be designed according to road width and vehicular movement.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17486585", "title": "Commission modified the order passed by district forum", "text": "RAIPUR: The Chhattisgarh state consumer dispute redressal commission (CSCDRC) has modified the order passed by district forum directing LIC to pay Rs 1,40,000 to the nominee of an insured resident of Korba, who died due to hypertension. The commission reduced the amount to Rs 70,000.In a complaint, the family of the deceased had stated that Hemlal had purchased two life insurance policies of Rs 40,000 and 30,000 from LIC in January 2004. In both the policies, the wife was made the nominee in case of death of the insured. Insured died the same year in September.The nominee filed for the claim, which the LIC repudiated on grounds that the deceased suppressed the fact that he was suffering from hypertension at the time of purchasing the insurance and thus was not entitled to any compensation.The family then approached the district consumer forum, which directed the LIC to pay the insured amount to the nominee.The LIC challenged the decision and the commission, comprising its president justice SC Vyas and member VK Patil, stating that nothing was brought on record by the respondent / complainant to show that she was entitled to double the value of sum assured in case of death of the insured.The commission further stated that we are satisfied that the payable amount was only the sum assured plus vested bonus and as the insured died in the same year of issuance of the policy, no bonus was payable and the amount payable was only the sum assured of the policy and nothing more.The commission however did not accept LIC's second contention that the deceased had not disclosed the fact about him suffering from hypertension. The commission found that no substantial proof had been brought on record by the LIC before the district forum in this regard.Merely on the basis of recording of blood pressure on some dates in the treatment book it cannot be said that the deceased was suffering from hypertension. Thus, the commission is not satisfied that there was any case of suppression of material fact in the proposal form and the district forum has rightly decided this question against the LIC.The appeal filed by LIC succeeded in part and they were directed to pay Rs 70,000 to the nominee along with the interest at 6% per annum from the date of filing the complaint till the date of the payment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "17486842", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcStar\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 garden from \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcLife of Pi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 still in shambles 11 months after cyclone", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: It forms an exotic backdrop in Oscar-winning director Ang Lee's film 'Life of Pi'. But today, the historic botanical garden in Puducherry sports a ravaged look. Even 11 months after cyclone Thane swept through the 186-year-old garden, the scars remain.Several rare and exotic trees and plants that were uprooted, have not been cleared while fountains, including a dancing fountain, the glass house, green house, theme gardens and nurseries are yet to be restored.\"Cyclone Thane caused extensive damage to the botanical garden. About 300 trees were uprooted and almost all trees in the garden were damaged in some way by the cyclone. About 80% of the top canopy was wiped out,\" joint director (agriculture) R M Harish Selvanathan told TOI. The garden was closed for the public to clear the uprooted trees and debris. The contractors removed most of the uprooted trees and very few are yet to be cleared. \"The department will clear the remaining uprooted trees and debris if the contractors fail to do so in a week,\" he said.The government proposed a project at a cost of Rs 7.5 crore to revive the gardens in three years in two phases and engaged the Housing and Urban Development Corporation Limited ( HUDCO) to prepare a detailed report. \"We hope to transform the garden to its past glory within three years. We also decided to plant new species of shrubs and trees,\" he said.The officials hold the contractors, who undertook the work to clear the uprooted trees and debris, responsible for the delay in sprucing it up. The botanical garden is the only one of its kind on the east coast in the country and remains one of the popular tourist attractions in the Union territory. The garden, which was established as early as in 1826 by the French on an experimental basis to analyze the crops that could be cultivated in the region, was transformed into a botanical garden. French naval officer S G Perrottet, who was also a botanist, was instrumental in developing the garden, spread across 22 acres, in the 1830s.After taking control of it in 1960, the department of agriculture developed the garden into a horticulture base raising medicinal and ornamental plants as well.There are more than 2,000 shrubs and trees of about 175 species, including endangered and exotic species that are found only in the Western Ghats and the Eastern Ghats.Some of the trees like Khaya senegalensis and Bombax (African silk cotton tree) are more than 120 to 130 years old.Reviving and restoring the garden to its earlier beauty will be a Herculean task, say officials. \"There are 28 plots in the garden. Every time we clean a plot we remove several tonnes of logs and debris,\" Selvanathan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17485993", "title": "Official penalized for RTI lapses", "text": "Mangalore: An official of Mangalore City Corporation (MCC) has been penalized for not providing information under Right to Information (RTI) Act to an applicant. Health inspector U Raghunath had not only failed to provide information to applicant B Prakash Bhat but also submitted an incomplete report to the commission. The officer will have to pay Rs 5,000 as penalty from his salary. Prakash had submitted an application under RTI to the then assistant health inspector Raghunath, who is now the health inspector, seeking information on a fake death certificate allegedly issued by the health section of the corporation. Prakash told TOI that the officer had given him conflicting reply. \"Since I was not provided with the information, I approached the state Information Commission. The officer had failed to provide the reply and informed the State Information Commission that the file pertaining to the information which I sought is missing,\" he added. The commission after hearing the parties sent a show cause notice to Raghunath seeking his reply as to why action should not be taken against him under Section 20(1) of the RTI Act. Raghunath had submitted his reply but the commission found it unacceptable and decided to penalize him. State information commissioner MR Poojar in his order stated that the officer should pay the fine either in full or in two installments from his salary. \"Raghunath should submit an action taken report along with chalan receipt of the payment of penalty to the commission,\" Poojar directed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17486785", "title": "Rowdy found dead near Vandalur", "text": "CHENNAI: Mohammad Ali Jinnah, a 26-year-old history-sheeter from Guduvancheri, was found dead on the roadside near Vandalur in the wee hours of Tuesday.Some passersby found Jinnah in a pool of blood on the Vandalur - Kelambakkam High Road near the Tamil Nadu Police Academy. Police sent the body and sent it to the government hospital in Chromepet for autopsy. Jinnah was named in the murder of a realtor in Urapakkam and the killing of another accused called Murugan. He is also an accused in a few cases of attempt to murder.After serving a jail term, he was released from prison six months ago. He got married two months ago to a woman who runs a beauty parlour in Tambaram.Police had recently questioned Jinnah about a double murder reported in Otteri.While police are probing if his death has connections to the Otteri murder, they don't rule out the possibility of his being a hit-and-run case. Based on a complaint from Jinnah's brother Abdullah, police have registered a case under Section 174 (suspicious death) of the CrPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "17485972", "title": "Don't compromise on values: Expert", "text": "Manipal: Expressing concern over the commercialization of nursing education thereby compromising on the standards, Dr Manju Vatsa, principal of the College of Nursing, All India Institute of Medical Sciences ( AIIMS) emphasized on recruitment of good teachers having adequate clinical competence and constant advances to improve the quality in the field. She was speaking at the 19th Annual Day of Manipal College of Nursing (MCON) was held on Monday. Applauding MCON for its phenomenal growth in the past 23 years, she emphasized the importance of compassion and integrity in teachers and sense of responsibility guided by ethics in students. She advised the students to aim at excellence and to remain updated with the latest trends to deliver quality care. Meritorious students of BSc nursing, PBBSc, nursing, post basic diploma nursing, Msc nursing, MPhil nursing and PhD nursing were awarded at the event. Tenzin Choekyi, a Tibetan student, who was awarded the TMA Pai gold medal at recently held convocation for the first rank, bagged most of the awards instituted by MCON. VC Dr K Ramnarayan said that success cannot be achieved through a tap on a screen or a click of a mouse. \"Students have become techno savvy while relying mainly on online information and following the instant mantra. But success cannot be achieved that way as it is an integration of several ingredients, like creativity, innovation, ability to reinvent and tact of thinking globally and acting locally,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17484960", "title": "MLA pays paltry tax for palatial bungalow", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: He lives in a palatial, three-storeyed house that boasts of a swimming pool and sits pretty on a 1,700 square yard plot of land in the upmarket ASR Nagar area of Seethammadhara in Visakhapatnam. Yet, believe it or not, all he pays by way of property tax to Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation (GVMC) is a mere Rs 2,400 per annum!In stark contrast, retired techie G Srinivas has to cough up about Rs 3,500 per year as tax for his humble 1,400 sft three-bedroom apartment in the well-to-do neighbourhood of Muralinagar.If you are wondering how GVMC has such a strange yardstick for measuring the value of these two properties, then wait till you hear this. The key difference between the two house owners is that the former is U Venkata Ramana Murthy Raju, popularly known as Kanna Babu, the Congress MLA from Yalamanchili.If one were to go by GVMC's calculation of house tax for a property in a posh area then residents of ASR Nagar, considered to be a locality inhabited by the rich and the famous and notified as a 'Posh area' by GVMC, would be around Rs 24 per sq metre. If the MLA's house is built on 717 sq yards or nearly 600 sq metres, then going by the prevailing tax rate of GVMC, the house tax should at least be Rs 14,000 per year. \"Well this is only a rough calculation - the rates vary as per the facilities inside the house. Just imagine for a house which has a swimming pool, how can the tax be just around Rs 2,400? Even Rs 14,000 is very less,\" confessed a senior officer from the revenue section of GVMC.What is even more shocking than the impunity with which rules are being bent to accommodate the rich and powerful, despite having to shell out such a low property tax Kanna Babu is yet to clear his dues worth over Rs 7,100 up to November 2012 to GVMC, documents available with TOI indicate.Incidentally, GVMC's main grosser is the house tax segment. The yearly revenue is estimated to be Rs 150 crore, followed by VLT (vacant land tax) at Rs 16 crore and non-tax (lease and shop rents) at Rs 6 crore. \"Out of Rs 150 crore, about Rs 20 crore lands up under the default list, including government departments. There are also cases where people try to hide facts on assessment records and we are trying to iron them out,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17488817", "title": "'KLTA' is no remake of Bhagyaraj's classic", "text": "There is a claim that Santhanam's maiden production venture starring himself and Power Star Srinivasan and VTV Ganesh, Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya (KLTA) is a remake of K Bhagyaraj's classic 'Indru Poi Naalai Vaa', since the basic storyline sounds the same.But the film's director Manikandan has denied it and says \"It is true that quite like Indru Poi Naalai Vaa , Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya too is about three men who try to woo a woman. But the treatment is totally different.\"\"Though the basic knot of both the movies sound similar, the story and screenplay are completely different. KLTA is a unique entertainer,\" added ManikandanWhile Vishaka Singh plays the female lead in this Manikandan directed, comedy entertainer, the music has been scored by Thaman and cinematography by Balasubramaniem. Stating that the three lead actors (Santhanam, 'Power Star' Dr Srinivasan and Sethu) have worked really hard for the movie, Manikandan says their acts will bring the roofs down.' Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya ' is ready to release on 21st December alongside Bala's ' Paradesi ' starring Aadharva, Vedhika and Dhanshika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17488601", "title": "We are going ahead with elections, says unrepentant IOA", "text": "NEW DELHI: The India Olympic Association's suspension from the Olympic movement will have far-reaching consequences. The IOA will no longer get funds from IOC and the officials will not be invited by the IOC to attend its events like the Olympics and Paralympics.The Indian athletes will not be allowed to compete under the tricolour but could be permitted to compete under the IOC flag. The Olympic Council of Asia and the Commonwealth Games Federation are also expected to follow suit, which will result in similar sanctions as far as the Asian Games and Commonwealth Games are concerned.The IOC had been threatening - in a series of letters in the past few days to slap sanctions on India for following the government's Sports Code in the IOA elections, which the international body insists is against the Olympic charter. The adherence to the Sports Code has been interpreted as \"government interference in the Olympic movement\" by the IOC.The suspension came just a day before the IOA elections, which top IOA officials said would go ahead as per schedule. IOA is holding the elections on the directive of the Delhi high court which has asked the sports body to conduct the polls as per its own constitution as well as the Sports Code. \"We are going ahead with the elections. We are yet to receive any official communication from the IOC. Let us get that first, which we will place before IOA's AGM tomorrow,\" IOA acting president Vijay Malhotra told TOI.IOC took the decision after it snubbed IOA's bid to send a two-member delegation to explain its position. IOA's incoming president Abhey Singh Chautala termed the decision as \"one-sided\". \"IOA has sent a letter to IOC regarding sending two officials to discuss the issue. There was no response from IOC. This is a one-sided decision,\" he told reporters.It has been learnt that IOC member in India, Randhir Singh, did not attend the meeting in Lausanne since the members of countries which are facing sanctions are usually asked to stay away from the meeting.That the suspension was imminent was evident from the development in the run-up to the elections. After a series of letters asking IOA to follow the Olympic charter, the IOC gave the first warning of suspension on November 23. Another warning came five days ago.Interestingly, IOC's decision has been welcomed by some former and current sportspersons who feel it presents an opportunity to cleanse the mess in IOA. \"As a patriotic sportsperson, this is the most embarrassing moment for me,\" shooter Moraad Ali Khan told TOI. \"However, given the mess in Indian sports in the last few years, this could be the best thing to happen.\"Sports minister Jitendra Singh termed the IOC's move as an \"unfortunate decision\".\"It is a very unfortunate decision for the sporting community. I still don't know the details but once we learnt about the mess we wrote to the IOC. They never responded.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17484522", "title": "Seven townships planned along Delhi-Jaipur expressway", "text": "NEW DELHI: Drawing upon the Delhi-Agra Expressway model, the government is set to allow development of seven new townships spread over 20,000 hectares along the proposed Delhi-Jaipur Expressway, resulting in a fresh real estate rush along the 265-km road.Senior government officials told TOI that the Haryana government has already approved in-principle the plan for three new clusters in Manesar, Pataudi and Rewari, while Rajasthan is expected to allow building four new townships in Behror, Kotputli, Sahapura and Chomu.The townships in Haryana would be spread over at least 6,000 hectares with those in Rajasthan are expected to occupy around 14,000 hectares. In both states, the projects would get special access to the expressway.The proposed Rs 12,000 crore expressway is in addition to the existing highway connecting Delhi and Jaipur, where a new city is being built in Neemrana as part of the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor which will have another half-a-dozen new towns that will spring up along the way.Real estate development is being offered as a sweetener to the road developer, who is also in line to get viability gap assistance to make the project financially viable. A final call on viability gap funding is, however, yet to be taken although the Centre does provide up to 40% assistance to infrastructure projects undertaken under the public private partnership (PPP) mode. But in these cases, the project developer does not get real estate rights.The projects are on the lines of the Yamuna Expressway, the road that connects Greater Noida and Agra. In the case of Yamuna Expressway, Uttar Pradesh government had acquired land for building the road as also for real estate developments. Jaypee, which is the concessionaire for the expressway, had then bought land tracts from the state government in phases.In case of the Delhi-Jaipur Expressway, the government will only acquire land for the road project. But the company that bags the contract for the toll road project through competitive bidding will have to directly buy land for real estate development.The move is significant as the Yamuna Expressway model had come under criticism for the government role in land acquisition, especially for real estate development. In fact, Congress leader Rahul Gandhi had joined villagers who were protesting against the Mayawati government's policy.The proposed expressway is likely to branch out from the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway somewhere between Mahipalpur and Gurgaon toll plaza. Portion of the expressway in the capital is likely to be elevated. The six-lane expressway will pass through Manesar, Rewari and Kothputli.Sources in Haryana government said the exact location of the projects along the expressway would be approved later although the approval has been communicated to the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI). The town and country planning department (DTCP) has also informed the district planning heads about the plan.Viability fundingThe government's move to allow development of seven new townships spread over 20,000 hectares along the proposed Delhi-Jaipur Expressway will be a boon for real estate development.The project will also act as a sweetener to the road developer, who is also in line to get viability gap assistance to make the venture financially viable.A final call on viability gap funding is, however, yet to be taken although the Centre does provide up to 40% assistance to infrastructure projects undertaken under the public private partnership (PPP) mode. But in these cases, the project developer does not get real estate rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17486592", "title": "Private labs to open shop in government hospitals", "text": "RAIPUR: In a bid to provide the common man an access to high quality advanced diagnostic facilities at affordable prices, the Chhattisgarh government has decided to enter into a public private partnership mode for setting up diagnostic facilities in government hospitals, primary and community health centres.Talking to TOI, Dr JP Mishra, director of state health resource centre ( SHRC), said, 350 locations have been identified for the purpose in the bigger districts of the state. The diagnostic facilities at these locations would be outsourced to private players, who would set up and operate the necessary infrastructure for pathological tests.The state government would provide adequate place for setting up such facilities at various hospitals and would also fix rates for the tests to keep them affordable for the people.Dr Mishra said proposals for setting up the labs would be invited soon on the basis of a laid down criteria. \"Tenders are being prepared for the project and private diagnostic centres who fulfill the qualifying criteria would be called in for negotiations and finalization of rates. Once this is done, the department would go ahead and earmark areas in the selected hospitals for the labs.\"Giving details about the diagnosis facilities, he said these would include X-rays, besides other routine pathological tests at all identified public health centres. Facilities for ultrasound, thyroid test will be available in district hospitals and tests for liver and renal function will be made available at community health centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17486200", "title": "Nearly 50% of seats reserved for women", "text": "BANGALORE: On the eve of the winter session in Belgaum, Karnataka released the draft notification of reservation in 209 urban local bodies, paving the way for elections some time in January or February.These elections will be considered a semi-final before the mega final in May, in case the BJP government manages to complete its full term. Interestingly, the reservation list suggests that nearly 50% of the seats of urbal local bodies have been reserved for women. This includes seven of the eight city municipal corporations barring the Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike.Releasing the draft on Tuesday night, the state urban development department invited objection by December 12. The list will be re-assessed and finalized before December 17.The urban local body elections were due in December-January but the crisis-ridden Jagadish Shettar government was keen on postponing it on grounds that they are awaiting the new census report. In the normal course, preparations for elections begin at least a year before the calendar of events is finalized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17485698", "title": "One tractor stolen daily", "text": "GURGAON: The farmers of Gurgaon have been left counting the cost, with one tractor stolen every week. The villagers have stepped up the security to tackle the problem, with some planning to install tracking devices on their machines.On Tuesday, when Gurgaon police busted the gang of robbers it was revealed that wanted criminals of Mewat region in Haryana and Bharatpur district of Rajasthan jointly committed crimes and stole 40 tractors costing around Rs 2 crore from Gurgaon villages in the past couple of years.Speaking about the modus operandi, DCP Maheshwar Dayal said while the gang leader, Umardin of Sheikhpur village in Mewat district, used to plan the theft and loot of tractors, which generally cost around Rs 4-5 lakh per vehicle, and then used to sell it for around Rs 1-1.30 lakh in different states. The selling of stolen tractors was handled by other members of the gang and they used to get between Rs 80,000 and Rs 90,000 for the deal.According to sources, the gang operated in such a coordinated manner that each member was given his due from the deal and they used to sell tractors in rural areas of other districts by erasing their engine and chassis number so as to avoid chances of being caught. The police suspect that a few of the stolen vehicles have been sold in neighbouring Nepal .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17486650", "title": "Temperature dips, heart ailments rise", "text": "KANPUR: The decline in temperature had given rise to cardiovascular diseases.According to doctors, the peak season of cardiovascular ailments had arrived. The experts pointed out that prevention of heart ailments in the next few months is simple by putting on a hat and gloves. Exposure of body to cold weather could lead to heart diseases.When the temperature goes below 10 degrees, the problems of heart and blood circulatory system go up. Similar is the case with paralysis. Most of the paralysis attacks are connected with cardiovascular and blood-pressure problems.\"The reason for rise in cardiac and paralysis patients in hospitals during winters is because the people are not aware of protecting themselves against the cold weather. They don't wear the right sort of clothes in winter and homes are often not well insulated,\" said Dr S Tiwari, at Ursula Horsman Hospital.Exposure to the cold raises blood pressure because the veins and arteries contract. This puts extra stress on the heart and circulatory system.Though winters see lesser diseases linked to breeding of bacteria and viruses, the fall in temperature poses an additional risk for those suffering from heart problems or high blood pressure.Detailing the risks and reasons of cardiovascular and paralysis attacks in winters, a doctor said, \"The risk of heart diseases and paralysis attack during the winter are twice as high as in summer. And these attacks in the winter is also more likely to be a fatal one than at any other time of year,\"Even the metabolism of body is also high in winters so is the oxygen need, which cumulatively increase the pressure on heart resulting into various complications. In winter, the heart is working against a heavy load, as if the pressure in summer is 80 by 100, it gets doubled and rise up to 140 by 150 in winter.Talking about the body maintenance in winters, Dr Arti Lal Chandani of LLR hospital said, \"When the weather is cold, your heart must also work harder to maintain body heat and your arteries tighten, which restricts the blood flow and reduces the oxygen supply to the heart.\"She added that all these factors can trigger a heart attack, especially in the elderly or those with existing heart disease.Doctors add that lack of sunlight is another influential reason which explains why heart attacks occur more often during winter.\"It's a fact that less daylight in the winter can worsen mood problems, increase depression risk, and also affect the heart. Studies have and found the people suffering from heart diseases have lower levels of vitamin D than healthy people,\" a doctor said.According to the doctors, flu is another factor which increases heart attack risk. However, the experts also advised the denizens to adopt some basic precautions, like avoiding dehydration and drinking plenty of water.\"Drink 10 glasses of water to keep dehydration at bay. Too much alcohol and high calorie food should also be avoided,\" said Dr Anil Gupta, a heart specialist.The body needs to be conditioned physically, mentally and medically to fight cold. Patients should not get exposed to cold conditions and the risks and precautions should be clear to prepare the patient.\"If someone is not in the habit of exercising, they must not start exercising suddenly. For those suffering with high blood pressure, early morning walks must be avoided,\" a doctor said.Strike by medical reps: More than 1.5 lakh medical representatives of the country observed one-day strike on the call of Federation of Medical &amp; Sales Representatives Association of India to press their 18-point demand charter.UP unit vice-president Arvind Tiwari claimed that entire sales promotion work was stopped. The medical and sales representatives of city assembled near LLR Hospital and held a meeting. Later, they took out a procession.The medical representatives are pressing their 18-point demands. The main demands are constitution of industrial tripartite committee for sales promotion employees, declaration of statutory working rules for sales promotion employees under SPE Act, prevent takeover of Indian companies by multinational companies and ensure availability of all essential drugs through compulsory manufacturing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17486237", "title": "Petroleum pipeline catches fire, three injured", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A major fire erupted in Indian Oil's Salaya-Mathura pipeline near Detroj in Ahmedabad on Tuesday evening. According to primary reports, the fire started after a blast in the pipeline carrying crude oil and injured at least three persons. The injured were taken to government hospitals in Kadi and Detroj.Fire officers suspect that the blast may have been caused by a puncture in the pipeline. Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) said they got a call from the Detroj village at 6.30 pm. \"It was a major fire spread over an area of at least 500 meters. The fire brigade teams from Ahmedabad, Gandhinagar, Mehsana and Kadi rushed to the spot. People staying in nearby villages were also warned about the incident and were asked to keep off the pipeline passing through the village,\" said a senior AFES official who had rushed to the spot with a fire fighter, two foam tankers and two water tankers.In total more than 20 fire fighting vehicles were used to douse the flames. Raju Desai, a local resident, told TOI that they heard the blast a kilometer away. \"Many of the villagers rushed to witness the fire. The injured were from Rudatal village, around 40 kilometers from Kadi. The villagers immediately informed the authorities. The fire was contained after four hours of continuous operation,\" he said.Senior district administrators also rushed on the spot to oversee the operation. The three injured are - Prahladji Thakore, Vanrajsinh Zala and Jitendrasinh Darbar, all residents of Rudatal village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17484183", "title": "Vendors shun shops in hospital", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A day after the government inaugurated the much publicized utility complex at the Capital Hospital, the shops remained closed on Tuesday. The allottees chose to operate from their previous locations inside the hospital.Fruit sellers and tea stall owners, who had started operation in the complex when health minister Damodar Rout and Khurda district collector Roopa Mishra visited the on Monday, downed their shutters and went back to their earlier sites. \"I sold fruits from the newly allotted shop on Monday. The sale was one-fourth of what I earned from here. So I had to revert to my original place,\" said Brundaban Sahu, a fruit seller in front of the hospital's casualty block.The vendors, including fruit and snacks sellers, are operating out of make-shift temporary tents while the new complex is a neatly designed business centre in \"U\" shape with staircase and ramps. \"People are yet to know about the new place. Our business will be hampered unless the whole business area is shifted at one go,\" he said.Chemists allotted shops in the new complex, too, are reluctant to shift. \"The new shop is 12 foot by 10 foot, around one-third of the size of the shop from where we operate now. It will not be possible to run the round-the-clock store from there,\" said Dharmendra Kumar Mohanty, a chemist. Mohanty said the current shop occupied by him is rented by Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC). \"I have taken this shop on rent till 2014. The hospital can't force me to vacate this space without allocating an equivalent place,\" he said. The new shopping complex had space for three chemist shops.Hospital authorities said they would ensure that all shops operated from the new building. \"We will ensure that the vendors shift to the new place so that the area occupied by them in front of the casualty block remains vacant,\" said Dr S N Swain, deputy medical superintendent of Capital Hospital.The government is planning to use the area in front of the casualty block to construct a building for the proposed post graduate institute of medical sciences, and expansion of the casualty block.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17486471", "title": "Sainiks skip meet, get show-cause", "text": "MUMBAI: While the Shiv Sena is defying norms so that it can maintain a stage at Shivaji Park as a makeshift memorial to deceased party chief Bal Thackeray, its corporators didn't even turn up for a meeting organized to pay homage to their departed leader. The party has issued show-cause notices to seven corporators who failed to attend the civic education committee meeting last month.Yamini Jadhav, Komal Jamsandekar, Shubhada Patkar , Sunayana Potnis, Suprada Phatarphekar, Anil Trimbakkar and Pramod Shinde are the corporators who have received show-cause notices from the Sena. Party group leader Yashodhar Phanse has asked them to explain within four days the reason for their absence.After Bal Thackeray's death on November 17, corporators paid tribute to him in various civic committee meetings before the meets were adjourned.The civic education committee meeting held on November 29 was expected to follow the same pattern - first there would be condolences and then adjournment. However, since seven Sena corporators did not attend, the strength of the committee members was not enough to have a meeting. Three-fourths of the members must be present to have a quorum.\"It is completely unacceptable that these corporators didn't turn up for the meeting. They will have to explain the reason for their absence,\" said a senior Shiv Sena corporator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17485737", "title": "Probe initiated into 'honour killing' case", "text": "JAIPUR: The city police have launched a probe into a suspected case of honour killing in which a man was killed by his family members for marrying a woman of his choice. The case has been registered against his family members by his wife on Tuesday, about 30 days after the man's death. Police said there are some loopholes in the woman's allegations and her statement is being verified.According to the police, the man, Uttam Chand (28) was a resident of Manoharpura in Jaipur rural. He died at a hospital on November 3.\"Chand had an affair with one Rajudevi and as the couple was from the same caste, they got married with alleged consent of their family members about one-and-half years ago. Chand had a rented accommodation in Kunda area in Amber and lived with his wife. Meanwhile, he started to become alcoholic and left his job with a private company recently,\" Amber SHO Gauri Shankar said.In her FIR lodged on Tuesday, the woman alleged that her in-laws were not happy with the marriage. \"They called my husband to their home in Manoharpura and beat him up after he refused to distance himself from me,\" Rajudevi has said in the FIR. She has made three members of her in-laws family, including the father, an accused in the complaint.However, in a statement to the police, Uttam Chand's family members said he had a fight with his wife after drinking following which she went to her parents' house in Naradpura area in Jaipur.\"Uttam Chand went to her house twice on November 3. It is being alleged by her in-laws that her family members beat him up. They say that Uttam Chand had returned home in Manoharpura in a drunken condition and was already injured. They rushed him to a hospital where he died,\" the officer said.He further said the postmortem report has not cited the cause of death conclusively. \"The report states that he had injury marks on his cheeks suggesting that he might have been slapped, but it was not the cause of his death. We are awaiting the viscera report to ascertain it,\" the officer added.The woman had approached a court following which the FIR was registered under sections 147,148,149, 302,342,384,120B of the IPC against her in-laws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17485493", "title": "Woman appointed guardian of 'mentally ill' brother", "text": "A woman has been appointed by a Delhi court the guardian of her \"mentally ill\" younger brother to manage the family pension due to him from Haryana government after the death of their parents. Her father was in Haryana Police.The court also directed the woman, a resident of Pitampura, to file the list of pension claim, which her brother will receive, before it for further directions for its proper utilisation for the welfare of her brother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17484654", "title": "Google India, eCommerce companies to bring Cyber Monday", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an effort to boost the online shopping adoption in India, all leading eCommerce players &amp; Google India have come together to bring the concept of Cyber Monday to India. The initiative titled 'Great Online Shopping Festival' is slated for December 12, 2012.The festival will see participation from over 50 partners including leading eCommerce, local &amp; classified, online travel sites and BFSI industry offering their best deals to customers all across India for 24 hours. The initiative is aimed at encouraging shoppers to adopt online shopping with a focus to reach out to first time online buyers. The participating companies will also offer special deals for the first time buyers on their websites.IndiatimesShopping COO Subhanker Sarker said, \"This is a very exciting time for eCommerce players in India and this event highlights the potential of online commerce in our country. The shopping festival will be a gala event for shoppers and the first time buyers will have the opportunity to explore and gain from deals across a wide variety of products.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17486542", "title": "Thiruvananthapuram central railway to offer valet assistance to blind passengers soon", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A sensitization programme conducted by NGOs last month for the staff of Thiruvananthapuram central railway station to make travelling easier for blind passengers seems to have paid off. The railway authorities are planning to make travelling easier for the blind by introducing valet assistance and maketing engineering changes for easy access to platforms.The authorities are also planning to provide a hotline number by which a blind passenger can request for a valet assistance making it possible for them to travel alone.\"We have spoken to an NGO, which is willing to provide volunteers for the job. They are interested in helping us. We just need to formalize things before rolling out the handicap-assistance offer,\" said V Rajeevan, additional divisional railway manager.The project will be part of a Rs 10-crore project for remodelling the railway station. \"We had bought escalators and invited tender twice, but no one came forward to do the job, so we are hoping to call for an expression of interest for renovating the whole station before the end of this financial year,\" said Rajeevan.The engineering staff, who also attended the sensitization programme, are now taking additional care to ensure that the renovated station will be friendly to the blind. The railway staff are also now careful during shunting and ensure that the designated handicap bogie which is supposed to be placed next to the engine has proper ramp access. The sensitivity programme was jointly conducted by Braille without Borders National Association for the Blind, and Chakshumathi, an NGO working for empowering the blind.Rajeevan said he has also invited the Palakkad railway division to conduct a similar sensitization programme for its staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17486685", "title": "HC directs I-T dept to vacate Bailey Road flat", "text": "PATNA: Patna high court on Tuesday directed Income Tax (I-T) department to vacate the bungalow (No. 6) on Bailey Road allotted to the chief commissioner, I-T (Bihar and Jharkhand), by March, 2013. The state government plans to build an international museum on the campus for which the bungalow has to be demolished.The matter came to the court after the Bihar government served a notice to the I-T department in March, 2012, asking it to vacate the bungalow within six months. Earlier, the state government had sent two letters to the I-T in 2011 to vacate the bungalow. In March, when notice was sent to the I-T department, the Indian government filed a writ petition in the Patna high court challenging the notice.Archana Sinha, the I-T counsel, said, \"This bungalow has been allotted to the chief commissioner, I-T since the British period. Under Article 294, the bungalow belongs to the central government.\"However, a single bench of Justice Seema Ali Khan had passed an order directing the I-T department to vacate the bungalow which was challenged by the I-T through an LPA. The matter came before the division bench of Justice Shiv Kirti Singh and Justice Vikas Jain which formed a committee to break the impasse. The I-T department was allotted bungalow No.5 on Strand Road which again was objected to by the I-T as it was meant for Grade-III employees. The I-T department again appealed against the order on which the court ruled that either the state government renovate it or the I-T does itself for which it would be provided Rs 25 lakh by the state government.The state government, however, did not agree to pay Rs 25 lakh, Sinha said, adding the matter came before the chief justice's court. The CJ, on September 10, asked the I-T department to make an estimate for carrying out renovation works as the I-T had informed the court that it did not rely on the state government's department concerned for renovation purpose and that the same will be carried out by the CPWD. The I-T department, this time, demanded Rs 1.25 crore from the state government for carrying out the renovation works which the government again refused to pay. The state government pleaded before the court that the CPWD's norms are exceptionally high.However, on Tuesday, when the matter came before the high court, the government represented by AAG-1, Lalit Kishore, told the court that the state government was ready to pay Rs 25 lakh to the I-T. On this, the court directed the I-T department to vacate the bungalow by December 31 this year. The I-T department, however, sought some more time from the court which extended the deadline till March 31, 2013.Sinha said the I-T department has been allotted bungalow number 5 and 6 on Strand Road. Bihar government will have to pay Rs 25 lakh to the I-T department by December 11, 2012, and also hand over the possession of the two bungalows to it in one week time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17486213", "title": "4-member panel formed to check paid news", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Press Council of India has formed a four-member committee to investigate the practice of paid news and to keep tabs on any other attempt to affect the freedom of the press during the elections in Gujarat.\"Since the Gujarat legislative assembly elections are shortly to take place, I am hereby appointing a committee of four members of the Press Council of India who are requested to visit Gujarat soon and make an extensive tour of the whole state,\" said PCI chairperson Justice Markandey Katju. \"After a thorough investigation, they are to report to me about any incidents of paid news or any kind of violation of press freedom, overt or covert, direct or indirect, in connection with the Gujarat elections.\"The members of the committee are Rajeev Ranjan Nag (convener), Kalyan Baruah, Sandeep Shankar and Neeraj Bajpai. The convener of the committee is authorized to appoint sub-committees and distribute work among the members in any manner he deems fit.Explaining its reason to form the committee, the PCI said that the Election Commission had detected a large number of cases of paid news in the recent Himachal Pradesh assembly elections. Paid news can result in the cancellation of an election result, and the result of a candidate declared elected in the UP assembly elections was cancelled on this ground, the PCI statement added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17483871", "title": "Minor's abuse sends shockwaves in school", "text": "The alleged sexual abuse of a five-year-old girl on school premises has shocked and upset other parents of children studying in St Sophia's School. Parents allege that the institution, located in Papareddy Palya, near Nagarabhavi, abdicated its responsibility, resulting in one of the students being attacked by a support staff of the case, in this case a school bus attendant, on the campus.They wonder how a school bus attendant could even enter the campus and get away after sexually abusing the child on the premises. On Tuesday morning, scores of parents joined the mother of the victim of sexual abuse in a protest in front of the school.The demonstrators traded heated words with the school authorities, necessitating the summoning of police.Shocked over the turn of events, the parents demanded the school declare a holiday on Tuesday. They were of the opinion that the incident of sexual abuse only proved the vulnerability of their wards. The school authorities were in no mood to oblige them.The parents said the children were the responsibility of the school once they were on the campus.\"Every day when we come to drop our children, we are supposed to stop at the gate itself. We are not allowed to enter the school and it is the security guards who take them inside. This means that the school is telling us that they will be taking care of children once they enter the gate. In this situation, how come the teachers allowed such an incident to take place in the school?\" asked one of the protesting parents, who did not want to reveal his identity.\"The toilets are visible to everyone, if somebody makes even a little noise, we can hear. Of course, we never allow any men or outsiders to go near our little girls. Let the law take its course. We will not come in its way. These people should be taught a lesson,\" school principal B K Yogesh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17485738", "title": "Except in Baga, govt permits 15 more deck beds per shack", "text": "PANAJI: Shack owners welfare society president Cruz Cardozo on Tuesday said that chief minister Manohar Parrikar promised to allot 15 more deck beds per beach shack, from the earlier five, except on one stretch in North Goa.Various issues were discussed at the meeting shack owners held with the chief minister in Porvorim on Tuesday.During the meeting, the chief minister agreed that one shack can get a maximum of 20 deck beds which is up by 15, Cardozo told TOI. Shacks along the Baga-end stretch will not be allowed to have 20 deck beds as the beach is congested.He further said that the chief minister gave a patient hearing to their grievances and assured them of allotting two shacks at Varca. Besides, the chief minister also agreed to the demand of the shack owners' delegation to sanction more shacks in Candolim .Regarding Palolem beach, the government is awaiting a report from the Goa coastal zone management authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17485301", "title": "Newborn girl found in bin was strangled to death", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the body of a day-old girl was found dumped in a garbage bin in Bhayander (W), the autopsy report on Tuesday confirmed that the child was strangled to death.A ragpicker had found the newborn's body lying in a trash can in Bakery Gully at 9.15am on Monday. There were blood stains on the child's nose and a dupatta was wrapped around her neck. The body was wrapped in a plastic bag that carried the name of Saifee Hospital, Charni Road. Investigators believe that the child's body was dumped late at night.The Bhayander police have registered a case under Section 302 (murder) of the Indian Penal Code. A police team has been interacting with Saifee Hospital officials. Investigators are also visiting maternity homes in the region to gather information about newborns.In October, a baby girl was flung out of a moving train between Naigaon and Bhayander stations. The CCTV cameras had captured an arm extending out of the train and throwing out the baby. The government railway police (GRP) has been unable to get any leads in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17485133", "title": "Four held for robbery at house with 17 dogs", "text": "NAGPUR: Crime branch has hit pay-dirt in the most intriguing crime of the year so far in which the robbers had managed to loot a family at MIDC in September despite them having 17 dogs. The cops have recovered some gold ornaments and a camera from the four all of who are first-timers in crime.The crime branch squad under senior inspector Madhao Giri has picked up Shaikh Azhar, alias Ajju, Ajit Choudhari, Manish Kakde and Sachin Uke, alias Khali, for allegedly barging into the residence of senior citizen Shakuntala Salunkhe, where she stayed with grand daughter Priya, with sharp weapons with the intention to loot the women. The armed robbers decamped with valuables despite the presence of the domestic canines.Police said that Ajju had information that the senior citizen had earned Rs20 lakhs following a property deal. Based upon the information, which later turned out to be wrong, the robbery was planned by Uke who needed money to fund the treatment of his pregnant wife. On the day of incident, the three had barged into the house while Ajju stood guard outside. Police said that two more culprits were part of the crime whom they are yet to nab.The crime branch had deployed their informers in the vicinity for the last couple of months to collect information about the shocking robbery. Loose talk by one of the gang members under the influence of alcohol led to the arrest of the four.Though it was initially speculated that the robbers were likely to have drugged the canines, it has now come to fore that the robbers used the simple method of scaring away the dogs with stones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17488206", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcSilent\u00e2\u20ac\u2122Emraan shoots for KJo", "text": "Losing his voice while shooting for one film couldn't keep Emraan Hashmi away from the other, especially as it happened to be a Karan Johar project.Four days ago, during the filming of Rajkumar Gupta's Ghanchakkar, Emraan had to scream from atop a railway train. After returning home, he realised his throat was hurting badly. It got worse and for the next three days, the actor could barely speak. However, yesterday, he had to shoot for Karan Johar's Unglee being directed by Rensil D'Silva, considering it was a combined shoot alongside Sanjay Dutt and the dates had been pre-adjusted accordingly.Yesterday,asourceclosetotheactor told Mirror, \"The last three days have been terrible for Emraan. The doctor has been visiting him but the medicines have taken their own time. He has terrible throat pain but he had to go for KJo's shoot.\"But how did he manage to deliver his lines in such a condition? \"Sanjay was delivering his dialogues loudly but Emraan, who was in the same frame, could hardly be heard. Of course, he will later dub for and rectify the scene. But the shoot was tiring and even now, things aren't looking good,\" the source said.Emraan remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17488787", "title": "Dream run for a true foodie", "text": "Cricketers and Tollywood celebs turned up for the launch of cricket writer Boria Majumdar's latest bookDressing room talk to world cuisine, cricket writer Boria Majumdar straddles both worlds with ease. On Sunday, he launched his book, Cooking on the Run, in association with Calcutta Times, at a city eatery. Cricketers Virender Sehwag , Pragyan Ojha , R Ashwin and Ajinkya Rahane and tennis ace Mahesh Bhupathi dropped by to share their experiences and anecdotes. And as Boria got them talking, a fun evening was ensured.\"For a sports reporter, taking time out for a meal is like dodging a deadly bouncer. There have been times when a bunch of reporters have shared a single pack of chips. That's how Cooking on the R u n happened,\" said Boria. He also recalled an incident when he was served scorpions in China. \"I was in Shanghai for the Davis Cup when the restaurant guys brought a live snake to me. They were keen to know whether I wanted it boiled or fried,\" laughed Mahesh, sharing a similar story! The guys were on a roll and it was time the swashbuckling Viru joined the salvo. With a dead-pan expression on his face, Viru had everybody in splits with his replies. When Rahane said that he was avoiding the curries, Sehwag immediately quipped, \"He is working on his six pack, you see.\"With all the clever banter, could Mir be far behind? He came up with a witty question. \"How would you like to have the English? Steamed, fried or grilled?\" he asked. \"I can only say that after the toss,\" Sehwag replied. Boria too had a fast one come his way. What do you want to eat before you die, he was asked. \"I want to keep eating and never die,\" he laughed. The Tolly gang turned up in large numbers too to catch a piece of the action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17485710", "title": "GIDC puts transfer regulations for plots in place", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Industrial Development Corporation (GIDC) has prepared transfer regulations to stop illegal transfer of plots in its various industrial estates. The regulations will be notified after approval by GIDC board, which is expected to meet shortly.The GIDC, which received much flak for alleged illegal allotment of plots to some of its employees and members of the board, has already come out with allotment regulations.GIDC's managing director F O Hashmi said, \"Transfer regulations will determine all kinds of transfer of plots, such as mortgaging, sub-letting and where an allottee wants to surrender his plot.\"In the absence of regulations, cases pertaining to transfer of plots were considered on case-to-case basis sanctioned either by the managing director or board of directors.\"As there were no regulations in place, it left a lot of scope for favoritism,\" said Hashmi. Currently, GIDC is grappling with the problem of how to take back plots in possession of some employees. Two months ago, 11 GIDC employees were slapped with notices asking them either to surrender the plots gained by then illegally or face action. The ultimatum issued has not helped GIDC in getting the plots back as just three allottees have so far offered to surrender the plots.Most allottees expressed inability to return their plots on grounds that they had either sub-let, creating a third party interest or given on mortgage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17485146", "title": "Maharashtra State Mining Corporation incurred loss of Rs10,000 crore, says MLA", "text": "NAGPUR: BJP MLA from Sakoli in Bhandara district has indicated that he would take up the matter of state-owned Maharashtra State Mining Corporation (MSMC) involvement in selling of coal and coal blocks allocated to it in violation of laws. MSMC was allocated four coal blocks, three of them in Vidarbha and one in Chhattisgarh in 2003-04.\"The very idea behind the allocation to the state agency was that it would make cheaper coal available to power plants which, in turn, would provide electricity at affordable rates to people and industry. But the politically-appointed chairman and bureaucrats heading it auctioned two blocks to private players and went back on the promise of setting up a power plant at Nagbhid in Chandrapur district,\" said Patole.The articulate BJP leader said he that would raise the matter in the winter session of the state legislature here next week. \"Had the MSMC taken up mining work, it would have earned Rs10,000 crore by a modest estimate. Moreover, power plants in the state would have got cheaper coal. But this never happened,\" he said. Even the coal share of 23% MSMC bagged after signing a contract with a Tamil Nadu power utility company did not help Maharashtra. The TN company, from its 77% quota of coal, started a power plant in the southern state. \"But MSMC failed to do so and later sold away its share in open market in gross violation of conditions on which the coal block were allocated,\" said Patole.\"The people of Maharashtra are victims of the illegal decisions of MSMC because today they are paying the highest price anywhere in country for electricity they consume. Moreover, the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution company is also reeling under losses to the tune of Rs6,000 crore, said Patole. Instead of exploring the coal reserves on its own, MSMC illegally entered into agreement with a private consultant. The said firm has doubtful credentials and is believed to be a fraudulent entity,\" the BJP MLA alleged, claiming that it has given all false information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17484410", "title": "Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company confines review of manpower to urban areas", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company (MSEDCL) has decided to confine its manpower review to urban areas only, following opposition from employees' unions that the earlier decision to reshuffle employees and form dedicated cells in rural areas made it difficult to provide services owing to long distances.The review initiated through the manpower (MPR) circular number 70 that was applicable for all areas, has upset unions. The exercise envisaged restructuring the deployment for addressing complaints swiftly.The MPR-70 had borrowed the idea of abolishing existing section offices in the company, from some distribution companies and utilities to improve the efficiency of the company. After facing strict opposition by the employees and engineers, executive director, operations, had stayed the process, seeking some changes.The circular MPR-70 follows the company setting up pilot centres at Jalgaon, Ahmednagar and other areas. The company claimed that the results were astonishing. Based on this MPR-70 was issued but the employees staunchly opposed it in rural section following geographically large areas where attending complaints would have taken a beating due to lack of infrastructure and accessibility.The engineers' association still has some issues pertaining to providing services to the consumers, which the association has raised with the company. \"We are demanding splitting up of the fuse call units and additional team for the junior engineer looking after the maintenance in particular area of sub-division,\" one of the office-bearers said on the condition of anonymity. He further said that as the new things would be implemented teething problems would continue to figure out and they would be resolved at once.As of now the company has issued new circular MPR-78 that limits the work only to the urban areas. \"In Nashik district the MPR-78 will be applied only in Nashik city area and in Malegaon city area, only. It will have nothing to do with the rural or semi-urban areas,\" chief engineer PU Shinde said.The MSEDCL will set up units dedicated to specific services to enable fixing of responsibility as well. The teams will release new connections, carry out repairs, address consumer grievances, maintain of system and collect payments etc will be attended by these units.At times if problems are not resolved - it could related to fuse call, maintenance issue or even the clerical things like change in names or appropriation of bills etc., same will be escalated to the senior officials, which will only help in making the officials accountable.\"We have a dedicated call centre already established. It can be reached round-the-clock on 18002333435, from where the registered complaints are forwarded to the respective units for carrying out the services required,\" Shinde said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17483935", "title": "No compound walls, toilets in many schools", "text": "BANGALORE: A government high school in Yelahanka boasts of 32 toilets (16 for boys and 16 for girls) while there are many schools that don't have even one. The scene is no different in other districts. In Mangalore, for instance, of the 932 government schools, 530 do not have compound walls, making it unsafe for children while 600 teachers' posts are lying vacant. With just three months left for Karnataka to file a compliance report under the Right to Education (RTE), it is the government schools this time which seem to be not adhering to the norms.Located at the Cockburn Road in Shivajinagar, this Kannada-medium government school has poor hygiene standards and lacks basic facilities. With no boundary wall to guard the school property and children, Hafizia Higher Elementary School shares space with a slum and half-constructed buildings with construction debris lying around.\"We had a compound wall but once it collapsed, slum-dwellers encroached upon,'' said a teacher. The school with only one toilet for girls also has no facility for drinking water. \"We get the water from the nearby mosque. The toilet of the mosque is used by the boys of our school as we do not have a separate toilet for them,\" informed the teacher.The scene is no different at the government Kannada Model Primary School in Pottery Town which has a playground but no compound wall. Making the situation worse, the ground faces busy stretches from three sides.The study done by NLSIU on 15 schools in Bellikuppa gram panchayat of Ramanagara district can be another eye opener. Of the 15 schools under the gram panchayat, 14 do not have separate toilets for girls and boys even after the implementation of RTE. Other facilities like library and playground are absent. \"Before the implementation of the act, one out of 15 schools had separate toilets for girls and boys. After RTE, there are no separate toilets still for girls and boys in 13 schools. Also, there were 38 teachers and 40 classrooms in these schools before the implementation of RTE act. Now, there are 45 teachers and 39 classrooms. As per the norm, there is a shortage of six classrooms. This shows that RTE has made no difference in relation to the infrastructure,\" says Niranjan Aradhya, fellow, Centre for Child and the Law, NLSIU, Bangalore.Even if one overlooks the ground realities, the statistics given by the department officials does not look encouraging too. According to the DDPI, Bangalore rural, as many as 40% of the government schools in the area do not have compound walls yet. \"We have 1,205 government schools in Bangalore rural. Around 40% of them do not have boundary wall or fencing done. Although the process of constructing the compound wall at schools is under progress, we will have boundary walls for 80% of the schools by March 2013,\" said HV Venkateshappa, DDPI, Bangalore rural.Most of the schools in Bangalore North too don't have boundary walls. \"Many schools do not have compound walls, but Sarva Siksha Abhiyan has sanctioned for boundary wall of 8,300 metres and around 80% schools in the area will have compound walls soon,\" said an official.According to experts, the schools will never be able to meet the norms with the deadline looming. \"It has been more than two years since the act came into effect and the schools are way short of required facilities. The last date to meet the infrastructural norms and standards is March 31, 2013, but schools have not started the development process. I think government should be blamed for the lackadaisical approach,\" says Niranjan Aradhya.Dismal scene in districtsGovernment schools in other parts of Karnataka are no better. Of the 932 government schools in Dakshina Kannada district, 530 schools do not have compound walls, 124 do not have drinking water facility, 600 teaching posts are still lying vacant and most of the schools do not have separate toilets for boys and girls. Similarly, out of 3,300 government schools in Belgaum, many do not boast of separate toilets and facilities like compound wall and adequate drinking water.According to N Shivaprakash, deputy project coordinator, Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, Mangalore, \"action plan to create water sources in 124 schools has been submitted to engineers of the zilla panchayat. These schools get sufficient drinking water from taps and borewells nearby.\"Government Lower Primary School in Sadashivnagar in Hassan district is a good example of official's apathy. The school with no separate toilets and adequate classrooms houses 120 students. \"In the annual report we have submitted, we have demanded for separate toilet facilities for boys and girls and additional rooms. We are waiting for a reply,\" said headmistress SP Durdundeshwari.(with inputs from Pavan MV in Mangalore, Alvin Mendonca in Hassan and R Uday Kumar in Belgaum)What does the act say?The Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act, which came into force on April 1, 2009, guarantees the provision of free and compulsory education to children aged 6 to 14. To fulfil this right, the Act requires all schools to comply with given infrastructure norms within three years. The deadline is March 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17485423", "title": "NRHM's 'ashirwad' for kids next week", "text": "LUCKNOW: Delayed by a month, the Ashirwad Child Health Guarantee Scheme is all set to launch next week. Preparations are underway at the state programme management unit of National Rural Health Mission in this regard.Earlier, the scheme was to begin in some districts on Children's Day (November 14). The reason behind the delay was the controversy that Pandit Singh, an MLA from Gonda who was a state minister in Akhilesh government, was threatening the chief medical officer to accommodate some of his candidates in the jobs advertised by the district health society for the scheme. Initially, the minister dismissed the charges against him but later he resigned on moral grounds.The scheme aims to achieve better standards of infant, child and adolescent health and check neo-natal mortality by reaching out to children in the field. Under the scheme, where all children below the age of 14 will be screened for various diseases, two doctors and two paramedical employees have to be posted in each of the 820 blocks of the state. Because of the non-availability of MBBS doctors, both AYUSH and Bachelor of Dental Surgery (BDS) doctors are to be hired for the scheme on contract basis for a year under NRHM.The scheme is meant to intervene and save children in 2- 14 years age-bracket from disease, deficiencies and disability. As per plans, NRHM would constitute mobile health teams that will visit all important points such as blocks centers, district hospitals and joint hospitals in their area to hold camps and screen children for diseases, deficiencies and disability. An MBBS doctor was expected to head the team. But if an MBBS doctor was not available, NRHM would rope in AYUSH doctor and dentists to head the team. The team would be supported by paramedic. The team would move on a roster basis and cover all villages under its domain. At the village level, pradhan, ANM, ASHA and Anganwadi worker would coordinate for the activities.They would move in a primary ambulance that would be managed by the district health society. The DHS would be controlling the teams in their districts while the work would be open to evaluation to district health mission, a body involving representatives of local administration, NGOs and is headed by the prabhari mantri (minister in-charge for the district). The network of ambulance would be besides the one coming up through emergency medical transport service. However, it will be linked to the 108 emergency number call center.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17484107", "title": "Adventure sports event from Jan 24", "text": "INDORE: For the adventure lovers of the city, there is a reason to rejoice. Madhya Pradesh State Tourism Development Corporation (MPSTDC) is going to organize an adventure sports event from January 24 to 29 at Choral. Six-day event will have something for everyone right from a kid to grown ups. Hot air balloon, para-motor, rock climbing , banana ride, motor boat ride, rifle shooting, water scooter, horse and camel ride would be some of the main attractions of the event.Regional manager of MPSTDC MN Jamali said adventure sports events are being organized to promote tourism in the reason. Choral is close to the city and it has wonderful scenic locations.\"This is the second consecutive year that the competition is organized at Choral,\" Jamali said.He further said event is being organized in January keeping vacation in mind so that more and more people can become part of this event. Tourism department is constructing restaurant, food joint, hotel and convention centre at the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17488551", "title": "'Conversation with Mani Ratnam' launched", "text": "The official book launch of Mani Ratnam's biography 'Conversation With Mani Ratnam' written by The Hindu Deputy Editor Baradwaj Rangan's was held at The Hilton in Chennai on Monday (Dec 3) attended by a huge number of people of Chennai.The specialty of 'Conversation With Mani Ratnam' is that for the first time even, Mani opened up about his life before films and also his passion for film making. This book is a treat for serious film lovers and the ones who wants to the know about a genius and learn from his experiences ever since his journey began.Mani Ratnam in his talk at the book launch emphasised: \"My role as a director is story telling not spreading any message. For me the story is more important than the visual.\" Mani made it clear that after passing out from a management school he makes film within his budget as films have to be made with production constraint.Early on, describing how he works with actors, Ratnam says he does not mind doing anything as long as the story takes flight from the script when it is being filmed \u00e2\u20ac\u201d \"so that there is some magic that happens\". This is the essence of Ratnam's artistry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17485162", "title": "Woman's dad, bro held for kidnapping her hubby", "text": "NAGPUR: Sonegaon police arrested three persons on Tuesday, including the father and brother of the 19-year-old complainant, for allegedly abducting the complainant's husband, and subjecting them to mental and physical torture. The kidnapped person, Rajkumar Upwanshi, and his wife Preeti had been whisked away from Manish Nagar at Sonegaon by the latter's family members in a car on November 29.Rajkumar and Preeti paid the price for falling in love outside their caste and community. A pregnant Preeti and her husband Rajkumar were kidnapped, tortured and threatened with dire consequences by the girl's family members. Today, Preeti is clueless about her husband's whereabouts.It is learnt that Preeti had befriended Rajkumar around a couple of years ago in Seoni. The couple had eloped in the face of opposition from both their families. They tied the knot at Wardha before fleeing to Madhya Pradesh.Later, the couple moved to Hyderabad, where Preeti conceived. The girl then contacted her elder brother Arjun, who worked at a construction site at Manish Nagar. Arjun invited her and Rajkumar to stay with him in Nagpur. The couple shifted to Arjun's place some time later.On November 29, Preeti's father Devisingh, brother Bhim, uncle Ramu, maternal uncles Mohan and Kamlesh Dakariya, and one Mahesh Kahar, came to the city in a hired car. They forced the couple to accompany them to Seoni, from where Preeti was allowed to return on Sunday.She was allowed to leave from Seoni, from where elder brother Bhim Nagvanshi, now arrested, had left her at an interstate bus stop. The family had assured Preeti that they would allow Rajkumar to go after some time, but he is still untraceable.Unable to trace her husband, Preeti approached Sonegaon police station, where the cops charged her family members with abduction, assault and rioting. Police have arrested her maternal uncle Kamlesh apart from her father and brother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17486525", "title": "Farmers to get financial help to get incentives in their bank accounts", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state agriculture department has put in place all systems for disbursing financial incentives to farmers through bank accounts, agriculture minister K P Mohanan said here on Tuesday.According to the minister, the data bank of farmers in all districts is ready and registration of farmers has been completed through Krishi Bhavans.To promote conversion of barren land into agriculture fields, the state would give cash awards to panchayats that convert maximum barren land to agriculture fields between December 1 and July 31, 2013, said Mohanan.As per statistics, Kerala has 98,014 hectares of land that can be converted into farm land. The panchayat that does maximum conversion during the given period would be given Rs 10 lakh as prize money. The second and third place winners would get Rs 5 lakh and Rs 3 lakh respectively, the minister said.The panchayat level committee comprising farmers, people's representatives and officials would Identify the additional land for agricultural activities.The government proposes to open 35 agro service centres for promoting mechanized agricultural activities. The service centres would train farmers on mechanized farming and rent out machines to them.The minister said that a host of subsidy schemes are being devised for the development of dairy and poultry sectors. The government would provide financial assistance of up to 75% to farmers interested in cattle rearing. Training programmes have also been planned to give farmers exposure and insight into production of value added dairy, meat and poultry products, the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "17486287", "title": "Gambling rackets busted", "text": "Davanagere: Davanagere district police on Sunday busted gambling dens and arrested 24 gamblers from three different places. They have also recovered Rs 49,080 bet money from them. Acting on a tip-off, Harihar rural police raided a place near Kondajji forest and nabbed 11 gamblers and recovered Rs 13,500 cash from them. Meanwhile, Hadadi police arrested 9 gamblers near Pamenahalli and seized Rs 34,800 bet money and 8 cellphones from them. Chigateri police in Harapnahalli taluk raided a place near N Sheeranahalli school grounds and nabbed four gamblers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17488566", "title": "IOA suspension: An insult we have called upon ourselves", "text": "Had it not been such a resounding slap for Indian sport, it would have been tempting to step back and hail IOC's decision to ban IOA; after all, which country would like to have a politician with a court case against him and an official who had been in jail for a year at the helm of its apex sports body?It could even have been the wake-up call that India has always needed to clean up a system that doesn't treat sport and sportspersons its raison d'etre; the truth, however, is that this is nothing but an insult to not just the country but to each one of us who want to see our athletes win against the world's best.Ironically, we have called this upon ourselves: for too many years, we have allowed our sports officials to enjoy the game called let's-make merry-as-sport-goes-to-the-dogs; quite a few of them have laughed all the way to the bank too, unabashedly exploiting its glamour, visibility and clean image. Only a few landed in prison, and that too only because they had become way too brazen to be ignored anymore.The IOC has, no doubt, taken this extreme step due to the machinations of a senior IOA official who was till recently part of the same setup; but it would be foolhardy to train our guns on the international body. The bottom line is that the Sports Code or government interference is not the key issue here; it is the wantonness of a set of officials and the system that allows somebody like Lalit Bhanot to come to power - that too unopposed.The suspension finally exposes the politics of appeasement and unanimous candidates that has become the bane of sport in India. Until this is eradicated and true democracy is allowed to prevail, our players will remain mere pawns in the hands of powerful politicians and bureaucrats; even our elite sportspersons live in dread, fearing their wrath for one wrong word or deed.The government is right in demanding a Sports Code. But it must also have a mechanism which prevents dubious people from taking their reins; preferably, this should come from within.That is, however, possible only if devoted sports administrators and distinguished sportspersons have at least an outside chance to get elected. Until then, we will have to live with this insult.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17486474", "title": "Chief minister must say sorry for Sidhu barbs: Gujarat Parivartan Party", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17486492", "title": "Class V now under primary section: State education department", "text": "MUMBAI: Amid all the confusion over the implementation of theRighttoEducation (RTE) Act, the state education department has announced that Class Vwill nowbeconsideredunder the primary section from the next cademic year . This move will be brought into effect keeping in mind the directive under RTE that every child in the age group of six to 14 years is entitledtocompulsory education .\"Classes I to V will now be considered under the primary section whereas classes VI-VIII will be upper primary . We are already working on a proper directive and a government resolution will be released soon ,\" said Sridhar Salunkhe , director of school education (state ). He added that schools will have to implement the change this year itself. \"This change won't affect school timings or work , so there is nothing to worry about ,\" he added .While education officials claim the change will not affect schools, many are worried that this will lead to confusion for teachers , who will now have to be trained again . \"Primary teachers are trained according to the current policy , so now they will have to work around this change ,\" said a suburban school principal . Salunkhesaid if need be, teachers can be trained again . A notice will be issuedtoschoolssoon .Experts said there will be confusion if thischange means that StdVwill now gounder the BMC's purview and won't be aided by the state government . \"The government funds education of students in classes VI to Xandthosestudying in classesI to IV have to pay fees. Does this mean that class V students will have to pay fees now ?\" asked Jayant Jain , president of Forum for Fairnessin Education .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "17485228", "title": "Devotees fume as TTD cuts down on additional laddus", "text": "TIRUMALA: The ripple effect of an alarmingly slow economic growth seems to have reached the kitchens of the famed temple of Lord Venkateswara, with the officials deciding to cut down on four additional laddus for devotees. Now, the temple authorities would give only two laddus, weighing 180 grams each, to each pilgrim at a subsidised rate of Rs 10 apiece.The Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) authorities defended the decision on the grounds that there was a shortage of ghee and chestnut, key ingredients of the laddus. Sources said that preparation of additional laddus cost the TTD a whopping Rs 60 crore annually.\"Though we cannot catch a proper glimpse of Lord Venkateswara, in spite of the hardship and long queues, we at least had the satisfaction of getting four laddus. Now that too is taken away,\" rued Kotam Chandragiri, a pilgrim from Nellore.About 50,000 pilgrims throng the temple everyday and purchase the famous Tirupati laddus which they consider sacred. The prasadam is also shipped to scores of people all over India and across the world. Earlier, other than two laddus at a rate of Rs 10 each, four laddus were given at Rs 25 each at the special additional counter on Laddu Padi tokens, which was very popular but understandably drying the temple coffers.The devotees continue to complain but temple officials are relieved because with the decreased quota of laddus, the distribution gets over by noon, which earlier continued well into the night. The devotees argued that the decision to cut down on the laddus is against TTD's decision to cancel free laddus and provide subsidised laddus at Rs10 (from the earlier Rs 5) per pilgrim. The mandate was to counter black marketers.\"If free laddus were taken away to stop sales in black, reduction in additional quota will also lead to the same problem,\" K Bhanuprakash, a temple protection activist alleged.Some devotees alleged that TTD was still sending laddus to cities like Hyderabad, Chennai, Vijayawada, Vizag at subsidised rate and also bearing the transport cost.\"We stand here for hours and often days in serpentine queues to buy two laddus, while devotees in other cities can have them all in luxury,\" Medam Vamsidhar, a devotee from Chittoor district summed up the general mood inside the temple. But the authorities are firm in not giving the additional laddus apart from the two that each devotee gets at a subsidised price. \"There is no question of giving additional laddus for now and I cannot say when we will be able to,\" TTD Executive Officer L V Subramanyam said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17484674", "title": "Still a week to go before Amboli eve-teasing murder trial opens", "text": "MUMBAI: Eve-teasing has again led to the spilling of blood in the megapolis, but trial in the marquee case in Amboli last year is yet to begin. On October 20 last year, 24-year-old Keenan Santos and 29-year-old Reuben Fernandez died after being beaten and stabbed for protesting against misbehavior and lewd comments passed at their women friends outside a paan shop in the Andheri (West) locality.The trial, though committed to a fast-track court, is set to commence more than a year later on December 13. The court will begin recording the statements of the first witness complainant Avinash Bali, who is a friend of the victims and was present at the time of the tragedy.\"We are losing our children. The government needs to take up the issue very seriously. The problem is that the laws have loopholes and need to be made more stringent. This will instill a sense of fear in those people who think they can get away with such crimes,\" said Keenan's father Valerian Santos, reacting to the Dombivli incident in which four minors and an 18-year-old are accused of stabbing a youth to death for protesting eve-teasing, and injuring another.Valerian called for strict punishment of the accused and blamed public apathy and erosion of a sense of morality for such incidents. \"Even in the case of my son, bystanders did not come forward to help. The public needs to react in such situations. The accused think that they can get away as nobody interferes,\" he said.Echoing Valerian's sentiments, Avinash said: \"We felt so helpless when no one came forward to help us. I had to defend myself with a bottle after one of the accused almost slashed my throat. I have already identified the accused and I am sure they will receive the maximum punishment\".The families and friends of both Keenan and Reuben are doing their bit to highlight increasing incidents of eve-teasing and lax action. A Facebook page they started soon after the incident has over 1.6 lakh members. Avinash (32) is an administrator of the group.The police arrested Jitendra Rana, along with Sunil Bodh, Satish Dulhaj and Dipak Tival after the Amboli tragedy. Keenan had died soon after the incident and Reuben died on October 30, 2011, in a hospital. The accused have been booked for murder, criminal conspiracy, using word, gesture or committing any act intended to insult the modesty of a woman and other offences.Mumbai: The Dombivli tragedy is a throw back to a similar act of violence that took the lives of two young men at Amboli in 2011. On October 20, 2011, 24-year-old Keenan Santos and 29-year-old Reuben Fernandez were brutally beaten and stabbed after they protested against eve teasers who were harassing their female friends.Although the case was committed to a fast track court, the trial is all set to commence a year later on December 13. The court will begin recording the statements of the first witness complainant Avinash Bali who is a friend of the victims and was present at the time of the tragedy.The families and friends of both Keenan and Reuben have been doing their bit to highlight the growing spate of such incidents. A Facebook page they started soon after the incident has over 1.6 lakh members. Avinash (32) is an administrator of the group.Reacting to the Dombivli incident, Keenan's father Valerian Santos called for strict punishment against the accused. \"We are losing our children .The government needs to take up the issue very seriously. The problem is that the laws have loopholes and need to be made more stringent. This will instill a sense of fear in those people who think they can get away with such crimes,\" he said.Valerian also blamed public apathy and erosion of a sense of morality. \"Even in the case of my son, bystanders did not come forward to help. The public needs to react in such situations. The accused think that they can get away as nobody interferes,\" he said. Echoing Valerians sentiments Avinash said, \" We felt so helpless when no one came forward to help us. I had to defend myself with a bottle after one of the accused almost slashed my throat. I have already identified the accused and I am sure they will receive the maximum punishment\".While Keenan died soon after the incident, Reuben died on October 30, 2011 in a hospital in Andheri. The police arrested Jitendra Rana, along with Sunil Bodh, Satish Dulhaj and Dipak Tival. The victims and their friends, including three women, were waiting at the paan shop when four drunk men came by. One of the drunkards purposely fell on a woman in Keenan's group. When Keenan and his friends objected, a scuffle broke out. The drunks left the spot only to return minutes later with more men. They stabbed Keenan and mercilessly beat up Reuben, Benjamin Fernandez and Avinash.The accused have been booked for murder, criminal conspiracy, using word, gesture or committing any act intended to insult the modesty of a woman, intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of peace, and also under sections of the Bombay Police Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17485399", "title": "Dip in humidity triggers allergies among many", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Plummeting humidity levels in the daytime is resulting in dry weather in the Tricity and this is triggering skin allergies in many people. Meteorological department predicts that for another 10 days, there will be no change in the atmospheric condition.People with dry skin mostly bear the brunt of this weather. They complain of skin allergies like eczema in which rashes come up in all the parts of the body. Children too need extra care. The day temperature (taken by the Met department every day at 2.30pm) shows that the humidity level has gone as low as 28% and in the past seven days, it has not gone beyond 54%. Met officials contend that dry weather will stop only when the humidity level goes up by 90% as then there is a lot of moisture in the air.Meteorological Department director Surinder Paul said that there are no chances that the humidity level will change in the next few days and it will remain below 50%. A skin specialist in government multi speciality hospital Sector 16 said that because of dry weather, patients with skin allergies are making a beeline. He pointed out that to avoid this, people need to massage their body with oil after bath and if possible, they can also apply oil on their body late in the evening before going to bed. People with dry skin should wear cotton clothes inside the winter wears so that woollen clothes do not come in direct contact with the body.'Use moisturizing soaps'Plummeting humidity levels in the daytime is resulting in dry weather in the Tricity and this is triggering skin allergies in many people. Meteorological department predicts that for another 10 days, there will be no change in the atmospheric condition.He said that dry weather also triggers dandruff so people should use anti-dandruff shampoo and also moisturizing soap to avoid rashes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17484991", "title": "'Meet deadline for criminal tracking project'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Director general of National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB) Shafi Alam on Tuesday asked top cops of Punjab, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh and Chandigarh to ensure that they meet the December 25 deadline for implementing the pilot project of the crime-criminal tracking network and system (CCTNS) in their areas.NCRB chief was interacting with police officials of the three states in the opening session of a two-day workshop on CCTNS, district police lines in Panchkula.Panchkula and Gurgaon are the two cities shortlisted by Haryana police for the launch of the project. CCTNS is aimed at creating a comprehensive and integrated system for enhancing efficiency of police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17486079", "title": "Rs 1000 cr booster dose for Madikeri?", "text": "Mysore: Federation of Karnataka Chambers of Commerce &amp; Industry and Kodagu District Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry are all set to woo investors in the hospitality industry, education, garments and tourism to the \"Kashmir of the south\". At Kodagu Business Development Summit scheduled for December 18, FKCCI will facilitate investors and government agencies to set up various industries in the district. FKCCI is expecting an investment of up to Rs 1,000 crore during the meet, which is expected to be inaugurated by chief minister Jagadish Shettar. FKCCI president K Shiva Shanmugam told reporters that Kodagu has the potential to grow in many sectors. \"We want to encourage investment in Kodagu, as it will help in its overall development. Preliminary meetings have been conducted with locals, and many of them have agreed to support environment-friendly medium-scale ventures,\" he added. \"We have come out with proposals like hi-tech nursery, residential schools, bee-keeping, garment firms, food-processing industry, cold-storage facility, IT industries, besides those tapping the district's rich tourism potential by providing facilities at all tourist spots. These projects are viable and will not harm the nature in anyway,\" Shanmugam claimed. Kodagu has not seen any development in the recent past, and it lacks big industries and necessary infrastructure. Many people are migrating from Kodagu to neighbouring districts like Mysore, Dakshina Kannada and Bangalore for higher education and employment. \"Setting up industries here will ensure development in the near next five years,\" the FKCCI chief felt. In industrial and infrastructural development, land plays a major role. \"Therefore, we have taken many land owners into confidence, and they have shown interest in sharing their property to establish industries,\" Shanmugam claimed, adding that FKCCI will act as a facilitator between investors, locals, and government agencies. \"We have felt the need to have cold storage facilities in Somawarpet, Madikeri and Virajpet which contribute to nearly 2.35 lakh tonnes of coffee meant for export. We have also identified land for mini airport in Somwarpet. Our aim is to wipe out imbalance in economic growth in the state,\" he added. The FKCCI chief said that they are expecting nearly 50 investors at the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chhapra", "code": "17486607", "title": "'Maoists' set afire materials worth Rs 1 crore", "text": "CHHAPRA: About 20-25 youth suspected to be Naxalites on Monday ransacked the base camp of a private road construction company Madhucon at village Shivrahiya under Garkha police station in Saran district. They set afire a generator set, a small transformer, one bike, road roller, welding machine and other materials of the road construction firm worth over Rs 1crore .Saran range DIG Alok Kumar visited the site on Tuesday to make an on the spot inquiry into the incident. SDPO Ravindra Kumar said, \"The company is engaged in construction of an overbridge on Chhapra- Sonepur section of East Central Railways (ECR) along with conversion of existing Chhapra-Sonepur-NH into a four lane road.\" The SDPO said while leaving the place, the criminals left some handbills in which they had directed the road construction company to stop the works. No arrest has been done so far in this connection, the SDPO said. According to locals some of the homeguard jawans were made captive by the miscreants, who later released them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17486251", "title": "Treat all regions, communities equally, says Markandeya Katju", "text": "MANGALORE: Press Council of India (PCI) chairman justice Markandeya Katju said that all communities, regions and lingual groups in the nation should be given equal respect and treated equally. Delivering the sixth silver jubilee endowment lecture at SDM Law College and Centre for Post Graduate Studies and Research in Law here on Tuesday, he said, \"India is characterized by its tremendous diversity, which is broadly due to the fact that it is a large country of immigrants. Hence, to bring the country together, it is essential that all the communities, regions and lingual groups should be given equal importance and Articles 14 to 18 and Article 25 of the Constitution demand the same.\" Ours is a federal government, which caters to the regional aspirations, he said. \"In a country of such tremendous diversity, federalism is a absolute necessity,\" he added. Lauding the efforts of national leaders including Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru, Katju said that because of the greatness of those leaders, the nation remained secular. \"There must have been tremendous pressure on Pandit Nehru and other leaders to declare India a Hindu state. It is the greatness of our leaders that they kept a cool head and declared our nation a secular state,\" he added. \"India must remain united, because only a united India can provide the huge market, which modern industry must have. Only modern industry can generate the wealth required to lift our people from poverty and other social evils,\" he added. PCI member Rajeev Ranjan Nag, SDM Education Society secretary Yashovarma and SDM Law College principal BK Raveendra were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17484900", "title": "Class II girl drowns in sump", "text": "A seven-year-old girl accidentally drowned in a sump at her house in Ramanthapur while playing with her sister on Tuesday. The victim, Manasa, is a class II student from Venkata Reddy Nagar. in Ramanthapur.The mishap occurred in the morning when Manasa was playing with her sister Rakshita in front of their house. \"While playing, Manasa accidentally fell in the open sump and drowned. The incident came to light when one of the neighbours saw Rakshita looking into the sump. The neighbours quickly pulled Manasa out of the sump and rushed her to a nearby hospital where she was declared brought dead,\" Uppal sub-inspector N Election Reddy said. Manasa's father Narasimha works at a local grocery store.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "17486858", "title": "Voyager 1 explores unknown region", "text": "LOS ANGELES: The unstoppable Voyager 1 spacecraft has sailed into a new realm of the solar system that scientists did not know existed. Voyager 1 and its twin, Voyager 2, have been speeding away from the Sun toward interstellar space, or the space between stars.Over the summer, Voyager 1, which is farther along in its journey, crossed into this new region where the effects from the outside can be felt. \"We do believe this may be the very last layer between us and interstellar space,\" said chief scientist Ed Stone of the Nasa jet propulsion laboratory, which manages the spacecraft.Stone presented Voyager 1's latest location at a meeting of the American Geophysical Union in San Francisco . Voyager 1 is on track to become the first manmade object to exit the solar system. Exactly when that day will come is unknown, partly because there's no precedent. Stone estimated Voyager 1 still has two to three years to travel before reaching the boundary that separates the solar system from the rest of space.Scientists were surprised to discover the unexpected region at the fringes of the solar system. For the past year, the team has seen tantalizing clues that heralded a new space environment. The amount of high-energy cosmic rays streaming in from outside the solar system spiked. Meanwhile, the level of lower-energy particles originating from inside the solar system briefly dropped. Because there was no change in the direction of the magnetic field lines, scientists were confident that Voyager 1 had not yet broken through. They have dubbed this new zone a kind of \"magnetic highway.\"The Voyagers launched 35 years ago on a mission to tour the outer planets. Though Voyager 2 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d currently 9 billion miles from the Sun \u00e2\u20ac\u201d launched first , Voyager 1 is closer to leaving solar system behind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17485902", "title": "Babri anniversary keeps Madura police on their toes", "text": "MADURAI: Police in Madurai are on their toes as Babri Masjid demolition anniversary is drawing close. With Ajmal Kasab's hanging, police have deployed never before security at temples and sensitive places in Madurai that has witnessed about seven incidents of bomb blasts or explosives being detected at the last moment in the last two years. As recently as November 1, a cache of explosives were found on Tiruparankundram hillock .\"Security at important temples in the city including the Meenakshi Amman temple has been beefed up in view of the Babri Masjid demolition day on December 6. As many as 2,500 police personnel have been deployed in the city. The police are equipped to tackle any kind of situation,\" said R Thirunavukkarasu, deputy commissioner of police (law and order).As many as 15 temples in the city including Koodal Alagar Perumal Temple, Nanmai Tharuvar Temple, Iyyappan Temple and Anjeneya Temple in Anupanadi are identified as sensitive places and security has been tightened there. Closed Circuit Television (CCTV) cameras have been installed in the temples and constantly monitored by police teams, said Thirunavukkarasu.The checking at the Meenakshi Amman temple has been intensified. All the devotees are allowed inside the temple after a thorough check-up. Their bags are scrutinised and asked to leave them outside the temple. Apart from heavy police protection by special police teams, two sniffer dogs have been pressed into service in the temple. The city police force has also been carrying out security measures at the Madurai Railway Junction in coordination with the Railway Protection Force, the deputy commissioner added.As many as 26 sensitive places in the rural district including temples have been identified and brought under police protection. Bomb detection and disposal squads (BDDS) have been conducting surprise checks at sensitive places, he said. There are six main entries to the districts. All the check-posts are alerted and strengthened with police personnel, said V Balakrishnan, superintendent of police, Madurai district.Four more police check-posts at Yaanaikal, Obula Padithurai, Nelpettai and Palam Station have been added to the exiting 12 check-posts, he added. Mattuthavani integrated bus terminal, Periyar and Arappalayam bus terminal are closely monitored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17485659", "title": "Property dealer booked for 'raping' woman", "text": "GURGAON: An FIR has been lodged by city police against a property dealer who allegedly kidnapped a 27-year-old woman, resident of Swaroop Garden colony in Gurgaon.The property dealer allegedly kidnapped the woman from near her house on November 21 and there is no clue so far about the accused or the kidnapped woman.According to police, a resident of Swaroop Garden colony has lodged a complaint with Rajendra Park police station that his daughter was kidnapped by a property dealer, Jai Prakash , on the pretext of marrying her. The accused is a resident of Daultabad village.Meanwhile, sources say that the woman was having an affair with the property dealer. The accused has been booked under Section 365 of IPC.\"We are searching for the victim. The accused is on the run and we will arrest the accused soon,\" said ASI Subhash Chand, the investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17484190", "title": "Mayfair beach resort opens from Sunday", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The Mayfair group of hotels will commercially start operating the Palm Beach Resort at Gopalpur from Sunday. The group has spent Rs 30 crore to renovate the luxury property after buying it in September 2011. The hotel had been shut since 2002 due to structural damage.\"We decided to renovate the hotel as it is a heritage property. It has also got good business prospects because people from India and abroad come to Gopalpur for its scenic beauty and peaceful atmosphere,\" said Dillip Ray, CMD of Mayfair Hotels and Resorts Group.The Mayfair Palm Beach Resort is the latest and eighth addition to the hotel chain. Sprawling over eight acres overlooking the sea, this property has 32 rooms besides a marriage hall and tennis court.The Mayfair group bought it for around Rs 10-crore. \"We added another floor to the original structure. Architects of Bhubaneswar-based Creative Design Group have helped us renovate the hotel,\" said Ray.The beach resort was constructed at Gopalpur by Italian Singnor Maglioni in 1914. The Oberoi Group of Hotels had bought it in 1947. Tourists staying on this property can take a trip to Aska to see peacock and blackbuck habitats. Even Rushikulya, the mass nesting site of Olive Ridley turtles and hot spring at Taptapani are nor far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17486834", "title": "Complaints linked to education loans see a drop in 2012", "text": "CHENNAI: If one goes by the statistics of the Reserve Bank of India , students are finding it easier to get education loans. S Ganesh, banking ombudsman, RBI, said there is a decrease in the number of complaints related to educational loans.RBI data show that the banking ombudsman received 569 educational loan complaints during 2011-12, 149 complaints lesser than the previous year. In 2009-10, the ombudsman got 980 such complaints. \"If a student whose grievance against a bank is not resolved to his satisfaction by the bank within one month, he/ she can approach the banking ombudsman, if the complaint pertains to any of the matters specified in the banking ombudsman Scheme 2006,\" said Ganesh.Ganesh said better awareness could be the reason for the dip in complaints. \"We have been conducting various awareness programmes among banks on educational loans. So most of the banks in the state are disbursing educational loans to deserving students.\"But banking sources said that most of the complaints related to educational loans are not reaching the ombudsman level. \"We are unable to insist banks provide loans. But we have the right to seek an explanation from them on why a loan was denied. No banks have been exempted from sanctioning educational loans in the country,\" said Ganesh.D Sherin, director of Velicham, an NGO that works with first generation students, said many people are unaware of the existence of the banking ombudsman. The Velicham helpline (9698151515 ) has been receiving at least three calls every day regarding denial of educational loans. \"Many banks deny educational loans, especially for professional courses. We have been getting complaints from candidates for courses like MCA and MBA,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "17486042", "title": "Pitfalls plenty in Hills agreement", "text": "DARJEELING: Things appear hunky-dory between Gorkha Territorial Administration and the Bengal government following the formation of the GTA board last July, but the bonhomie may be shortlived.A look at the memorandum of agreement with Gorkha Janmukti Morcha and the GTA Act 2011 reveal grey areas that are potential minefields.Under the GTA Act, 2011, it would have executive powers over 57 subjects, on paper a substantial improvement over the 22 subjects with which GTA's predecessor Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council had started. But, as a senior Darjeeling district administration official says, 12 of these subjects cannot be transferred as there are no departments. \"In sports, for instance, there is no department to be transferred,\" he said.According to him, five more departments are in the process of being transferred which would give GTA control over 10 more subjects, among them are excise, lottery, information and cultural affairs and micro and small scale industries. GTA already has control over 27 subjects. \"This is not much of more empowerment,\" CPM's hill expert Ashok Bhattacharya points out.\"The extent of transfer has not been specified, nor the nature, character and modalities,\" points out an official. GJM general secretary Roshan Giri emphasizes that transfer of reserve forests to GTA is important, but the GTA Act lists \"management of any forest, not being reserve forest\" as the subject to be transferred. He wants the state to take up the issue with the Centre.Subjects like land and land revenue and 'tauzi' - yet to be transferred - may need change in law and statute. Giri is confident, however, that \"both land and 'tauzi' will come.\"GTA is destined to face a lack of funds. \"The resource gap is going to be quite big,\" says GTA principal secretary Saumitra Mohan, the district magistrate. It has received Rs 65 crore from the Centre out of a promised Rs 200 crore annually, besides a special Central assistance of Rs 28.6 crore. Under non-Plan heads, the state government has provided about Rs 50 crore, \"but Plan funds from the state have dried up.\" Mohan estimates the annual non-Plan expenditure of GTA to be Rs 800 crore, and a Plan budget of Rs 200 crore.Besides, GTA could generate annually Rs 1.5 crore from a levy on tourists and a toll on the relaid Rohini Road, Rs 20 crore from its share in hydel power generation, Rs 10 crore as land revenue, Rs 3 crore from excise and Rs 2 crore from motor vehicle tax. Concerned over financial health of GTA, Darjeeling municipality chairman Amar Singh Rai, a senior GJM leader himself, has suggested that for this year municipal funds should devolve directly from the state to the municipality, instead of being routed through GTA.A provision of the agreement which the government may find difficult to fulfil is \"the GTA youth will be considered for recruitment in police, Army and paramilitary forces,\" says Ashok Bhattacharya. \"Mind you, it is not GLP youth but GTA youth. Every youth in the hills is a GTA youth.\" Roshan Giri, too, is emphatic. \"It is GTA youth. Not only GLP, but GTA youth should be recruited.\" Giri estimates the strength of \"Gorkhaland Personnel,\" set up during GJM's agitation, at about 6,000.Power sharing between GTA and zilla parishad when a three-tier panchayat system is introduced - for which a constitutional amendment is necessary - is also a grey area. \"The state will have to decide this formula,\" says Giri. Amar Singh Rai argues GTA will be \"higher than zilla parishad.\"While Ashok Bhattacharya says GTA, in comparison with DGHC, is \"old wine in new bottle,\" Giri finds the \"pace of implementation of the MoA slow.\" He is looking forward to a forthcoming meeting of the review committee on implementation of the agreement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17486181", "title": "CM may give rights day event a miss", "text": "KOLKATA: The state Human Rights Commission is organizing a programme to observe international Human Rights Day on December 10 where chief minister Mamata Banerjee is slated to deliver the presidential address at a function. But with commission chairman Justice Asok Ganguly criticizing the state government at a recent public event, there are possibilities of Mamata giving the function a miss.Last year too, she had stayed away from the function. But West Bengal Human Rights Commission officials are keeping their fingers crossed about the CM turning up at the function as commission chairman, Justice Asok Ganguly, had criticized her at a recent public function.Chief Justice of India Altamas Kabir will be the key speaker at the event to be held at the high court auditorium.Officials of the West Bengal Human Rights Commission (WBHRC) have already started distributing invitation cards for the programme at Writers' Buildings. On Tuesday, an invite in the CM's name was handed over to her office since she is on a tour of the state. But commission officials are not sure if the CM will deliver the presidential address.Already, WBHRC officials had started distributing invitation cards for the programme at Writers' Buildings. On Tuesday, the cards meant for the CM was handed over to her office when she was out of the city. But HRC officials are still not sure if the CM will be delivering her presidential address at the programme in the high court auditorium. Chief Justice of India, Justice Altamas Kabir is going to be the key speaker at the function.This is because the commission chief and the state government are not on the best of terms. The commission had on previous occasions made recommendations to the state in a number of cases, but the government is yet to take any action.Justice Asok Ganguly, who retired from the Supreme Court in February this year, had joined the commission in April on being requested by the chief minister. But he has been critical of the state government ever since, especially because the panel's suggestions have not been given importance.In August, Justice Ganguly recommended a compensation of Rs 50,000 be paid each to Jadavpur University professor Ambikesh Mahapatra and his neighbour for their illegal arrests in April. Mahapatra and his neighbour were charged with circulating a cartoon that allegedly was a mockery of Dinesh Trivedi's ouster from the railway ministry and induction of Mukul Roy. The cartoon showed Mamata Banerjee and Mukul Roy conniving to remove Trivedi from office.But the suggestions of the commission did not go down well with the chief minister. She hit back at Justice Ganguly at a programme in the assembly: \"We brought one person who we thought would work in an unbiased manner, but he writes orders as if he is the President of India.\"Following the hooch tragedy in Mograhat in December last year, which killed 175 people, the rights panel had also recommended that action be taken against the excise commissioner. But the state took no steps in that regard.Since then, the state government and the commission share a strained relationship.Now when the officials felt that the chief minister's presence in the programme could improve the state's relationship with Justice Ganguly, the commission chairman criticized the Mamata Banerjee government a week back. Justice Ganguly said that there was too much interference in administration and officials were unable to act in an unbiased manner.In light of the recent criticism, state government officials feel the CM may skip the rights commission fuction. However, they could not confirm since the CM is known for giving nod to invites at the last moment. \"So you never know she might go and can fire a salvo at the commission,\" an official said.Officials of the WBHRC said that last year too the CM had skipped the annual human rights day function. The state government is at loggerhead with the WBHRC as the commission's recommendation to pay compensation to Ambikehsh Mahapatra is yet to be carried out. Similarly, after the hooch tragedy of Diamond Harbour in which 175 men died in December 2011, the WBHRC had wanted action against the excise commissioner, but the state government is yet to act.Justice Ganguly, who retired from the Supreme Court in February 2012 and is known popularly as the 2G judge, had joined the commission in April at the request of the CM. But he has been critical of the state government since. In August, the judge recommended a compensation of Rs 50,000 each to Jadavpur University teacher Ambikesh Mahapatra and his neighbours for their illegal arrests in April, 2012. Mahapatra and his neighbour were charged with circulating a cartoon that allegedly made mockery of Dinesh Trivedi's ouster from the railway ministry which led to induction of Mukul Ray. The duo had circulated the cartoon that showed Mamata Banerjee and Mukul Ray were conniving to remove Trievdi from office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17485351", "title": "Agro fair ends with \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcsustainable\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 message", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The 10th Agro Tech fair concluded on Tuesday, with Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal attending the valedictory function of the fair. During the four days of the fair, exhibitors from foreign countries \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Canada, Germany, Italy, Korea, Spain and USA came to exhibit their products and received an excellent response from the visitors.In his address, CM Badal said the opening up of Wagah Border and giving a dry port status to Wagah by allowing export of 6,000 goods could be a game changer for North India. The trophy for best display went to S P Sharma, chief manager, Agriculture (Network I) State Bank of India, local head office, Chandigarh.CII Northern Region deputy chairman and managing director Sandhar Technologies Ltd, Jayant Davar highlighted that \"CII Agro Tech 2012 achieved one of its primary objectives of focusing on sustainable agriculture and bringing farmers face-to-face with the latest state-of-the-art technologies both in terms of machinery as well as agri-best practices.\"CII Agro Tech 2012 chairman Hari S Bhartia said, \"The four-day agro tech was visited by over 75,000 visitors including 35,000 farmers from a number of states from as far as Kerala in the South, Meghalaya in the East, Gujarat in the West and J&K; in the North. The visiting farmers included women from 13 states - Bihar, Delhi, Gujarat, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Jharkhand, Karnataka, Punjab, Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Uttarakhand &amp; Uttar Pradesh.\"Meanwhile, the organizers announced that the 11th CII Agro Tech will be held from November 22 to 25, 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17485069", "title": "Kabaddi world cup: USA, Iran and Pakistan win on Day 4", "text": "AMRITSAR: On the 4th day of the Kabaddi World Cup 2012 three matches were played in Group C and D. The first match was played between United States of America and Argentina.USA won the match quite comfortably by a margin of 77-14. At the end of first half the US Kabaddi team was leading by 39-3.American raiders Inderdeep Singh, Kanwar Sandhu and Baljinder Singh scored 12, 9 and 8 points respectively, whereas American stoppers Jaskarn Singh and Kulwinder Singh scored 7 and 6 points respectively. Sandeep Singh and Jesus bagged 5 points apiece for the teams cause.Argentinian raider Yuri Mayar got 6 points whereas Ivan and Alexendro clinched 3 points each. Only one stopper of Argentina Seeba was successfull, getting a solitary point for the team.In the second match, one of the favourites Iran beat Kenya by 79-15. At the end of first half, the Iranian team was leading by 38-9. Iran's raider J Behnam scored 12 points, while Shayan Hadd Afi Khalilabad and K Behnam converted 11 points each. Whereas Iranian stoppers Alireza Safari and Azami scored 10 and 7 points respectively.In the third match of the day, Pakistan were up against Scotland . The cross-border rivals won the match by a margin of 61-21 points. At the end of the 1{+s}{+t} half Pakistan was leading by a margin of 35-9 points. The raiders of Pakistan Isfak Patha, Mansa and Akmal Doger scored 12, 8 and 6 points respectively, where as Pakistan's stopper Asif Ali and Musharf Janjua got 4 points each. Scottish raider Sean Fergusan and Javid Starrett scored 5 and 4 points respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17485748", "title": "Drive to rid floodplains of encroachment to start soon", "text": "NOIDA: Nearly seven months after public works and irrigation minister Shivpal Yadav asked for 'immediate action' to rid the Yamuna and Hindon floodplains of encroachment, the district administration is planning on a crackdown at the end of the month. The district magistrate has ordered physical verification of the entire flood zone area grabbed by land mafia and a report on it within a week.A preliminary survey of both the Yamuna and the Hindon areas was conducted in April. The district magistrate had formed a tri-level committee directing officials to pinpoint encroachments falling in three categories. \"During our earlier survey, we found that land had been encroached for construction of farmhouses and by colonizers for cutting out small colonies. Besides, village land too has been usurped,\" said MKS Sundaram, district magistrate.\"Officials including the SDMs of Sadar and Dadri are now conducting detailed physical inspections. They will now check for approvals besides scrutinizing and verifying documents that have allowed construction to come up in the floodplains. It will also be checked how land was allotted in the area and who approved it,\" Sundaram added.Once the report is ready, all illegal structures will be demolished. \"Illegal colonizers rampantly gobbling the floodplain land and selling it to unsuspecting buyers for constructing houses will be taken to task,\" Sundaram warned.Nearly 4,000 acres of land along the Hindon floodplains has been occupied illegally, of which at least 3,000 acres is in the primary river-flow area. More than 100 developers are illegally operating in the area meant only for agricultural use. \"We have found that the current construction on the Yamuna floodplain includes more than 300 concrete small and large farmhouses as well as some residential structures. These are against regulations. This land belongs to the irrigation department,\" Sundaram said.\"All land under illegal possession will be recovered. Since it is a very sensitive issue that could cause a law and order problem due to agitation by some people, security will be tightened before launching the drive to remove the \"illegal\" structures,\" added Sundaram saying that the drive would be conducted in association with the UP irrigation department and the district police.In February, the then DM Hirdesh Kumar had cracked down on the land mafia and freed nearly 200 acres encroached along the Hindon floodplains. The week-long drive had to be aborted as assembly elections were announced in UP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17484729", "title": "Oslo court convicts Indian couple for abusing son, says cultural difference no excuse", "text": "Indian software professional V Chandrasekhar and his wife Anupama were convicted on Tuesday by a Norwegian court for physically abusing their seven-year-old son Sai Sriram.Chandrasekhar, working for TCS in Norway since 2010 as an IT consultant, was awarded a prison term of 18 months by the Oslo District Court while wife Anupama has got a 15-month term.\"We will appeal against the verdict,\" defence lawyer Adeline Brendal-Veisal was quoted telling a Norwegian newspaper, Aftenposten.The couple's relatives in India said they were disappointed by the court's verdict. They also pointed out that, intriguingly, the Orange Book \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the complaint issued by the school against the couple \u00e2\u20ac\u201d had gone missing.The couple were arrested on November 30, about nine months after their son Sai Sriram complained to his school teachers that they were threatening to punish him severely and send him back to India for wetting his pants in the school bus.The boy had refused to take the school bus home saying that his father had threatened to burn his tongue. School authorities, alarmed by Sai's fears, had complained to the Norwegian child care authorities.The boy reportedly told officials that his mother had asked her husband to scald him with a heated spoon for being disobedient and peeing in his pants. He had burn marks on his lower leg. The parents, however, claimed that the boy had accidentally bumped into a heated cooking spoon in the kitchen. But an expert said in court that the boy could not have received such a burn by accidentally touching or bumping into a heated spoon.It was also said that the father struck his son with a belt or a similar object and that, at least once, had threatened to burn his son's tongue with a hot spoon. The Oslo court pointed out that the rough treatment went on for over six to seven months and qualified as repeated beatings.The defence lawyer underlined \"cultural differences\" in India and Norway, but the argument didn't cut ice with the court. The son, according to the defence lawyer, has behavioral problems. The lawyer argued that if the father went to jail, then the family would lose its only source of income. She also pointed out that one of the two children, now staying with their grandfather, had fallen sick. The parents told the court that the boy tended to exaggerate and imagine things.Earlier on Monday, news agencies quoted Kurt Lir, head of prosecution, Oslo police department, saying that the couple was charged with gross or repeated maltreatment of their child/children by threats, violence or other wrong, under section 219.Chandrashekhar, who hails from coastal Andhra's Krishna district, was posted in Oslo by his company in 2010. The family returned home in July this year. Chandrashekhar left for Norway again on November 23 with his wife. The couple left their two sons behind. A court in Oslo issued summons and later, the police arrested them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17484196", "title": "Triple-murder case: Senior cops may be summoned", "text": "INDORE: Senior police officials of the rank of additional director general and SP can be summoned in the triple murder case that happened last year. District court has asked the defence lawyer to give out the names of police officials who can be summoned in the case.Last year in June, a triple murder in posh locality of Shrinagar area had rocked the city and police had arrested two accused within two days. Advocate Manoj Biniwalle, lawyer of accused Neha Verma and Manoj Rathod said there is difference between matter seized and displayed at press conference and the matter submitted in court.\"On Tuesday, court asked us to give the name of police officials who can be summoned in the case. We want the then IG who has become ADG now, and the then SP to appear in court,\" advocate Biniwalle said, adding that the court had earlier asked to submit the daily dairy, press note and list of police officials presented at the press conference. But then investigation officer, who is retired now refused to submit all these saying that he is now a retired official. Next hearing of the case is scheduled for January 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mahbubnagar", "code": "17485128", "title": "Sharmila faces \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcT\u00e2\u20ac\u2122omatoe attack", "text": "MAHBUBNAGAR: Days after she set her foot on Telangana soil, YSR Congress leader Sharmila felt the Telangana heat for the first time on Tuesday when students of Palamuru University attacked her with tomatoes during her 'Maro Praja Prasthanam' padayatra here. Tension prevailed for some time before police intervened to bring the situation under control. Sharmila took a break from the padayatra for some time and resumed it later.Police were caught off guard when the students locked the gates of the university and started hurling tomatoes when Sharmila passed through the University Road in the morning. Some of them even pelted stones. A shocked Sharmila retreated following vociferous sloganeering of the students. But tension escalated when some of the YSR Congress cadres and Sharmila supporters hurled stones at the students. The protesting students demanded that Sharmila clear YSR Congress's stand on the Telangana issue. Some YSR Congress leaders tried to buy peace with the agitating students that YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy had already made a statement acknowledging the strong Telangana sentiment in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17485757", "title": "Goa now presses for visa-on-arrival status", "text": "PANAJI: While welcoming the decision of the Union government to ease restrictions on tourist visas that mandated a two-month gap between consecutive visits by foreign nationals to India, the tourist trade in Goa hopes that the Union government will heed Goa's request to be allowed to issue visas on arrival.As reported by TOI on Tuesday, the move to ease the two-month waiting period is likely to breathe fresh life into the tourism industry and comes just ahead of the peak tourism season. But the tourism trade in Goa unanimously hopes that the Union government would now include Goa in the list of Indian places where visa on arrival could be issued to visiting tourists.The chairman of the Goa tourism development corporation (GTDC) Nilesh Cabral described the decision to ease the two-month gap as a \"good thing, a good step\" but only the first step. Cabral said he is very happy that the government of India has heeded the several requests from Goa government and the Goa tourism trade to ease the restriction. \"Now, I hope they consider our request to enable Goa to issue visa on arrival as that would be immensely beneficial to Goa tourism,\" Cabral said.Ralph de Souza, spokesperson of the Travel and tourism association of Goa (TTAG) also welcomed the decision. \"This is very good. It will start the revival of the depressed markets. We were losing lots of British tourists who were long stayers in Goa. This segment of tourists will come back now,\" Souza said.Souza recalled that the TTAG had made several representations to the Union home ministry to remove the two-month restriction. With that gone, he hoped that the Union government also considers the request to allow Goa to issue visa on arrival to foreign tourists. Presently, visa on arrival is only issued in the four metros of Delhi, Kolkata, Mumbai and Chennai.Souza said that this will particularly help Goa to cater to the 80% Finnish tourists who visit Goa. Presently, if they want to avail of visa on arrival, they have to come via Mumbai which adds to their cost. \"If we can issue visa on arrival in Goa, the sagging Scandinavian market will be revived,\" Souza said.Sita (Goa) vice president Ernest Dias welcomed the decision to ease the two-month waiting period but reacted with caution. \"We welcome it, but there is nothing official about it yet. Nobody can show us any document about this,\" said Dias.He recalled that there was a similar announcement that visa on arrival would be made possible for tourists from several countries including Russia and Poland. Sita informed their operator in Poland about this but when the facility never materialized, the operator decided to call off his operations. Dias said operators in UK also reacted with skepticism and at least two UK operators called him to confirm the genuineness of the decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17485740", "title": "Jewellers offer Rs 5L for solving robberies", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Fed up with rampant cases of burglary in jewellery shops, the Ghaziabad Jewellers' Association has declared a reward of Rs 5 lakh to the cops who will crack the cases. Enraged jewellers said that after the change in regime in Uttar Pradesh, five major burglaries in jewellery showrooms have been committed in the last six month.The modus operandi in all cases are same, but police have failed to crack even a single one of the five cases. Jewellers have threatened that they will hold a bandh on Friday as a mark of protest.\"After each burglary only empty assurances are given by police officers. After failing to get a positive response, Ghaziabad jewellers held a meeting and decided to declare reward of Rs 5 lakh for policemen who will solve the cases,\" said Gaurav Garg, general secretary, Ghaziabad Sarafa Association.\"We are unhappy with the attitude of the police. In the last four incidents, jewellery worth Rs 25 lakh to Rs 90 lakh were stolen. It is a major setback for jewellers during the marriage season. Jewellers have also threatened that they will set shop outside Ghaziabad if such robberies continue to happen,\" said Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "17486840", "title": "Dalit protest shifts to Salem hospital after 20-yr-old dies", "text": "SALEM: Angered by the refusal of the government to respond to their demands, at least 500 dalits began a sit-in outside the mortuary of the Salem Government Hospital on Tuesday and refused to let hospital officials do a post-mortem on a 20-year-old girl, who died on Monday, while participating in the mass hunger strike. The strike was to protest against anti-dalit violence in three colonies in Dharmapuri district.A Mangai alias Mangammal was in Salem GH for four days after her health deteriorated. Doctors said she succumbed to viral brain fever, which she may have contacted due to prolonged exposure to the cold weather. The mob that attacked her village had burned down her house and she had no option but to sleep in the open. Lack of proper medication soon after she developed fever and the hunger strike could have worsened her situation, doctors had said on Monday.Her relatives were adamant that they would not let hospital authorities do a post-mortem unless the government heard them out. \"The government should listen to our demands at least after my daughter's death,\" said C Anbu, Mangai's father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kulti", "code": "17485852", "title": "Norway children doing fine: Cops", "text": "KULTI: The two children who were put under the custody of their paternal uncle by a Norway court are doing fine, said Kulti police, who are keeping a watch on the duo.Abhigyan (4) and Aishwarya (2) are growing up in the care of their grandparents and uncle at their ancestral house in Brindaban Gali near Ranitola Kulti. They have been staying there since April after the Indian and Norway governments signed an agreement to that effect.Recently, the kids' mother Sagarika Bhattacharya had claimed custody on the basis of child welfare committee documents. But the Kulti police refused, claiming the documents were not sufficient.Dr Arunavas Bhattacharya, the kids' uncle, who was granted their custody, said despite his professional commitments, he finds time for them. \"They play with me and my parents and are slowly picking up the language. By the end of next year, we hope to admit Abhigyan to school,\" he said.He said the kids were well on path to recovering from the year-long trauma. They had been taken away from their parents, Anurup and Sagarika, in May 2011 because the Norwegian authorities believed them to be unfit parents. After a prolonged legal and administrative battle that even required intervention by the India Prime Minister with his Norwegian counterpart , a court in Oslo ruled in favour of sending the children to India, but granted Arunavas their custody. \"They are adapting well to the Indian climate. We are getting their medical checkup done regularly,\" said Arunavas.Krishna Bhattacharya is a busy grandmother these days. She herself cooks the kids' food and looks after most of their needs. \"At this age, I have got a new life and remain very busy day and night,\" she smiled. Her husband Ajoy, a retired employee of the Kulti Growth Works of SAIL , is confident that they will be able to keep their grandchildren in good condition.\"They remind me and Krishna of their father (Anurup) when he was their age,\" he smiled.Ajoy playing in the local park with the kids, well wrapped in caps and sweaters, is a common sight now.Asit Pandey, the inspector in charge of Kulti PS, said his men keep a watch on the kids who are doing fine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17484953", "title": "Centre seeks extradition of accused", "text": "JALANDHAR: The Centre is reportedly pursuing extradition of an alleged Babbar Khalsa militant Balwinder Singh Possi from the US in two cases of bomb blasts at Jalandhar bus terminus over six years ago, but the main accused in the case has already been acquitted by the trial courts.It was on the basis of \"confessions\" of the Satnam Singh Satta, a resident of Lasoori village in Jalandhar district, during police custody that police got to know about Balwinder Singh Possi and Amrik Singh. However, the prosecution later failed to prove its theories and defence managed to pick up gaping holes in both the cases and Satta was acquitted in both the cases in 2009 by Jalandhar courts.One of the blasts in a loaded bus of Punjab Roadways at the Interstate Bus Terminus on April 28, 2006 claimed three lives while several others were injured. The second blast on May 24, 2006 did not cause much loss as it took place in a garbage heap and an empty bus caught fire, which was soon controlled.In June 2006, Satta was arrested and police claimed that the two cases were cracked as he admitted that he had planted these bombs after explosive material - potash, sulphur, potassium permanganate and iron pipes -- were recovered from his home. Police had claimed that Satta had revealed that he carried out blasts on the instructions of Pak-based Khalistan Zindabad Force chief Ranjit Singh Neeta.His then counsel advocate Jagmohan Singh Gill said no appeal was filed against this acquittal. \"Though we proved that Satta was falsely implicated, but we can also say that investigations were too shoddy,\" he said. \"Once the main accused has been acquitted, to whom the involvement of two others was attributed, on what basis police would make its case to stand up the legal scrutiny,\" Gill questioned.However, police commissioner Gaurav Yadav said Possi had been named as an accused in the case and he would have to face the law.During the trial of the case, three key witnesses, including complainant Chamkaur Singh, in their statements claimed that the man they saw keeping explosive in the bus was not Satta. They held that the man was a clean-shaven fellow and not Satta, who is a Sikh.Poor homework of the police was clear from the fact that they had claimed that acid was recovered from Satta's house in a plastic bottle. Defense held that it was a ridiculous as acid could not be stored in plastic bottle. Court of district and sessions judge Gurdev Singh also held that this claim by the police was not at all plausible and acquitted him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17486231", "title": "Man nabbed for robbing 84-year-old woman", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The domestic help who had looted 84-year-old Virbala Gandhi in Maninagar has been nabbed. After a complaint was registered at Maninagar police station by the victim's son, Kamlesh, the cops visited the suspect - Meghraj alias Madho's home in Naroda, they found the placed locked. City police then kept city bus stops under surveillance.\"On Monday night near Delhi Darwaja, Madho was nabbed from a Rajasthan-bound bus. Jewellery worth Rs 20,000 that he had looted from Gandhi was recovered from the accused,\" said Maninagar police.During interrogation, he told the police that he had planned the robbery even before getting employed there. \"After seeing the advertisement made by the Gandhi family he had first investigated and learnt about how many family members were there in the house. He was confident that whenever the aged woman was alone in the house, he could strike. This is exactly what he did on Sunday,\" said Maninagar police.He has also confessed that in 2011 he had looted another senior citizen in Satellite in a similar fashion. He had not been caught for that crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17486727", "title": "DMK protests against road work delay in Ayanavaram", "text": "CHENNAI: Flaying the Corporation of Chennai for inordinate delay in completing a road expansion project to link Medavakkam Tank Road and New Avadi Road in Ayanavaram, former mayor Ma Subramanian led an agitation on Tuesday.The hour-long agitation, held near the Institute of Mental Health (IMH), affected traffic for about two hours. Nearly 500 DMK men, including Subramanian and former MLA P K Sekar Babu, were taken into custody. They were released later.The 1.4km stretch was widened after land belonging to Metrowater and the IMH were taken over by the corporation. Though a new compound wall was built and the entire stretch was cleared to lay roads nearly three years ago, there was no further progress in the scheme. Last month, the civic body put up barbed wire along the stretch, thereby reducing the road space to its original size. The official explanation that it was done to prevent encroachments has not cut ice with residents.On Tuesday, the local unit of the DMK held the agitation and alleged that the corporation was neglecting the project because it was finalised during the DMK regime. \"Only after we announced the agitation did the corporation issue a press release stating that road work would commence later this month,\" said A Sathyanarayanan of Raji Street. Former mayor Subramanian, however, brushed aside the announcement saying it was not made either by the present mayor or the commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17485690", "title": "Parking at Sec 29 market may soon be free again", "text": "GURGAON: Parking at the Sector 29 market may soon become free again if the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has its way. HUDA is inviting fresh tenders for parking sites in sectors under the Estate Office II in new Gurgaon area. The authority has marked 32 parking sites in various sectors.\"Parking will be free for shoppers and visitors at two places in the Sector 29 market area. This has been done to popularize the HUDA market in the area,\" said Manoj Attri, Estate Officer II.At present the parking sites at the Sector 29 market are being run by a private contractor. HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar had ordered to make parking free at the Sector 29 market, leading to a legal tussle between the private contractor and HUDA. \"The private contractor had secured a court stay on the order, for running the parking sites till fresh tenders are invited. The contractor will have to leave once the tender formalities get over,\" said Attri.Before finalizing parking sites in the market area, the HUDA officials inspected their locations and calculated how many cars each would accommodate. Other details such as the size of the parking sites, their location and proximity to commercial and residential areas are being worked out to finalize the minimum price for the contractors.The sites are estimated to accommodate over 30,000 cars and substantially solve the parking problem. Contractors, in-charge of the new parking areas, will use hand-held device for charging parking fee and have the required manpower round the clock.To prevent any controversy arise over allocation of parking contracts at the Sector 29 market, HUDA has included a special clause in the tender document mentioning the details of parking at Sector 29. \"This has been done to ensure there is no room for confusion about the free parking facility at the market. The contractors will have no control over the earmarked area,\" said an another HUDA official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17484809", "title": "HC stays collection of Fuel Surcharge Adjustment for first quarter", "text": "HYDERABAD: Giving some amount of relief to power consumers in the state, justice R Subhash Reddy of the high court on Tuesday stayed the collection of Fuel Surcharge Adjustment (FSA) pertaining to the first quarter of financial year 2010-2011 and directed power distribution companies in the state not to collect the same from consumers.The judge was responding to scores of petitions that challenged the belated and 'backdoor' imposition of power surcharges on them for the years 2010-11 and 2011-12. He agreed with the argument of the petitioners that the Electricity Regulatory Commission (ERC) condoned the extraordinary delay made by discoms in proposing to collect the additional expenditure they incurred in 2010 and stayed the first quarter collections of that year. However, regarding the remaining years, he said that a larger bench was going to hear the case soon on the powers of the regulatory commission to condone such delays beyond a period.Reacting to the HC verdict, APTransco said that 175 cases were disposed of on Tuesday and in most of the cases, the high court refused to interfere in the process of collection of FSA for the remaining period. The discoms were directed not to collect FSA of the first quarter of 2010-11 which is due in December 2012, Transco officials said.PC Ghose appointed HC CJ: Justice Pinaki Chandra Ghose has been appointed as the chief justice of the AP high court. He has been working as the acting CJ till date. Following clearance from the President's office, the Centre on Tuesday issued orders appointing justice Ghose as the CJ of HC. Governor ESL Narasimhan would administer the oath of office to him in a day or two.Jagan's bail plea dismissed: Stating that the Supreme Court did not impose any time limit for the probe into the disproportionate assets case, principal special judge U Durga Prasad Rao of the CBI court on Tuesday dismissed the regular bail plea filed by YSR Congress chief Y S Jaganmohan Reddy. \"Our duty is to implement the orders of the apex court and we cannot interpret them in any other way,\" the judge said in his order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17485586", "title": "Air Force devoid of land due to officers' alleged connivance", "text": "JAIPUR: Scams related to land, it seems, keep cropping up. Documents obtained under the RTI Act indicate that the sale and land-use conversion of an Air Force land in Jodhpur in favour of a private developer materialized with the alleged connivance of several bureaucrats. The documents, in possession of TOI, show that this was done during the tenure of at least eight IAS officers and other RAS officer between 2004 and 2011 in Jodhpur.As per the documents obtained under the RTI, the state government acquired 6 bigha 5 biswa land for the defence department from one Krishen Kak after issuing a notification (No. 41117/16/5/81) in 1985. The land acquired was a portion of the 86 bigha and 10 biswa land owned by Kak in village Bhicharli in Jodhpur tehsil.The acquired land's possession was handed over to the Air Force in 1986. The land's mutation (change of title or ownership of land in revenue records) has, however, not been done in favour of the Air Force till date, despite the defence authorities writing several letters to the state in this regard.Meanwhile, one Omdan Charan, who claimed to have the power of attorney from the holder of the land, sold 66 bigha and 10 biswa of the remaining 80 bigha 5 biswa land to a property dealer, Sohan Lal Surna in 2004. A year later Charan allegedly sold 20 bigha land (including the government acquired 6 bigha 5 biswa) again to Surna.\"On 16/ 09 /2005, the mutation was done in favor of UIT (Jodhpur) on behalf of Surna by the collector and tehsildar that includes land acquired for Air Force too. Moreover, despite several letters by the defence authorities in many years no mutation was done and all of a sudden this was done,\" said Ram Singh, an RTI activist.Krishen Kak, the landowner, wrote letters to the Jodhpur Development Authority (JDA) in August and October 2011 saying he never gave power of attorney to Charan over his land. The JDA, however, did not register an FIR against Charan and no investigation was initiated in this regard by the civic authority. It is alleged after the land was sold to the private developer the land conversion was also made with the alleged support of the bureaucrats.For the first time in 2005, the owner applied for land conversion. However, as the whole area of the land was located near Air Force funnel area and falling under the restricted area declared by the Union government in 2001, the land conversion and construction was not allowed.To sort out the issue, the Jodhpur collector on March 23, 2005, called a meeting which was attended by additional district magistrate, CEO of the Jodhpur Municipal Corporation, Air Force commandant and Jodhpur tehsildar among others. The meeting dwelt on the decision of conversion and construction in the restricted area of the defence land as the Union government's order expired in 2004.On April 6, 2005, land conversion was done for residential area by the UIT, secretary without carrying a physical survey and marking of the land. The private housing colonies also fall in the restricted area near the Jodhpur Air Force station (100 metre from the station perimetre), seriously compromising national security.The layout plan of a private housing scheme, on 22 bigha and 17.5 biswa land of khasra number 4/36 falls under the restricted area of the Air Force station.On December 2010, the urban development and housing (UDH) principal secretary issued directions to include the restricted area in the facility area of the housing scheme. However, during the assembly session in 2010, while replying to MLA Suryakanta Vyas's queries, the state government had committed that the restricted area will be free of all activities.The documents available highlight that on August 8, 2011, the patwari gave a physical report to the tehilsdar concerned for illegal construction of a housing scheme in the crash gates restricted area. Even the Air Force in its letter dated July 11 opposed construction of a wall outside the boundary adjacent to the crash gate. The Air Force letter reads, \"The construction has blocked the exit towards the crash gates and any development of a garden will increase the bird activity posing hazard to aircraft.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17485053", "title": "Boy thrown out of moving train, 2 held", "text": "ROHTAK: A 17-year-old boy was flung out of a running train by two persons after a tiff near Kharanthi-Samargopalpur village on Rohtak-Jind rail section on Monday night.Government railway police have arrested both the accused - Rahul, 19, an ITI student and son of Ajit Kumar of Jind, and his friend Rahul, son of Subhash, from Petwad village - who were overpowered by the passengers and handed over to the cops at Jind railway station on Tuesday morning. The victim, Anish Kumar, 17, a migrant labourer, is undergoing treatment at PGIMS, Rohtak.Anil and his family were travelling on Awadh-Assam train when the duo picked up a fight with them near Samargopalpur village. Following the fight, the duo pushed Anil out of the moving train. A relative of the victim raised an alarm and managed to overpower the duo with the help of fellow passengers and handed them over to GRP at Jind railway station.Later, a police team rescued the victim and admitted him in PGIMS. GRP official Snehi Raj said the accused were booked under Section 307 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17485974", "title": "School-linked nurseries, KGs to come under RTE in Maharashtra", "text": "PUNE: All pre-schools linked with a parent primary school will now come under the purview of the Right to Education Act, if the government issues a notification that will make it mandatory for them to implement the 25% quota for children from weaker and disadvantaged sections for their 2013-14 admissions.However, education officials clarified that standalone pre-schools that have classes only up to senior kindergarten (KG) will be exempt from this notification. The admission process of such (standalone) schools solely depends on the management. They have the authority to conduct the admission on their own and no rules of RTE admission process, including 25 % reservation, will be applicable to them, said Anil Kale, state project director, Maharashtra Prathmik Shikshan Parishad. Kale clarified that the 25 % reservation rule of the RTE Act is applicable to schools that have classes right from nursery to class X.A section of the private unaided schools as well as pre-schools in the city have already started their admissions for 2013-14 while government officials are talking about restraining these schools from going ahead with their admissions unless the notification, detailing the admission plan, is released.We want the schools to follow a common admission process as chalked out by the state government, director of primary education Shridhar Salunkhe told TOI on Tuesday. We have not yet issued any directives regarding this to the pre-schools and primary schools but the move is under consideration, he said.The impending notification will be the first serious attempt by the government towards implementing RTE provisions in the right earnest. Senior officials in the education department said that RTE provisions do apply to pre-schools linked to a parent school or those that come under an umbrella educational organization. Officials said the Act empowers the state to make a provision for free education in such pre-schools in the interest of students from weaker sections and disadvantaged groups.Section 11 of the RTE Act, 2009, enables the government to provide for pre-school education while Section 12 (c) provides for extension of the RTE to the schools that impart pre-school education, a senior official said. Section 11 of RTE Act allows the government to make necessary arrangement for providing free pre-school to children above the age of three years with a view to prepare them for elementary education.What happened to the May notification?The state government had issued a notification on May 24 this year making it mandatory for all schools (excluding unaided minority institutions) to reserve 25% of their total seat strength for children from weaker and disadvantaged groups as per the provisions of the RTE Act. Six months later, however, not even a handful of schools have complied with the state directive for various reasons.For starters, the government poorly timed the notification when school admissions were already done with their admissions. Also, the state failed to check if the notification was being complied with. Nevertheless, it s a notification that doesn t hold water for the next academic year. The May 24 notification was meant for AY 2012-13 only and the government has to issue a fresh notification for AY 2013-14 and the ensuing years, an education official said.The notification, on the face of it, was a well-intentioned move to set the ball rolling on RTE implementation in the state. It had detailed various steps for the schools to adhere to for implementing RTE provisions. This included putting up of details related to admissions prominently on the school s notice board, covering aspects such as student intake for admission, the quantum of 25% quota seats for admission, the date for distribution of admission forms, last day for submission of these forms, declaration of list of eligible candidates for admission, seat allotment list, final date for conclusion of admission process and date of commencement of academic year. Now, the new notification, as and when it is issued has set a similar agenda.The impending notification will seek to address these issues to ensure that parents, especially from weaker and disadvantaged groups, will know exact admission details, an education department official said. This is also the reason why the department officials are talking about restraining the schools from rushing in with their admission process, to avoid a repeat of the 2012-13 fiasco vis-a-vis implementation of the 25% quota.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17484764", "title": "Spare the rod and spare the child", "text": "HYDERABAD: When seven-year-old Abhay started wetting his pants regularly at school, his parents took him to a psychiatrist who said that the child was missing his grandmother who had passed away recently. With both his parents working, Abhay was an unhappy child until they appointed a nanny of his late grandmother's age.But not many are as wise as Abhay's parents as counsellors say that bad parenting is driving more and more children to their chambers with problems such as hyperactivity, attention deficit and battered baby syndrome which have all increased by three times in the last decade.\"After beating their children, parents feel guilty and don't want to repeat the act but are unable to control themselves each time,\" said Dr Kalyan Chakravarthy, who incidentally is also treating Sai Sriram, son of Chandrasekhar and Anupama, facing a jail term in a child maltreatment case in Oslo, nine months after their son first wetted his pants and was scolded.When he repeated the act, Sriram told his teachers that he was scared to go home, fearing more scoldings, prompting authorities to turn the boy to a child protection group.Chakravarthy, a child psychiatrist at Rainbow Hospital sees at least five children suffering from Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorders (ADHD) daily along with cases of depressions caused by repeated beatings.Demands for a 'scholar child' among working couples is also taking a heavy toll on children failing to come up to the expectations of parents. \"Everyone wants perfect children. Having high educational demands, parents send them to concept schools where the children spend 12-14 hours a day but they come back tired and irritable and want parental attention,\" said Dr Purnima Nagaraja, psychiatrist at Dhrithi Psychiatric Care.\"Similarly, parents come back home from work tired and want a break,\" said Nagaraja, who sees daily three to six children in the age group of four to 12 years with behavioural problems.Doctors concede the children are bearing the brunt of the fast-paced urban lifestyle. Dr Phani Prashant, psychiatrist at Care Hospital, said that support systems are coming down and 30-40% of the couples living in nuclear families and working in the city are facing a big problem of handling children. Kids want quality time and emotional security, which is now missing. \"Frustration and anger related to marital problems and workplace is often taken out on children which is not fair,\" said Nagaraja.Doctors suggest that since maturity among children is very high these days and sitting and talking to them is something those parents have to start looking at instead of saying an absolute no. Also, doctors attribute delayed speech and learning difficulties among children to hectic lifestyle of working parents. According to Dr Prashant, stimulation is not happening at the right age at home because nobody has time to spend with the child.Instead of children, Dr Prashant ends up counseling more and more parents. \"Parents are the major focus if the behaviour of the child is not right,\" said Dr Prashant, who gets 10-20 children with 'behavioural problems' in a month.Achyuth Rao, president of Balala Hakkula Sangham, a child rights organization, said parents were not sensitive towards children and beating children was considered a remedy for every problem.\"Instead of giving a free atmosphere, parents are creating boundaries. Right from parents, teachers to elder siblings, everyone tries to show their muscle power on children. We need strict Norway-like rules even here,\" urged Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17485287", "title": "A taste of Kashmir to Mysore", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The fourth National Crafts Mela at Kalagram is not only attracting visitors to its various stalls showcasing exquisite artifacts and handicrafts but also to its food court, which is offering an array of cuisines. A large number of visitors are trying out various dishes from the large food court with its humungous menu. There is wholesome fare on offer from different parts of the country. One can delight in Goan, Gujarati, Kashmiri, Uttarakhandi, Rajasthani, Marwari, South Indian, Haryanavi, Punjabi fare, besides Lebanese delicacies. A large number of visitors are flocking the Goan stall to savour chicken \"shorma\" with Goan spices. With the special kids platter --- comprising French fries and lots more -- awaiting them, the young too are not being disappointed. The scrumptious Lebanese fare too has many takers.The Mughlai platter comprising \"chicken korma,\" \"paneer korma,\" biryani and soup is also popular among visitors. People were seen thronging the stall and also getting food packed for friends and family. A must try is the chocolate \"paan.\" Dipped in a thick chocolate layer along with \"supari\" and chocochips, it's quite delightful and most aren't satisfied with just one.Hyderabadi Biryani, where care is being taken to have just the right amount of spices, meat and rice is another dish that is delighting gourmets. The Hyderabadi stall is offering a variety of non-vegetarian dishes including \"dum mutton biryani,\" \"dum ka chicken biryani,\" green chicken prepared with \"dhaniya,\" \"ginger chicken,\" \"gutti vankay,\" \"mutton halleem,\" fish curry and \"chepala pulusu.\" South Indian fare like \"palak paneer dosa,\" \"ginger dosa,\" \"tiranga dosa,\" \"Mysore dosa,\" \"masala mirch bajji,\" \"punugullu,\" \"masala idli,\" and \"star dosa\" along with special \"till ki chutney\" is also being served.A team of chefs from Kashmir is dishing out some scrumptious fare. People are enjoying the best of Kashmiri food including \"rishta gushtaba,\" \"chapli kebab,\" \"changezi chicken,\" \"Kashmiri veg biryani,\" fish tikka, chicken tikka, \"jalfrani kahwaa\" besides freshly made Kashmiri \"roti.\"At the Marwari stall, hot camel milk, is a speciality, which is being served in a \"kullad\" along with \"kesar jalebi\". \"Moong dal pakora\" and \"saangri sabz thali\" is also popular among visitors.Then one can dig into some delicious Pahari food from Garhwal and Kumaon regions of Uttarakhand. There is \"Pahari masala aloo,\" besides \"herbal gayt ki dal,\" which people at the stall claim cures kidney stones. Kashipuri rice is something worth trying to. People with a sweet tooth can enjoy \"janguru kheer\" made from special rice from Uttrakhand, while \"katli kebab\" is another attraction.Pahari \"rajma\" and Pahari \"chhole\" served with steamed rice are some options for those who want to try typical Pahari food made using masalas from that region. For foodies who love the aromas from Chandni Chowk, the Delhi Chandani Chowk stall is the place to head for, which is offering \"chowk chilla,\" \"tavad tod chilla,\" \"matar paneer chilla\" besides \"paneer chilla.\" Priced at Rs 50 each, the \"chilla\" is being served with green chilli and tomato sauces. One can also dig into \"chat pappari,\" \"dahi bhalla,\" \"pao bhajji,\"and \"gol gappe.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17485598", "title": "Three snatching cases reported in 24 hours", "text": "GURGAON: Three cases of chain snatching were reported in the last 24 hours in two upscale areas of the city. Police have lodged three separate FIRs. The bike-borne snatchers are active again in city. The bikers snatched three gold chains from three women in the last 24 hours. Two cases were reported in Sector 56 and another in Sector 29.Sarla Devi, a resident of Royal Palm apartment, Sector 56 has lodged an FIR with police that when she was in HUDA market in sector 56 on Monday afternoon, two bikers snatched her gold chain. She shouted for help, but in a split of seconds they got disappeared.In a similar case, Meena Devi, a resident of Jawahar apartment, Sector 56 lodged a complaint with police that two bike-borne snatchers snatched her gold chain from her neck when she was just outside of her apartment on Monday. Sector 56 police have lodged two different cases and are investigating the case.Sector 29 police have also lodged an FIR against unidentified snatchers, who allegedly snatching a gold chain from a Kavya Yadav, a resident of Chakkarpur village.While the cases of snatching have seen a decrease in comparison to last year, it seems snatchers have become active again. Last year a total of 149 cases of snatching were registered, while this year, 119 cases have been registered till October 30, 2012.A senior police officer said three gangs of snatchers have been arrested by police and they are in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kidwai nagar", "code": "17485468", "title": "Mar Gregorios Church kick off Xmas festivities", "text": "KIDWAI NAGAR: Month-long Christmas celebrations were initiated at the Mar Gregorios Orthodox Church, Kidwai Nagar, with Yuhanon Mar Demetrios rededicating the renovated church on Sunday.Around 400 Christian families gathered at the Christian Medical College, Jubilee Hall, and participated in the celebrations whole heartedly.Vicar Father John Jacob along with secretary Varghese Philip, conveners K I Mathew and K V Wilson, welcomed Yuhanon Mar Demetrios to the venue. While the felicitation was given by Dr Kim Mammen and Brig M G Jacob, Yuhanon Mar Demetrios initiated the programme to celebrate the festival of warmth, peace and joy. The special highlight of the day was colourful performance by the toddlers of St Gregorios School.Next followed carol singing by the Mar Gregorios Orthodox Christian Student Movement (MGOCSM) and a skit by Mar Gregorios Orthodox Youth Movement (MGOYM).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17483822", "title": "Bus uproots pole, kills women", "text": "BANGALORE: A 24-year-old woman who was out on Tuesday morning to fetch milk and flowers was killed in a freak accident on Dr Rajkumar Road.A speeding BMTC bus that jumped the median near Prasanna theatre, climbed the pavement ramming two electric poles, one of which came crashing on the young woman, Preethi Vasanth, a resident of Rajajinagar VI Block.Morning walkers and passersby immediately rushed Preethi to Suguna Hospital nearby. Preethi succumbed to head injuries around 8am.The accident happened around 6.30am. Like any other day, Preethi brought two litres of milk, crossed Dr Rajkumar Road, picked up her regular bunch of jasmine flowers from a vendor and was headed back home when the accident happened.The BMTC Pushpak bus (KA 01-PA 318), chartered to pick up HAL employees coming from Cholurpalya, was headed towards Malleswaram.\"I was driving down Dr Rajkumar Road when the brakes failed. I tried my best to control, but the vehicle scaled the road median before ramming into an electric pole and coming to a halt,\" driver Vasantha Raju told Magadi Road traffic police who arrested him.A commerce graduate and the only daughter of Vasanth Kumar and Nanjamma, Preethi was to attend a job interview later in the day, a relative told Times of India. She had been offered an accountant's job by a Malleswaram computer firm.Her father, Vasanth Kumar, had quit his job in a private company after he suffered a paralysis attack. \"Preethi was both daughter and son to us. After my husband became ill, she took care of the family,\" a grief-struck Nanjamma said.\"She believed in excelling. She was not satisfied with the marks she got in B. Com last year. She withdrew some subjects, wrote the papers again and scored good marks. She was looking for a job and was busy attending interviews,\" Vasanth said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17486211", "title": "IITians get business advice from Azim Premji", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Wipro chairman Azim Premji told young engineers at Indian Institute of Technology Gandhinagar (IIT-Gn) 'to have their skins in the game' in order to be successful in their ventures.\"If you want to emerge as a successful entrepreneur, put your life's savings into your venture so there is no turning back,\" said Premji, who was delivering an address after a ceremony to hand out excellence awards for staff at IIT-Gn.Premji advised students aspiring to become entrepreneurs to be sure that it is not an easy task to become one and that they have to work very hard and give it their everything.\"If you expect venture capital to fund 101% of the requirements, then you will not succeed because you do not have your skin in the game,\" said Premji.Premji further told students that they must earn what they need. \"A rupee earned is far more valuable than ten rupees found. You learn the value when you have to earn the value,\" he said.On striving for excellence, confidence and social commitment, Premji said, \"If you don't have confidence in yourselves, in your beliefs and in some of your key plans, how will you expect other people to have confidence in you. You have to have confidence, be unfailing, consistent and tenacious. Strive for excellence in all the things you do, whether small or big. You have to be able to consistently practice excellence.\"Premji also stressed on the importance of leaders who make and keep social commitments.\"You have to appreciate that you are functioning as a part of a huge society. You have to appreciate that we have 1.2 billion people in our country and that anywhere from 30 to 70% of the people, depending upon definitions, are below abject poverty line,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17485686", "title": "Mormugao port trust board meet to discuss modernization of berth 11", "text": "PANAJI: The Mormugao port trust's (MPT) board meeting, which is scheduled for Friday, will take up the issue of modernization of berth 11 under the public-private-partnership (PPP) model, for mechanized coal handling.Speaking to TOI, MPT chairman P Mara Pandiyan said that they have received proposals from two companies for developing berth 11.Berth 11 will require 200 crore for converting into mechanized coal handling.The last MPT board meeting had discussed the modernization of berth 11 on PPP basis but it was inconclusive. \"We will again discuss the modernization of berth 11 at the Friday board meeting,\" said Pandiyan.The Goa state pollution control board ( GSPCB) had directed port authorities to stop coal and coke handling operations at berths 10 and 11 stating that measures taken are not adequate to control pollution.At present, around six million tonnes of coal and coke is handled by private players.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17486241", "title": "State's disaster response reviewed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The director general and senior officials of the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) visited Gujarat unit for two days and held a meeting with the state's authorities to assess Gujarat's preparedness to deal with natural and manmade disasters and calamities. The state unit of the National Disaster Management Authority also demonstrated rescue drills at Chiloda near Gandhinagar and Jarod near Vadodara.According to state unit headquarters of 6 Battalion NDRF, P M Nair - the director general of the organization - visited the Chiloda campus on Monday.\"Among others, Nair met P C Parmar, relief commissioner of Gujarat; Deepak Swaroop, director general of police (home guards and civil defense); T P Singh, director BISAG of ISRO, Ahmedabad; and Dr R Banerjee, chief executive officer of Gujarat State Disaster Management Authority,\" said an NDRF spokesperson.The team also visited Jarod camp near Vadodara that will soon be given the status of a permanent camp. NDRF, having six teams in the state equipped with rescue kits - and comprising paramedics - has earlier worked with the state authorities during the times of disasters such as cyclone, earthquake and floods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17483823", "title": "Palamu legal aid clinics get tepid response from tribals", "text": "Daltonganj: Legal aid clinics in Palamu are getting lukewarm response from villagers. The eight such centres in the district have received only 79 cases in three months, with least number of tribal petitioners.In October, the Pandwa legal aid clinic received only 14 cases and the centre at Panki East registered 13 cases. November was a barren month for both the aid clinics.The principal district and sessions judge of Palamu, Vishnu Kant Sahay, said not a single case was registered with the Tukbera legal aid clinic in September and October. The centres were set up in August this year.Sahay said of the 79 cases registered with different centres, as many as 17 were women who approached officials at aid clinics in Chainpur, Sudna East, Pandwa, Tukbera, Lesliganj, Udaypura, Panki East and Satbarwa for support.Each legal aid clinic, set up by the Palamu Civil Courts under the aegis of the Jharkhand high court's state legal services authority, is managed by one para legal volunteer and a lawyer. Anjum Parween is the only woman lawyer.Number of petitioners from other backward communities is the highest at 36. However, number of tribal petitioners is less with just three persons seeking legal aid between August and November. Sources said tribal people are still rooted to their own system of justice and prefer missionaries to resolve petty disputes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17484524", "title": "State okays 5L sqft TDR for NTC in island city", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government will permit the National Textile Corporation (NTC) to transfer over 5 lakh sq ft of development rights (TDR) for the Indu mill land on other properties in the island city.The NTC, in turn, will hand over the 12.5 acre sea-facing mill land at Prabhadevi to the state for setting up a Dr B R Ambedkar memorial.With the prickly issue of compensation to the NTC resolved, decks have been virtually cleared for the memorial to come up on the mill land. Union textile minister Anand Sharma is expected to make a formal announcement regarding the land handover in Parliament on Wednesday.Meanwhile, the BJP kicked up a storm on Tuesday by dragging the Nehru-Gandhi family in the Indu mill row. Claiming that the project was delayed owing to lack of money, opposition leader in the legislative council Vinod Tawde said that the project would have taken off had it been meant a memorial for someone from the Gandhi-Nehru dynasty.While the prime minister had agreed in principle to set up the memorial on the land a year ago, Tawde questioned the reason for the delay by the NTC in handing over the land. Congress spokesperson Sachin Sawant accused Tawde of politicizing the issue.Utilizing TDR in the island city is not permitted under the development control regulation at present. The state urban development (UD) department has agreed to modify the norms for this case as a \"special provision\".However, some town planners are skeptical that the move to allow TDR in the island city as a \"special case\" would set a precedent.The NTC had initially demanded Rs 3,600 crore compensation citing prevalent market rates in the region. The state, however, contested this demand claiming that the land was situated in a no-development zone. Several meetings took place between the state and central functionaries to work out the nature and extent of compensation.Sources said the deadlock was broken during a meeting between Sharma with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Monday. Anticipating this, the UD had earlier initiated the exercise of modifying the reservation of the Indu mill land from \"special industrial zone\" to \"Grand Memorial of Bharat Ratna Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar \" by issuing a notification inviting suggestions and objections on December 1. \"All technical hurdles have now been cleared. An official announcement will be made before December 6,\" Sharma said on Tuesday after meeting a Chavan-led delegation of Congress MPs from the state.The delegation also met prime minister Manmohan Singh and Congress president Sonia Gandhi over the issue. While refusing to share details of the deal, the chief minister said that the state would set up a special authority for the memorial.RPI activists had threatened to forcibly enter inside the mill land if no announcement was made before Ambedkar's death anniversary on December 6. The BJP had said it was support the stir.The memorial has become a key political issue as the ruling Congress-NCP alliance is keen to woo Dalit voters following the Shiv Sena-BJP combine's electoral pact with the Ramdas Athavale-led RPI during the 2012 Mumbai civic polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17485377", "title": "Nod to avail subsidy irks students", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After a temporary truce, students are back on warpath on the issue of the PU mess price hike. A circular issued by the dean, students' welfare, making a letter from the warden and chairperson mandatory for hostellers to avail subsidy on mess charges has rankled students, who were only recently mollified.Students for Society (SFS) general secretary Sachinderpal Singh questioned transparency in the varsity and the intent of authorities. \"PU is not functioning in a transparent way at all since no notice was put up to announce revision of the decision,\" he said.Explaining the students' grouse, Ramninder, SFS president and a student of the physics department said this put students back to square one. \"Around 800 students participated in the signature campaign undertaken by SFS to seek subsidy. In response, the DSW office issued a circular the next day, saying applications must be examined by respective departments and the student must be eligible to take forthcoming exams,\" he said.PU authorities are yet to clarify their stand but where students are concerned, this is tantamount to breach of agreement.SFS leaders, who have been at the forefront of the agitation, said PU authorities are going against the democratic principles expected from a university to crush opposition. A few students also demanded resignations of the director, students' welfare and other officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "17485648", "title": "Kalyan cops who tried to frame builder in police custody", "text": "KALYAN: The Kolsewadi police on Tuesday took the custody of the three cops who were recently arrested by the Thane anti-corruption bureau for planting a revolver in a builder's office and then demanding Rs 20 lakh to not frame him in an arms case.The three cops were in the ACB custody. Cops are also searching for three other absconding constables. Thane police chief K P Raghuvanshi transferred senior inspector Bharat Nimbalkar to the control room so that the \"probe is not affected\" as his role in the case is being investigated. Reportedly, the six accused policemen while demanding money from the builder were in constant touch with a superior officer on the phone.With the Kalyan crime branch unit who was recently caught by Thane Anti corruptionbureau and was in their custody for planting revolver in builderoffice and demanding ransom of Rs 20 lakh. The cop is also searchingfor three other police constables who are still absconding in thecase. Another side to not get affect the investigation, the Thanepolice commissioner K P Raghuvanshi also transfer senior policeinspector Bharat Nimbalkar of Kalyan crime branch to the control room.It is also said that police is also investigating whether Nimbalkarwas involved with accused six policemen who while dealing money withbuilder was on constant touch with his superior over phone pressuringvictim builder on his name.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17484148", "title": "Kids shiver sans sweater", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The winter brings no cheer to the whining schoolchildren of government-run residential schools in Kandhamal district. The students quietly suffer the intense cold sans winter clothes with night temperature hovering in single digits. All they have are blankets.With Phulbani recording 6 degree Celsius on Monday, their plight can well imagines. \"The students shiver in their uniform while attending classes,\" said a teacher of a residential school in Daringbadi. Since most children studying from Class I to X belong to poor families they cannot afford sweaters for school, he added. Around 23,000 students have enrolled in the different residential schools run by the SC/ST department.District Social Welfare Officer (Kandhamal) Pranati Patra said she was aware of the situation. \"The field-level staff had brought it to out notice,\" she said. \"Most students only wear uniforms provided to them through the Sarva Sikshya Abhiyan. There is no provision for winter clothes, said A K Champataray, district project officer.The district administration, on its part, had asked private parties to donate sweaters and scarves to the students of these residential schools. It failed to evoke a positive response, a district-level officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-05"}
