{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15911037", "title": "CM pitches for non-conventional energy", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief Minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Tuesday pitched for exploitation of non-conventional sources of energy to meet the escalating demand for power and said his government was doing its best to tackle the unprecedented power crisis prevailed in the state.While addressing a public gathering on the occasion of 'Rajiv Gandhi Oorja Diwas' on renewable sources of energy, the CM said there was a need to promote non-conventional energy sources such as solar and wind energy as the fossil fuels including coal and gas would not be dependable. He said the state government would take all necessary steps to encourage power generation by these means.While blaming scarcity of coal and gas for the acute shortage of power, he said failure of rains added to the crisis. However, the efforts were on to resolve the crisis, he said. \"The government is doing its best, while exploring all possible options to get the power to meet the requirement,\" he said.As there are 3.5 lakh agriculture connections in the state of the total 2.2 crore electricity connections, the government is spending Rs 5000 crore on power subsidy for farmers, according to Kiran Reddy. While saying it was an uphill task to meet the peaking demand, the CM called for austerity in terms of power utilization. He called upon people to switch off lights while watching TV.Explaining the steps taken by his government to tackle the situation, he said the state was getting additional power from NTPC. The NTPC obliged to release 335 mw of additional power from Simhadri plant after the CM called Arupray Chowdry, CEO of NTPC, on Monday.In the meanwhile, PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana slammed the TDP for creating nuisance by staging dharna in the Secretariat on Monday after the party leaders met the chief minister to discuss power situation. While reminding TDP of the police firing in which three agitators, protesting power policy of the state government were killed exactly 12 years on the day when the party was in power, Botsa blamed the party for the worsening situation. However, the Congress government would ensure seven-hour interrupted power supply for farmers, while resolving the crisis at the earliest, he promised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15910176", "title": "Gold, Rs 3 Lakh stolen from ex-TNEB man\u2019s house", "text": "CHENNAI: Burglars broke into the house of Karunanidhi, a former TNEB employee, in Kodungaiyur and escaped with 8 sovereigns of gold jewellery and 3 lakh in cash on Monday night.Karunanidhi's younger son Prasad got married on August 22 and the family was in Coimbatore, police said.On Tuesday, the family returned and found the rear door broken open. The cupboard was ransacked and 3 lakh, received as wedding gifts, missing.\"The burglars may have known that the family had left for Coimbatore,\" said an investigating officer.Of late, burglars have been targeting locked houses in and around Kodungaiyur, residents say and allege that police are not keeping an eye on such houses. On the other hand, police blame residents for not making their availability status known in the register maintained for the purpose in police stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15909567", "title": "Injured 13-yr-old girl found", "text": "NOIDA: A 13-year-old girl was found unconscious in Surajpur on August 26 in a partially naked state with injuries on her body. While she was taken to a government hospital after a pedestrian informed the cops, no orders have been issued by Noida police for a medical test to check for sexual assault even though two days have passed since she was found. Child rights activists said that the condition in which the child was found makes the possibility of rape very real.Police said the girl was found after 11pm. \"When we found the girl, she was unconscious and was partially clothed. We immediately took her to the hospital where she is undergoing treatment,\" said a police officer. Cops added that the girl is a native of Rai Bareli and is currently in shock. \"She has not been able to speak properly till now,\" added the officer.When asked why a sexual assault test was not ordered, the SHO of Surajpur police station, Piyush Dikshit, said, \"When the initial report was registered, the girl made no mention of any rape or sexual assault. All she said was that she wasn't feeling well. We registered our case accordingly.\"\"Now there are allegations of rape, when she has been in the hospital for over 48 hours. Even if we do a medical examination, there is very little in terms of evidence that we can gather. Moreover, we don't know who she spoke to or whether she has been influenced,\" Dikshit said.However, child rights activists argue that the police should have ordered the medical examination immediately. \"The girl was unconscious and partially clothed. Moreover, she had injuries on her body. The girl was in shock and it was only on Monday that she managed to gather enough courage to confide to an associate of ours that she had been raped,\" explained Satya Prakash of Childline-FXB Suraksha, a children's welfare body.\"The police have to authorize the hospital to conduct a test for sexual assault. Until they do so, the medical officials have their hands tied,\" added Satya Prakash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15913814", "title": "National Tiger Conservation Authority releases Rs10.48crore to state PAs", "text": "NAGPUR: The National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) has released Rs10.48 crore for 30 wildlife sanctuaries and national parks and four tiger reserves in the state. However, over 5,000 van majoors or labourers engaged in forest and wildlife protection work have not been paid wages for the past five months.This is perhaps for the first time that the NTCA, a statutory body under the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF), released first instalment of funds under the Centrally Sponsored Scheme (CSS) in one go. The second instalment will be released only after 60% amount of the first is spent.The grants include over Rs4 crore for sanctuaries and national parks and Rs6.43 crore for four tiger reserves. Interestingly, Mansinghdeo Wildlife Sanctuary, which was notified in 2010, is yet to get separate funds.The proposals for tiger reserves and sanctuaries were sent by the principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife) in May and June and money was released now. However, it will take more time for the money to reach the field. It will be released by the state government through a separate GR. Till then van majoors won't be paid.\"The NTCA approval proposals are being sent to the state government. We expect the money will be released next month. Only then van majoors will be paid,\" said SWH Naqvi, PCCF (wildlife), Maharashtra.Non-payment of wages to van majoors has become a chronic problem. Despite the forest department filing an affidavit in the high court on a PIL assuring regular payment to van majoors last year, wages are not being paid regularly.\"It's really a shame. The forest workers' are living in penury. They don't even have money to buy books and pay school fees of children. The workers are being forced to borrow from moneylenders at 10% interest,\" said Siraj Patel, central president, Maharashtra Forest Guards, Forest Employees and Forest Labourers Union.Even as poaching is at its peak, forest officials have failed to learn lessons. \"How can you expect van majoors to protect forest and tigers without paying wages. Forest officials wouldn't have kept quiet had they been kept waiting for five months to get their salaries,\" a fuming Patel added.Meanwhile, NTCA has not released additional funds for forests outside protected areas in Chandrapur district for tiger security. Besides, allocation for the E-eye surveillance project in Tadoba has also not been released. No money has been released for rehabilitation of villages inside tiger reserves either.Long Wait For FundsParks Grant (in Rs)Tadoba 1.56 crPench 1.43 crMelghat 2.74 crSahyadri 69 lakhChaprala 24 lakhNagzira 32 lakhNavegaon 33 lakhBor 19 lakhTipeshwar 17 lakh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15918101", "title": "Repair works to hit water supply in Lucknow tomorrow", "text": "PUNE: Taps will run dry in almost all parts of the city on Thursday as the Pune Municipal Corporation will undertake electrical and mechanical repairs at its Parvati, Cantonment, Wadgaon, SNDT and New Holkar water works.The water supply will resume with low pressure late on Friday morning.The areas that will affected are:Warje/SNDT water works: Bhusari Colony, Shastrinagar, Bavdhan, Bhugaon Road, Sus Road, Baner, Balewadi, Pashan, Warje highway, Karve Road, Erandawane, Deccan, Jaibhavaninagar, Sutardara, Dahanukar Colony, Gandhibhavan, Mahatma Society, Warje, Model Colony, Law College Road, Gokhalenagar, Bhonsalenagar, Aundh, Bopodi and Khadki.Wadgaon water works: Sinhagad Road, Hingne, Wadgaon, Dhayari, Dhankawadi, Katraj, Aanandnagar, Ambegaon Pathar, Santoshnagar, Kondhwa Budruk and Dattanagar areas.Parvati water works: All the 'peth' areas, Dattawadi, Rajendranagar, Lokmanyanagar, Deccan, Shivajinagar, Swargate, Parvati Darshan, Mukundnagar, Parvati village, Sahakarnagar, Satara Road, Bibvewadi, Taljai, Katraj, Dhankawadi and Indiranagar.Cantonment water works: Pune Cantonment, Pune station, Koregaon Park, Tadiwala Road, Race Course, Kondhwa, Hadapsar, Mundhwa, Yerawada, Vishrantwadi, Kalyaninagar, Wadagaon Sheri, Chandannagar, Solapur Road, Gondhalenagar and Satavwadi.New Holkar water works: Ahmednagar Road areas, Vimannagar, Dhanori, Kalas, Khadki and Vidyanagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15918721", "title": "25-year-old man succumbs to H1N1", "text": "PUNE: Mandar Patil (25) of Sadashiv Peth died of H1N1 influenza at the intensive isolation care ward of Bharati Hospital on Tuesday morning, taking the death toll in Pune city to four this month.Seven others also tested positive for swine flu in the city on Tuesday.\"Patil developed acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) due to H1N1 and pneumonia. He also had dengue fever ,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health (MoH), Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).Patil developed an influenza-like illness since August 13. He had fever for four days coupled with a dry cough and breathlessness. He also suffered vomiting and diarrhoea for a couple of days, health officials said.Patil first consulted a neighbourhood physician and then another doctor on August 17, who asked him to get admitted, following which he was hospitalised in Bharati Hospital. On August 18, he was put on ventilator support. The next day, he was diagnosed as dengue positive. His throat swab tested positive for swine flu on August 22.His condition further deteriorated, following which he succumbed to swine flu infection at 7.05 am on Tuesday, officials said.In the last two days there have been three swine flu deaths, two in Pune and one in Pimpri-Chinchwad. The administration says the situation is not alarming but has underlined the need to take precautions to ward off the infection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15916259", "title": "St Estevam locals bring island woes to CM's door", "text": "PANAJI: Residents of St Estevam opposed a new bridge to link Tolto to Dauji, Old Goa, and any revision to the regional plan 2021 drawn up by the village-level committee.The islanders, on Tuesday, held a demonstration outside chief minister Manohar Parrikar's official residence at Altinho and handed over a memorandum urging the government not to allow any projects opposed to by locals.The issue of linking Tolto- a small island in the Mandovi river basin, wedged between St Estevam and Old Goa-to the mainland, has kicked off controversy. The other island, Akhada, to the north of Tolto, is already connected to St Estevam. After locals opposed the bridge proposal at a recent gram sabha, chaos ensued and the meeting was abruptly adjourned.The islanders are also opposed to any mega projects and projects by a certain developer. They allege that attempts are being made by the panchayat leadership in connivance with vested interests to push anti-people and anti-village 'development projects'. They want the RP 2021 for St Estevam not altered at any cost.Urging the chief minister to initiate action against sarpanch Camilo Nolasco Menezes, under sections of the Goa Panchayati Raj Act, they have accused Menezes of attempts to manipulate the democratic process.They allege he has tried to forcibly push through projects they are strongly opposed to, that he did not allow a villager to speak against the bridge proposal, and that he is issuing threats to opponents of the projects.The islanders attached video clippings of the sarpanch's alleged misbehaviour at the gram sabha, along with the memorandum.Strongly refuting the allegations, Menezes showed TOI minutes of the meeting, in which he too has opposed the projects. \"The allegations are baseless. Let them show evidence of any resolution passed regarding the bridge. Who has drawn up the plan for the bridge and where is the money coming from?\" Menezes said.He claimed that among those provoking others are a few who lost the panchayat elections. \"Let them accept defeat gracefully,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15916529", "title": "10-day dry spell could kill kharif crop: Officials", "text": "NASHIK: Considering the delayed and insufficient rainfall this season, state agriculture department officials have expressed fear that a dry spell of over 10 more days would spell doom for the kharif crop yield.\"Crop projection reports prepared by the department doesn't have too many surprises as of now, but things could turn disastrous if there is no rainfall within a fortnight,\" superintendent agricultural officer, Nashik, Madhukar Panhale said.The inadequate rainfall has already affected the sowing season, which is still ongoing. \"The seeds have germinated and are now in their growing stage. It is a very critical time right now, once the seeds grow into plants they will be able to survive, but will not be able to survive if there is a dry spell over the next fifteen days,\" Panhale said.Commenting on the projection report, a senior department official said that the report prepared at this time in the production cycle of the crops was preliminary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15910181", "title": "Schools stress on healthy diet to fight obesity", "text": "Putting students on to the right diet is becoming a top priority for most schools in the city. Teachers are working on various strategies \u2014 talking to students about \"good food,\" restricting junk food in canteens, encouraging sport activities and installing water fountains.As a preventive measure, the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) and MV Hospital for Diabetes have together launched the Chennai slim-and-fit programme. A study by epidemiologists involved in the programme found 14.9% of the students overweight and 17.2% obese. Doctors and counsellors from the hospital counselled teachers and parents and suggested activities for students.At the beginning of the study, there were no statistical differences in the prevalence of overweight kids in the different groups. By the end of the school year, however, doctors found that students were conscious about what they were eating, said diabetologist Dr Vijay Vishwanathan, who heads the project.But that did not last long. In 2011, when the schools reopened after summer holidays, they found many obese children had added on a few pounds. The weight assessment of 128 overweight and obese children before and after holidays revealed that 93% of children had weight gain and 3.1% maintained their weight and 3.9% reduced their weight. \"Students need to be constantly told about the hazards of being overweight. They should be told what to eat and encouraged to make at least one sport a hobby. We also learnt that children need constant reinforcement,\" he said.In 2012, students were given counselling ahead of the holidays. \"We told them to eat calorie-rich food in moderation and asked them to join sports camps. They weren't completely averse to the idea,\" said Vigneshwari Aravindalochanan, who counsels students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15935395", "title": "US gurdwara shooter's death declared suicide", "text": "WASHINGTON: The death of a white supremacist who killed six Sikh worshippers during a shooting rampage at a US gurdwara has been declared a suicide.However, the police investigators are yet to determine the reason for the crime, which shocked the entire Sikh community not only in the US and India, but also globally.Michael Wade Page, 40, died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head after he killed six worshippers and wounded three others as they prepared for Sunday services at the Sikh Temple of Wisconsin in Oak Creek on August 5.Investigators initially thought a responding officer killed Page with a gun shot to the stomach.But days later, authorities said Page shot himself in the head with his handgun after the officer shot and wounded Page in the abdomen.The Milwaukee County Medical Examiner's office released its investigation report on Page yesterday and ruled that his death was a suicide.Page, a US Army veteran, had links to racist groups and was a member of a number of white power bands with names such as End Apathy and Definite Hate.In its report, the Milwaukee County Medical Examiner's office said that Page's sister told investigator that he had a history of alcohol problems and underwent a personality change in the year before the shooting spree.\"She stated that his demeanor had changed over the past year and he had become much more intense, as if he had lost his sense of humor and wit and perceived everything very literally,\" the report said.She told the investigator that Page had moved to Milwaukee and had been living with a girlfriend and learned that they had broken up.According to the daily, the report notes that Page had three 9mm handgun magazine clips, a box of 9mm rounds and a grip extension in a left pocket of his cargo pants. Six 9mm casings were found around Page's body.Toxicology results, which would show whether Page was under the influence of alcohol or drugs when the shooting occurred, are not yet available, the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15935854", "title": "Apple-Samsung court verdict under cloud", "text": "LONDON: The jury foreman in Apple's landmark legal victory over Samsung, has a patent in his own name for a device that can be used in smart phones and tablets, it has emerged.Velvin Hogan reportedly filed documents with the US Patent Office in 2002 for the 'method and apparatus for recording and storing video information'.This also included technology for a wireless keyboard to allow users to surf the web and order films on demand, a feature, which is already available on Apple iPads.According to the Daily Mail, the disclosure has raised a huge potential conflict of interest as it is not clear if the patent has ever been bought or used by any tech companies.It is not known if Hogan's patent has been used or seen by either Apple or Samsung, but if he were biased in any way towards Apple it could have had a massive influence on jury's decision.Hogan, 67, also played a crucial role in the jury's decision to rule against Samsung in the civil trial.According to the paper, at the start of the second day of deliberations he told the others about what he called his 'aha! moment', which meant he could not defend Samsung's claims.The following day the jury followed his 'expert' view and announced that they were siding with Apple and awarding it 1.05 billion dollars in damages, the paper said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15918502", "title": "Political parties to decide fate of pay-n-park plan", "text": "PUNE: The standing committee of Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Tuesday left it to the leaders of political parties to decide the fate of the pay-and-park proposal for two-wheelers.\"The civic administration had tabled the proposal before the standing committee. However, we decided that the proposal should be forwarded to all party leaders for a decision. Let them take a call, then the standing committee will decide,\" standing committee chairman Baburao Chandere told reporters. He said the panel wanted a wider consensus.The civic administration had sent the proposal to the standing committee seeking its permission to reintroduce the pay-and-park system for two-wheelers on arterial roads. After the standing committee's decision the proposal was expected to go to the general body. Now, this proposal will be discussed at the all-party leaders' meeting scheduled next week.The proposal states, \"The tendency to park vehicles on roads in on the rise in the city because of insufficient parking space. This results in frequent traffic congestions, small accidents and slow traffic movements. As the central city areas are developed as per the earlier development control rules, the existing parking facility is falling short. To curb parking on roads and facilitate smooth traffic, a pay-and park system for two and four-wheelers is a must.\"Buckling under pressure from civic groups and citizens, the PMC had withdrawn the pay-and-park scheme for two-wheelers in 2010. However, the scheme has been on for four-wheelers on four city roads.Meanwhile the standing committee decided to carry out an inquiry in the housing projects in the city carried out under the Basic Services to Urban Poor (BSUP) programme. A committee headed by a retired judge will conduct the inquiry. The civic panel committee also approved hike of entry fees to watch models of Seven Wonders installed at Yashwantrao Chavan garden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15922491", "title": "Yamuna continues to swell", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Water Commission warned that the Yamuna would cross the warning level of 204m and settle around 204.75m between 3am and 5am on Wednesday .Officials said chances of it crossing the danger level of 204.83m were almost negligible for the time being. \"This rise in the river is primarily due to heavy rain in the lower catchment areas. Kalanor recorded 144mm rainfall while Delhi has recorded almost 80mm in the past two days. Releases from Hathnikund have not gone up substantially,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15918674", "title": "Youth booked for abducting MNC general manager", "text": "PUNE: The Yerawada police have booked a 22-year-old youth for allegedly abducting the general manager of a multinational company's factory in Ranjangaon and threatening to kill him if the youth was not awarded the contract to transport the company's employees.The incident took place on August 25 between Vadgaonsheri and Vimananagar between 6 pm to 6.45 pm.Assistant police inspector S L Dubal of the Yerawada police station said that the suspect, who hailed from Shirur, is a close relative of a political leader from that area. A complaint has been lodged by one Jaideep Anil Katnis (36) of Vadgaonsheri with the Yerawada police station.Dubal said that the complainant is a general manager of human resources (HR) division of the company. On August 21, when he was in his office, the suspect and his accomplices came to his office and demanded that Katnis give him the contract to transport employees of the company. \"Katnis told him that he will speak with other officials regarding this,\" Dubal said.The suspect alleged that the company had been promising to award him the contract since the last two years. \"He threatened that if this time he was not awarded the contract, he would pelt stones at the company buses and would not allow the buses to ply in the area. He directed Katnis to give a reply regarding the contract by August 29,\" he said.Dubal said that on August 25 when Katnis got down from the company bus at Vadgaonsheri around 6 pm, two persons forced him into a car.The suspect was driving the car. \"During the drive the suspects threatened Katnis,\" he said.The suspect then drove the car towards Vimannagar and met another more person.\"After threatening Katnis again, the suspect left him there around 6.45 pm and fled,\" Dubal said.Dubal said that the police have launched a search operation to trace the suspect and his accomplices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15913459", "title": "Good rain in Jaipur but dams run dry", "text": "JAIPUR: Despite receiving good rainfall , dams and water bodies in the city are bereft of water.As per the irrigation department's data till August 28, 2012, big dams are dry or the water level is low.The three big dams here are Ramgarh, Chapparwada and Kalak Sagar. The Ramgarh dam with a capacity of 19.82m remains dry. Whereas water level in Kalak Sagar is 0.76m against its capacity of 7.93m. Chapparwada dam has the highest water level, i.e., 2.11m against the capacity of 5.18m. Data reveal dam is only 21.72% full.Dams having a capacity of up to 4.25m or less are no better. Out of eight such dams, two are dry. While water level in four dams is less than 25%.According to the data, water in Patan dam has reached only 10.98% of its total capacity, and Kanota dam is 20.29% full. Similarly, and only 14.36% of the Buhara dam has water. Chitroli and Bendi dams are running dry.In this category, the water level in Nevta dam has reached highest, i.e., 64.49% of its total capacity. Hingonia dam follows by being 60.53% full.Water level in smaller water bodies has substantially increased. However, Kukas and Dhabai continue to be dry. Chandali recorded the best figures with the water level reaching 100% of the actual capacity.The level of water has reached 2.74m in Sheel ki Doongri, which is 55.87% of its total capacity. At Shiv ki Doongri, the water level has risen to 3.48m, which is 46% of its capacity.The irrigation officials explained, due to encroachment and various government schemes the water bodies could not recharge despite receiving good rain. \"The state government gave subsidies to farmers to construct boundaries in and near their farms. This cut off the channel which recharges these dams. Also, encroachment is a major issue near Kukas and other water bodies which are close to the periphery.\"Jagdish Saini, a nearby villager, says as encroachment in the catchment area of dam still prevails, there is less hope that water will be recharged. \"The lake used to get water from as far as 60km. However, many anicuts and encroachments in the path of the dam are restricting the flow of water.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15920053", "title": "Firm owner 'reveals little' during Crime Branch interrogation", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chairman and managing director of Seashore Group of Companies Prashant Kumar Das reportedly dodged most of the questions during the Crime Branch interrogation here on Tuesday. Das, following a recent Orissa high court order, appeared before the investigating agency probing the alleged multi-crore bungling by his firm. Cases were registered against Das and five other directors (his wife and relatives) of the company for allegedly siphoning off public money to the tune of nearly Rs 450 crore into other business.Sources revealed that the economic offences wing of the Crime Branch prepared a set of 60 questionnaires for Das. During the seven-hour grilling, the interrogators could not elicit any vital information from Das, relating to the company's modus operandi, transactions, investments and diversification of business without requisite credentials. \"He smartly ducked most of the questions and did not cooperate with the investigation. He even failed to provide some documents sought by us,\" a Crime Branch officer said.\"Being the MD, he was supposed to come prepared to produce all documents and answer all questions. He said his lawyer, banker and chartered accountant would furnish the information. His denial gave ample testimony that he was misleading the interrogation,\" the officer said.The Crime Branch has asked Das to turn up for second round of interrogation on August 31. \"We have served him a notice and directed him to come up with all requisite documents on August 31. We will then decide our next course of action,\" ADG (crime branch) B K Sharma told TOI. Das refused to speak to the media after interrogation.The high court, while hearing the anticipatory bail application of Das on August 16, had prevented the Crime Branch from arresting him and asked the cops to wait till further orders. The next hearing is on September 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15910671", "title": "Rodent bite: Hospital officials, doc suspended", "text": "CHENNAI: A day after a dead 12-day-old infant was bitten by rodents, which tore away part of her face, at the Kasturba Gandhi Hospital for Women and Children here, the government on Tuesday suspended resident medical officer M Ramesh, a duty doctor and seven paramedical staff.The government announced the suspensions after an inquiry by health minister V S Vijay, health secretary Girija Vaidyanathan, director of medical education C Vamsadhara and hospital officials. They said the infant's body was kept in a cradle opposite the intensive care unit through the night.At a meeting chaired by chief minister J Jayalalithaa, the minister and officials reported that the hospital staff failed to hand over the body to the family after the child died. The report also said that the hospital staff were negligent and had not protected the body.A postmortem on Monday concluded that the body had been bitten by an animal, but it was not conclusive on what animal it was. Doctors, however, said the body appeared to have been bitten by one or more rodents.The punitive action against the hospital staff may have been predictable but the incident brought into focus the appalling state of affairs. In some hospitals, patients are forced to jostle for space with dogs and cats, and bandicoots feed on discarded food in corridors lined with animal faeces.Hours after the baby's body was sent to Government Royapettah Hospital, stray dogs in Kasturba's neonatal ward started fighting and almost landed on a terrified pregnant woman. \"My daughter was frightened but pushed the dogs away,\" the woman's mother said.Patients said bandicoots have a free run of the hospital. They alleged that there were no senior nurses in any ward between Monday afternoon and Tuesday morning. \"When the nurses returned, we pleaded with them to take care of the babies,\" said Kasthuri Raja, whose sister was admitted to the hospital 10 days ago. \"They told us to mind our own business.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15919545", "title": "Panel against replicating US model for proposed 200 community colleges", "text": "NEW DELHI: Committee of state education ministers has recommended that proposed 200 community colleges should be called by a different name. Though highly successful in the US, the committee has said, not all its features can be imported to India due to socio-economic and socio-cultural differences between the nations.The committee \u2014 headed by Archana Chitnis, minister of school education, Madhya Pradesh \u2014 has said these colleges, with equal emphasis on enhancing vocational and educational ability of students be given a \"suitable indigenous name, which meets the character of these colleges aptly and meets the contemporary needs of the society and nation\".The committee that also visited the US to study community colleges has said in India these colleges should offer courses that are a mix of knowledge and skill components. Three year honours degree course could be broken into modules/credits specifying the total number of credits required for acquiring a degree. The skill component of the curriculum should be separately drawn.It has been recommended that these colleges should specify the credit requirements for awarding other qualifications like certificate, diploma, advanced diploma so that those who join after class XII and want to leave should have some qualification. These colleges have also been asked to offer short-term courses of various durations to the learners in areas where no formal qualification would be needed.Committee has said a student of community college will have the option to exit after completing certain credit points of a course and rejoin the course at h/his convenience later with full protection of credit already earned. Since these colleges are meant to serve the need of the community, local students would be given suitable weightage in registration. Central and state governments have been asked to lend support. States would set up State Level Steering Committee under chief secretary and representation from all stakeholders and the Centre would form a National Level Monitoring Committee. Cost of establishing these colleges would be shared by the Centre and states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "15918419", "title": "Thieves strike at house of hospitalized goon", "text": "MHOW: Thieves struck resident of a local goon and decamped with cash and jewellery worth Rs 50,000 on Monday night. The goon, Mukesh Chatpati, resident of Koyla Bakhal area of Mhow, was seriously injured in a street fight with one Shankar Verma of the same locality on Sunday evening after which he was admitted to MY hospital. His condition was critical and all members of his family were in the hospital to look after him. Making most of the opportunity, the thieves broke into his house and decamped with the gold ornaments and cash. As per the complaint registered with the Mhow police, gold ornaments worth Rs 40,000 and Rs 10,000 in cash were stolen in the incident. Investigations are under way.Youth ends lifeIndore: A youth committed suicide over family dispute. His found was found hanging by the neck from a tree in Mukti Dham on Tuesday morning.Police identified the deceased as Santosh, a resident of Vinoba Nagar. He was missing since Monday night after his family members had lodged a complaint against him with Palasia police for throwing tantrums in the house. Further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15917950", "title": "We will find 543 honest candidates: Kejriwal", "text": "BHOPAL: In a country with a population of 121 crore people, we will find 543 people with clean image to contest the polls from our party,'' India Against Corruption (IAC) leader and Anna Hazare team member Arvind Kejriwal said here on Tuesday.Kejriwal and team member Manish Sisodia reached Bhopal on Tuesday afternoon to address a congregation of IAC volunteers, 24 of who faced police action and were sent to jail on Sunday for agitating within the restricted security zone in front of chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan's official residence.IAC is likely to launch a political party on October 2. \"Unlike the system in other political parties, the candidates of our political party will not have to pay Rs 1 crore or more to get an election ticket. The process for selection will be transparent and with public participation. Candidates will be chosen from within the common people. We are in the process of formulating a technique to choose honest persons as candidates, ensure that do not get corrupt with power and to make a set-up completely different from the red-beacon politicians,'' Kejriwal told TOI.To spread its roots in MP, IAC will deploy fresh volunteers in every village and municipal ward who will educate the rural and urban masses about corruption by the Congress-led UPA government and the ruling Shivraj Singh Chouhan led-BJP government here. He claimed that prior to the elections IAC volunteers will uncover before the masses the truth about Commonwealth Games scam, 2G scam , Coalgate as well as allegations about chief minister Chouhan's dumper scam.Irrespective of party affiliation, we received barbaric police action everywhere for protesting in a democratic, non-violent manner. This proves that the Congress, BJP and other political parties all are same when it comes to dealing with common masses,'' Kejriwal said.The CAG report has revealed how chief minister Chouhan's recommendation benefited Reliance Power Limited by Rs 30,000 crore. A raid in the house of a state government peon reveals Rs 4 crore worth of assets and cash is found stashed in mattresses in the residence of an IAS couple,'' he added.Kejriwal contended that from the peon to the office of the chief minister, corruption is rampant in the state. He said the time has arrived to unseat both the UPA-Centre and the BJP state government.'' Manish Sisodia added: The IAC is an army of patriots. No one can stop the onslaught of this army any further.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15919826", "title": "Liable for contempt notice, HC to DSC", "text": "GURGAON: Punjab and Haryana high court has taken a stern view of non-compliance of its order pertaining to decongestion of the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway by the private concessionaire, DSC Ltd.The matter has been adjourned to September 3 with a direction to assistant commissioner of police (traffic) to depute officers to check whether on account of method adopted the traffic has been managed or not. NHAI officers shall also ensure that the process started does not interrupt the collection of toll fee. It is made clear that if the efforts made by the concessionaire/petitioner do not succeed in decongesting the traffic, the court will stop the collection of toll fee till such time that a proper method is adopted to manage the traffic.The court also deferred contempt proceedings against DSC Ltd till the next date of hearing, giving a chance to the concessionaire to apply the methods, suggested by the court as well as those adopted by the concessionaire, for decongestion.The court has directed the Gurgaon traffic police to file a status report on the methods employed by the concessionaire on the next hearing which is scheduled for September 3.While passing the order, the court observed: \"For non-compliance of the directions issued by this court, a contempt notice could have been issued to the concessionaire/petitioner right now. However, we are deferring that notice solely with a view to giving some more time to the concessionaire/ petitioner to apply the method, as suggested, to decongest the traffic at the toll plaza, in addition to what has already been suggested by this court on July 31.\"\"The matter has been adjourned to September 3 with a direction to the assistant commissioner of police (traffic) to depute officers to check whether on account of the method adopted the traffic has been managed or not. NHAI officers shall also ensure that the process started does not interrupt the collection of toll fee,\" the court order read.The court on July 31 had ordered the private concessionaire to install five additional booths equipped with computers on each lane on both sides of the Delhi-Gurgaon toll plaza, so that six vehicles can proceed on each lane ahead for toll collection at one go.Before that on July 5, the court had ordered DSC to install windows/kiosks on five cash lanes on each side and in that manner six cars/vehicles will get clearance in one go in one lane on an experimental basis. The traffic police in their affidavit to the court on August 16 had also said that the petitioner, DSC Ltd, has not implemented the court's order issued on July 31 and thus has committed contempt of court.A spokesperson of DSC Ltd said, \"We have experimented with a configuration where the two extreme left lanes were opened and seven temporary windows were placed in the downstream area for simultaneously collecting toll. In another configuration, five plus one toll booths where five temporary kiosks with remote terminals have been set up in each of the 10 cash lanes during peak hours. The results of the various tolling configurations would be collated over the next few days to determine the most effective configuration and these findings would be submitted to the court.\"In a related case pertaining to traffic police opening the toll barriers during traffic jams, the Haryana additional advocate general informed the court that sufficient directions have been issued to police personnel not to interfere in the toll collection. He further stated that policemen have been deputed to manage the traffic at the toll plaza.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15911568", "title": "This crusader makes the corrupt cower", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Corrupt government officials beware of this man's guts! He isn't any anti-corruption sleuth with the CBI, but a common man who is on a mission to cleanse the system and his record matches the best performing anti-corruption officials. In the last five years, Vishal Shah, 42, has got 10 senior and junior government officials, including an income tax joint commissioner and general manager of Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd ( BHEL ), trapped in corruptions cases.Also none of them have been able to get out of the water tight cases against them. Shah, who runs a pressure pump manufacturing unit at Vatva, on Tuesday, got two GIDC officials arrested for accepting bribes. \"People are scared to challenge government officers as they fear the move may backfire,\" he says. \"I have gone to the CBI and Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) against several officers, but face no threat. My business continues to grow and I face no trouble.\"Shah feels that more than rallying on streets, corruption is best fought if each affected person files a complaint against a corrupt official. \"Corruption has become a habit. But when these officials are caught in graft cases, even their families for whom they stash the money, don't support them,\" Shah adds, saying that those who remain silent against corruption are the biggest culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15917549", "title": "Probe initiated into forced hysterectomy in Bihar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Following allegations of forced removal of uterus of poor women in Bihar for insurance benefits, the state government has initiated inquiries under district magistrates against all such private hospitals that have more than 25% of all their surgeries as hysterectomy.Reacting to the allegations during call attention motion in Rajya Sabha, health and family welfare minister Ghulam Nabi Azad informed that while the alleged incident has no relation to the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), Bihar government had informed the ministry that no instance of unnecessary hysterectomy was reported under the scheme in any public hospital.The minister said, all the suspect 16,765 hysterectomies in 11 districts of Bihar have been performed in private institutions under the Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojana (RSBY).Two special teams were sent to Madhubani and Samastipur to make enquiries since the number of hysterectomies was found to be unusually high in these districts. While these teams did not find any major irregularity, they did find 10 beneficiaries out of a total of 42 to be 'dissatisfied', the minister said.\"The state government has asked the district magistrates to make enquiries into hospitals where percentage of hysterectomy is more than 25 per cent of all surgeries,\" Azad said. This was based on the assumption that on an average 15% of all surgeries under RSBY are of hysterectomy.In the case of Chhattisgarh, the minister said, the state government had informed that of the 34 cases scrutinized by a team of doctors, 22 cases were found to be operated without proper tests. Registration of nine doctors, who were prima facie involved in the case, was suspended by the state medical council. The order was later revoked on the condition that the doctors will not conduct hysterectomy pending investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "15919894", "title": "3 die in Angul road accident", "text": "ANGUL: Three persons died in a road accident near Kanjara village, about 30 km from here, in Angul district on Tuesday. The accident took place around 3 pm when the driver of a mini truck hit a motorcycle from behind killing them on the spot.The deceased are Nabaghana Sahoo (25) of Bidisingha village, Baidyanatha Pradhan of Sindurakhola village and Bhagirathi Sahoo of Laxmipur village within Thakurgarh police limits.Police reached the spot and recovered the bodies and sent those for post-mortem. The truck overturned on the roadside after the accident. The truck driver is absconding, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "panaji/candolim/canacona", "code": "15916985", "title": "Goa gets 8 inches of rain in 3 days, trees uprooted", "text": "PANAJI/CANDOLIM/CANACONA: Panaji received 205.3mm (about 8 inches) of rain during the last three days up to Tuesday morning, while other centres like Valpoi received even more, weakening soil and leading to uprooting of over 15 trees in several parts of the state. No casualties were reported.The steady spells of rains caused considerable loss to property, as trees toppled over residential houses in a few places, damaged crops and stretches of roads developed potholes.Farmers in Canacona claimed that nearly 25% of their standing paddy crops, especially in hilly areas, were damaged following heavy rains during the last three days.Speaking to TOI, Canacona zonal agriculture officer Rajesh Desai said Cotigao village saw the most damage to its paddy crop, followed by Poinginium.Canacona fire station in charge Namdeo Parwar said many trees uprooted, a few on residential houses but there were no injuries. Choked drains at Gulem were cleared by fire services personnel with the help of local youth, he added.In Calangute, heavy rains dampened the mood of locals and tourism industry stakeholders. Though some tourists enjoyed the rains, locals suffered as a banyan tree collapsed on an electricity pole at Naikawaddo, Calangute, on Sunday, disrupting electricity in the area.The road network in the state suffered much damage in some areas. The eastern bypass in Margao and some other areas has been washed off.PWD is yet to form an estimate of the damage. \"We are on the job and it may take some time,\" principal chief engineer JS Rego said. PWD proposed to initiate temporary measures to prevent further damage wherever required. \"Full-fledged repairs can be undertaken only after October,\" Rego added.Pilerne fire personnel were also called after a body was seen floating in the water near a hotel at Arpora. The body, of an unknown man, aged about 30 to 35, has been sent to GMC morgue, Bambolim.In Chorao a tamarind tree fell on the house causing an estimated loss of Rs 25,000. Firemen from Bicholim fire station rushed to the spot and cleared the debris. Water logging was also noticed at different places in Bicholim taluka.On Tuesday, lifeguards rescued a tourist caught in strong currents in Calangute. The entire beach had been marked as a no-swim zone because of rough weather.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15912072", "title": "Suicide: Wife, in-laws held", "text": "In a suicide case, police have arrested four persons, including wife and parent-in-law of the deceased for allegedly abetting Vijay Kumar to commit suicide at his Khuda Lahora house on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15913650", "title": "Principals learn how to make maths fun", "text": "BANGALORE: India gave the world the zero. India also gave the world Ramanujam, trigonometry, astronomy and computing. Maths is in our culture and our DNA. That's one reason why Indians are so successful in the West, especially in IT.International Institute of Information Technology director S Sadagopan reiterated this at the Times NIE Principals Meet here on Tuesday. He explained how simple mathematical tenets are part of our everyday life - from Indian astronomical calendars that predict eclipses with an accuracy of up to 60 seconds to data encryption based on a series of 1s and 0s.The interactive session saw questions on ways to inculcate in students a love for mathematics. Sadagopan said it's best to support those who love the subject and also support those who don't have an aptitude for it.A common concern voiced by principals was that with teachers following a set method of teaching, motivating students who did not have an affinity for maths, was a challenge. Sadagopan said the best way was to relate maths to everyday concepts making it easier for children to grasp.Careers in mathematics are seemingly few. But now, corporates hire PhDs in mathematics as do scientific research institutes and departments of space and atomic energy. He also highlighted various scholarships and awards globally given to those who excel in pure maths.Jaganathan C, director - education technology , Texas Instruments , talked about the importance of unlearning traditional teaching methods and presenting them in a more palatable manner. Dhanalakshmi Srinivas, director, JumpBunch, concluded the programme by emphasizing the importance of being physically fit, irrespective of one's age or profession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15911981", "title": "Finally, fisheries dept cracks down on poaching", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The UT fisheries department finally took notice of mass poaching of breeding fish at Sukhna Lake and on Tuesday banned angling and fishing activity till the rainy season was over. Taking police help, the fisheries officials evicted the anglers and poachers, who were using nets to trap large fish and seedlings at the regulator-end.The action followed a series of reports in this newspaper highlighting poaching of breeding fish and an inactive Fisheries department despite a categorical warning by the adviser to Sukhna Lake committee and Professor Emeritus of Fisheries M S Johal. The crackdown came after home secretary Anil Kumar directed that fishing at the lake be brought to an immediate end after the rampant poaching was brought to his notice by this newspaper.\"It is common wisdom that fish should not be eaten in the months that do not have the alphabet 'r' in them as they are breeding,\" Kumar said. The home secretary's word carried weight as there was not a single fisherman at the lake on Tuesday afternoon. More than 50 fishermen with hooks and nets were seen at the Lake on Monday evening.The UT fisheries department chose to turn a blind eye to the poaching at the lake even as UT chief wildlife warden Santosh Kumar had taken prompt action and mounted a vigil on the Saketri nullah flowing into the lake since last week. \"Three men of the department have been put on guard at the lake. We have also impounded 15 nets and a \"rehri\" of the fishermen,\" fisheries director, Luvesh Gupta, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15916452", "title": "Incentives available to women entrepreneurs", "text": "The directorate of industries, trade and commerce, government of Goa, runs various schemes in order to encourage women entrepreneurship and assist women to start industry for self-employment. This week we look at one such scheme run by the directorate-Incentives to women entrepreneurs scheme-and the benefits that can be availed from the same.Eligibility criteriaOnly partnership and proprietary concern are eligible to seek benefits under this scheme.These enterprises should have women ownership, to the extent of 100% in case of proprietary concerns and 51% in case of partnership firm, with condition that the balance share of 49% should not be held entirely by husband, father, brother or son of the applicant and there must be at least one additional partner other than husband, father, brother or son.Documents requiredApplication form available from the office of the directorate of industries, trade and commerceTwo photographs of the applicantDocuments in support of proof of residence (copy of ration card, voters ID card, or utility bill in applicant's name)Copy of applicant's PAN cardIncome tax return details for past three yearsAudited balance sheet for the previous three yearsProcedure for applicationAll the above-mentioned documents are to be submitted to the office of the directorate of industries, trade and commerce, along with the completed application formA task force committee then scrutinizes the applications and selects and recommends the quantum of benefits under the schemeBenefits under the schemeThis scheme provides benefits to women by substantially enhancing the quantum of assistance made available under other schemes run by the directorate of industries, trade and commerce. The selected applicant under this scheme receives:5% additional benefit under the local employment subsidy scheme, over and above the eligibility of the principal schemePreference in capital contribution schemeBenefit of an increased ceiling of 2% under the interest subsidy scheme. Also the 30% of interest paid is increased to 35% (subject to the overall limit of 8 lakh)Address/Contact detailsDirectorate of Industries, Trade &amp; Commerce, Udyog Bhavan, Panaji, Goa - 403001Phone: 2222241, 2422268If you need more details on the procedures mentioned above, email us at toi.goa@timesgroup.com with \"@ your fingertips\" in the subject line. You can also write to us at: At your fingertips, c/o The Times of India, Vivenda de Hassan, D Bandodkar Road, Miramar, Panaji - 403001Compiled by Rahul Rai", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15932841", "title": "From Bob Biswas to Pappu Bhai - not a long way off for Saswata", "text": "After playing a serial killer in 'Kahaani', which earned him recognition all over the country, actor Saswata Chatterjee has now turned a film producer, albeit in a movie.From Bob Biswas in 'Kahaani' to Pappu Bhai in 'Damadol', the Bengali film where he plays a film producer -- how much difference does he see?\"Not much, in a way,\" he said coolly.Bob is a hardcore killer while Pappu rides roughshod over creative-minded people in a film.\"Pappu Bhai - please note gangsters are dubbed bhais in Hindi films - thinks he knows everything about his film and imposes his opinion on the crew,\" Saswata explained.His Pappu Bhai character appears in an item number in 'Damadol' which is a comedy flick.Asked when people can expect him to act in another Hindi film, Saswata said they have to wait till next March, perhaps, adding that recognition after ' Kahaani' was just incidental.\"For me getting recognition in 'Kahaani' is incidental. I never look at things that way. I have to grab audience attention even if I don't last beyond 2-3 minutes before the camera.\"\"In 'Kahaani', I did not have more than 15 minutes in the whole movie and my character has dialogues for not more than two minutes. Still, the audience remember me for that role,\" Saswata said on location shooting for 'Damadol' at a city studio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15934905", "title": "Selva surprises his wife", "text": "Director Selvaraghavan has been shooting for Irandam Ulagam in Georgia for a long time now and undoubtedly, his family and friends have been missing him a lot. His wife Gitanjali however, got a huge surprise when the ace director took a break and flew down to Chennai. Selva was also delighted to see his baby daughter, Lilavati and spent quality time, bonding with her and his wife. The couple even went to the Marina beach for a long walk and was spotted eating sundal. They even met up a fortune teller. It looks like its one family time for director Selvaraghavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15918408", "title": "Manoj Parmar held for fraud", "text": "INDORE: Police on Tuesday arrested history-sheeter Manoj Parmar, who was shot at on July 30 during Kanwad yatra, on charges of procuring SIM card through fraudulent means by the Malharganj Police, here. Parmar was taken into police custody soon after his discharge from the hospital. He was being treated for the bullet shot that he had suffered during the Kanwad yatra.According to TI Sitaram Yadav, Rajesh Wani has lodged a complaint under section 66 (A), 66 (B), 66 (C) and section 420 of the IPC for fraudulently using SIM card. Quoting the complainant, TI Yadav said Rajesh had misplaced his SIM card some months ago, and has not been using since then. TI Yadav said as per the IT Act, using others' SIM card without the permission of the owners is an offence. \"And Manoj had been using the SIM card for last several months,\" said the TI adding that Manoj was under the pre-emptive arrest from Monday after his discharge from the hospital for recording his statement. However, said the TI, during his interrogation it was found that Manoj was fraudulently using the SIM card of Rajesh Wani.Currently, he is in central jail and would be produced before the court on Thursday.Manoj in his FIR had earlier mentioned the name of MLA (BJP) Sudarshan Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15911906", "title": "Motorist dies after suffering heart attack", "text": "MUMBAI: A 56-year-old man lost control of his car\u2014driving it over the footpath\u2014after allegedly suffering a heart attack in Bandra (W) on Tuesday. He died soon after being admitted to a hospital.A security guard, Sushant Mishra, who was standing on the footpath, sustained injuries after the car hit him. Mishra was taken to a hospital and is out of danger, said police.Wadhwa, a Bandra resident, was on his way to office around 10.30am when the incident took place. He was alone in the car and suddenly lost control while taking a turn near Tawa Hotel, said police.Mishra, who was out to have tea when the accident took place, told the police that the car hit him before he could move away. Passersby rushed Wadhwa, who was critical, and Mishra to Bhabha Hospital. Bandra police have registered an accidental death case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "15913332", "title": "Trial resumes in Bhanwari case", "text": "JODHPUR: The counsels representing former state minister Mahipal Maderna in Bhanwari Devi murder case surprised everyone by telling a court here on Tuesday that the CD showing the nurse and the politician in a compromising position was fake. The counsels also said that it was an effort of Maderna's political opponents including Shambhu Singh Khetasar to malign his image.The arguments were made by senior advocate Jagmal Singh Choudhary while representing Maderna in the court of additional chief judicial magistrate (SC/ST cases) on Tuesday. The defense started its arguments on the charge frame hearing. The CBI which is prosecuting Maderna and other accused in the case had completed its arguments earlier.\"Maderna did not know Bhanwari Devi and had no relations with her. The case was fabricated against Maderna by his political opponent Shambhu Singh Khetasar who had fought assembly election from Osian constituency against him. There is no direct evidence against Maderna, where he had given go ahead to kill Bhanwari,\" Choudhary told the court.The defense further argued that the so-called CD had been shown on July 23 last year by a private news channel, so there was no point in hatching the conspiracy of Bhanwari's murder in August and September.the counsel of Mahipal Maderna, Shahabuddin and Baldev alias Balia completed his arguments, which lasted for over two hours.The court had earlier rejected applications of Malkhan Singh Bishnoi and Paras Ram Bishnoi, who wanted deletion of certain things from the chargesheet.The counsel of Bishna Ram Bishnoi and his three gang members -- Kailash Jakhar, Om Prakash Bishnoi and Ashok Bishnoi -- also started arguments on Tuesday, which will continue on Wednesday.All the 15 accused in the case except Maderna appeared in the court on Tuesday.Regarding Shahabuddin and Balia, he argued that there is no proof that Bhanwari was seen with them on September 1, 2011.On the other hand, in response of the CBI seeking permission from the court to proceed with the auction of the property of Indra Bishnoi, her children moved an application in the ACJM court (CBI Cases) in protest against the auction. They mentioned in the application that the house to be auctioned is given on rent and it is the sole means of sustenance for them. The court has listed the matter for hearing on September 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15911687", "title": "Zesty Amdavadis welcome Onam", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Malayalis here may be away from their homeland and the Onam frenzy in Kerala, but it is tough to stifle the enthusiasm on their biggest festival. It is that time of the year again when flower carpets are laid, grand meals are prepared, new clothes are gifted and most importantly, families get together to celebrate.Vice-president of Ahmedabad Kerala Samajam C V Narayanan said, \"Onam is the passion of people from Kerala. The beauty of the festival lies in its secular fabric. People of all religions, castes and communities celebrate the festival with equal joy and verve.\"Onam is the harvest festival of Kerala and falls on the first day of Chingam, the first month of Malayalam new year. The beautiful landscape of Kerala can be seen in its full radiance at this time of the year.\"The best part is that my children get to know more about our culture. Children eagerly wait for the arrival of Onam. They get new clothes, toys and everything they ask for. We prepare a pookalam (flower carpets) in the courtyard early in the morning and then get busy preparing the Onasadya or the grand feast,\" said Sujatha Jayaprakash, who stays at Satellite area.Women make pookalam to welcome Mahabali or Maveli, Kerala's most loved legendary king, who once gave people a golden era in Kerala. The king was so attached to his kingdom that it is believed that he returns from heaven every year to see his people living happily. It is in the honour of the king, affectionately called Onathappan that Onam is celebrated.Lip-smacking meal consists of best of Kerala cuisine including avial, sambhar, rasam, parippu and payasam. Some relishes like ingi curry (tamarind ginger curry) and narangya curry (lemon curry) are made a day in advance.While tradiationally Onam is a 10-day festival in Kerala, Malayalis in the city started the community celebrations on August 19 with a large map of India created by flowers and staging Kerala's cultural programmess. Ward-level celebrations will be at 13 places in the city as part of a month-long celebration.The celebrations will include the grand Onasadya on banana leaves in traditional Kerala style and cultural programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15912116", "title": "India inks MoU with Russia for making long-range Smerch rockets", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is moving towards setting up a joint venture with Russia for manufacture of long-range rockets, even as the Army launches a fresh bid to acquire self-propelled wheeled artillery guns, in the backdrop of the Bofors ghost and other scandals having thwarted acquisition of any new 155mm howitzers for 25 years.The defence ministry's Ordnance Factory Board on Monday inked a MoU for a joint venture with Russian Rosoboronexport and M/s Splav 'SPA' for the manufacture of five versions of the Smerch rockets, which have a range of 80km, to arm the multiple-launch rocket systems (MLRS) acquired from Russia earlier.The Army has three regiments of the 300mm Smerch MLRS, acquired for around Rs 2,600 crore, which are designed to neutralize enemy troop concentrations and command posts, artillery and missile locations with a land-saturating salvo of rockets.The Smerch systems can also be transported to high mountain ranges like the ones on the borders with Pakistan and China. ''The JV's aim is to indigenize the Smerch rocket technology. So far, we have been buying the Smerch rockets from Russia,'' said an official.On the artillery front, the Army has again issued a global RFI (request for information) for acquisition of around 180 self-propelled wheeled guns at a cost which could go upto $1 billion. The armament companies have to submit their proposals by September 20.Different scandals starting from the infamous Bofors one in the mid-1980s have ensured that the overall Rs 20,000 crore Army artillery plans for acquisition of different types of 155mm/52-calibre guns have been delayed for several years. The planned acquisitions, stuck at different stages, include 1,580 towed guns, 814 mounted gun systems, 180 self-propelled wheeled guns and 100 tracked guns.The foreign military sales (FMS) deal with the US for acquisition of 145 M-777 ultra-light howitzers, worth around $647 million, however, is likely to materialize soon. The Army wants these guns because they can be deployed in forward and inaccessible areas by helicopters and aircraft swiftly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15917946", "title": "All set, Onam celebrations today", "text": "BHOPAL: The set sarees and mundus are in place. Sweets have long been prepared. Just the finishing touches for the Onam sadya are left to welcome, Mahabali the famous king who ruled Kerala. The three Ayyappa temples and the Guruvayoor temple in the city will be holding special pooja and Abhisekhams in the morning.This year the demand for special vegetables, spices and apparel from Kerala had doubled and all the Kerala stores have run out of stocks of some items. A store owner in Piplani told TOI, \"We have daily arrival of fresh stock of vegetables, plantain leaves and bakery items but the demand is huge and at times it becomes difficult to match the expectations of each customer.\" Some items, especially vegetables are in short supply even in Kerala, he added.Meanwhile, malayalee families are giving final touches to their preparations to celebrate Onam. Suresh Bhaskar, an income tax department official said, \"Preparations are almost over. Just the readymade items which need to be there for Wednesday's grand lunch are being prepared. The raw items these days are easily available in the Bairagarh market.\"He said that the house has been cleaned and on the eve of Onam it is ensured that nothing is amiss. \"Also a traditional oil lamp is lit which will burn throughout the night. Myth has it that the lamp is lit early morning and \"\"Pookalam\" (floral carpet) is made to welcome Mahabali, the legendry king who is believed to visit every malayalee on the day.\"Wednesday would be a busy day for the Bhaskars as around 50 guests; friends and family would be congregating at their house. \"Office colleagues, family friends, my brothers and in-laws have all been coming to our place for the last couple of years. Even my children's friends would come while my daughter Shruti and son Siddhart would take leave from their school and college respectively. It would be one big happy gathering,\" he smiled.For the Unnikrishnans, the preparations are a little late as they are all office goers and working. N Unnikrishnan said, \"The curries should have been done by now but we are running a little late as my wife and I are both working. Also my son Sooraj and daughter Roshni are studying. Both are taking leave from their school and college for the celebrations on Wednesday.\"In Kerala while Onam is celebrated for 10 days, Wednesday is the main day of Onam; Thiruonam. \"Early morning we would go to the Ayyappa temple and seek the blessings of the Lord. Then the floral rangoli would be made to welcome Lord Mahabali followed by Onamsadya. Evening our family would participate in the cultural celebrations of United Malayalee Association,\" he said.Legend of MahabaliAs the legend of Onam goes, it is the day of the visit of King Mahabali to Kerala that is celebrated as Onam every year. The festival is celebrated as a tribute to the sacrifice of King Mahabali. Every year people make elaborate preparations to welcome their King whom they affectionately call Onathappan. They wish to please the spirit of their King by depicting that his people are happy and wish him well. Thiruvonam is the biggest and the most important day of this festival. It is believed that King Mahabali visits his people on the this day. King Mahabali is also popularly called Maveli and Onathappan.Mahabali of BhopalAnil Kumar Nair, an office clerk has been dressing up as Mahabali for the last eight years. \"It all started during a performance of Thiruvathira (folk dance) organised by Malayalee Welfare Society in 2002. That was the first appearance. This became very popular and later all the associations; UMA, BMA, SNDP etc started calling to make appearances,\" he said.\"The presence of Mahabali has great cultural relevance and is deemed auspicious,\" said his cousin Mani Nair. \"Before dressing up as the great king, I maintain myself in a sacred way like not eat non-veg items etc,\" added Anil, who has performed in many dance dramas in his native Kerala town as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15911775", "title": "790 acres of acquired home land lying unused", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For almost three decades, 790 acres of land acquired under Urban Land (Ceiling and Regulation) Act - ULCRA - for developing houses for the urban poor and middle class in Ahmedabad has been lying unutilized. Had these large parcels of land been used in phases, the cost of housing would have been regulated in the city. The Gujarat government today may have roused the Gujarat Housing Board (GHB) from its slumber after the Congress did a poll vault with its 'Ghar nu Ghar' promise, but the bitter truth is that any further delay will only lead to more encroachments on ULCRA land.Ahmedabad has the largest share of ULCRA land in the state. The land remains locked with the revenue department as there has been no demand for housing projects. The state revenue department estimates that almost 60 per cent of ULCRA land can be made available for housing. The rest of the land parcels are embroiled in legal disputes, or have become the sites of encroachments by slum-dwellers, or are home to unauthorized constructions.\"The state government is in a dilemma over whether affordable houses on ULCRA land should be sold after incorporating jantri rates as the land was free for the government,\" says a senior urban development department (UDD) official. \"This can be challenged. Swaths of ULCRA land are also available in posh localities of the city in the western areas. With land prices skyrocketing in these areas, a poor neighborhood will cause the rates to crash. The government should have the will to take up schemes in these areas.\"There is no shortage of land for providing housing for the poor in Ahmedabad, says district collector Vijay Nehra. \"A special committee comprising civic administration officials and government representatives can raise the demand for land for housing the poor,\" Nehra says. \"As and when it is done, we can begin the process.\" Senior revenue officials in Gandhinagar say that the encroached land on free ULCA patches in Ahmedabad can alone can provide housing for 40,000 people.\"We are already working on a housing scheme for ULCRA land,\" the UDD official says. \"Under this, we wish to rehabilitate slum-dwellers by making quality houses for them. We have seen that if the poor are given a decent place to live in, they maintain it well. Besides, we can also provide middle-class housing.\"Since the state UDD has allowed GHB to build 70 metre residential buildings with a floor space index of 3, affordable housing cannot be a pipedream for this city. With Sanand developing into an auto hub, satellite townships coming up in the periphery of Ahmedabad, and GIFT city developing rapidly, there will be a need for urban housing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15920050", "title": "HSIIDC may reintroduce EDC, fear Udyog Vihar industrialists", "text": "GURGAON: Last year in November, when the HSIIDC withdrew its demand for external development charges (EDC) in Udyog Vihar, industry-government relations appeared to be fine. The local industrialists, after ten years of legal wrangling, made the authorities relent. But now, it seems, the contentious topic of EDC will soon resurface.In notices sent to all local industrial associations, the principal secretary of Haryana has called for a hearing in his Chandigarh office, to negotiate the \"recovery of EDC in Udyog Vihar\" this Wednesday. The association representatives have termed it an abrupt move and have asked for a postponement.\"On November 17, HSIIDC withdrew the EDC demand. And the high court had ordered that the principal secretary will call us, and after negotiations finalize the EDC issue,\" said A P Jain of the Udyog Vihar Industries Association, who filed the petition ten years ago against collection of EDC.Although the new hearing is in accordance with the high court's directions, Jain said that he needs at least 15 days of notice before the meeting to prepare.\"We have written a letter to them saying that it isn't possible to come for the meeting at such short notice,\" Jain said, adding that he remains against any further imposition of EDC in Udyog Vihar. \"We will be going to the court again if they choose to implement the tax again.\"At the time when the EDC demand was withdrawn, industry owners were asked to pay around Rs 348 per square meter. \"Before that it was over Rs 400. Then they revised it, until they withdrew the demand. But now it seems it will be reintroduced,\" said H R Vaish, president of the Chamber of Industries of Udyog Vihar. He said that plot owners had paid the legitimate EDC amount when the land was purchased. \"From the documents they have given to us, it stands proved that no EDC is payable by us,\" Vaish added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "15911645", "title": "DGP orders probe against IG", "text": "GUNTUR: In an unprecedented move, DGP V Dinesh Reddy on Tuesday ordered an open inquiry into charges of irregularities in the transfer of inspectors by Guntur range IG Harish Kumar Gupta. The IG, who is alleged to have taken huge bribes from 44 inspectors in return for transferring them to lucrative postings in his range, is currently away on a mid-career training and is expected to return a month and half later. However, the possibility of him being summoned back to his station cannot be ruled out.The open inquiry is to be conducted by DG, law and order, S A Huda and Andhra region IG K V Rajendranath Reddy and will be held in Guntur spread over three days. Interestingly, Gupta was considered to be a protege of Dinesh Reddy and, according to sources, the DGP had no choice but to order the open inquiry as Gupta did not heed to the warnings given to him on several occasions after complaints of a similar nature were lodged against him in the past.According to the sources, the trouble in Guntur began almost a month ago when Gupta started calling inspectors from circles to vacancy reserve (VR) and kept them idle. Then, rumours started circulating that Gupta was keeping them in VR with the deliberate intent of increasing the bargaining capacity before striking a deal. A film producer cum merchant of Tenali town and a circle inspector from Nellore district allegedly brokered the deals between the inspectors aspiring for plum posts and the top cop. A price tag was fixed for not touching the inspectors already working in the prime stations and another rate was said to have been fixed for posting in the law and order stations in rural areas. The bribe amounts ranged from Rs 4 lakh to Rs 10 lakh depending on the circle, the sources added.IG Gupta's decision to shuffle the inspectors by shifting nearly 44 circle inspectors in the range just two days before leaving for training led to several upset inspectors lodging complaints directly with the DGP. Dinesh Reddy then cancelled all the transfers effected by Gupta within 24 hours after the orders were issued and ordered an inquiry. The inspectors thought that it could be a departmental inquiry where the senior officers would finish the probe just by going through a few records pertaining to the transfers. However, the DGP has ordered an open inquiry into the whole episode.S A Huda and Rajendranath Reddy would sit in Guntur for three days and record complaints from the affected officials, provided they come forward. The probe team would spare time on September 3 for Guntur district officials, September 4 for Prakasam and September 5 for Nellore officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15919288", "title": "The govt must recognise that the best way of eliminating child labour is to eliminate poverty", "text": "The fact that the amended law takes into account conventions of the International labour Organisation and our own right to education legislation is welcome as is the intent of getting rid of child labour. However, we would be fooling ourselves if we thought the right law is all we need. India has some of the best laws in the world accompanied by an abysmally poor implementation record. It would be tragic if this were to become just another example. Strict enforcement clearly is an important part of the job, but equally governments must recognise that the best way of eliminating child labour is to eliminate poverty. If we lose the war against poverty, we cannot win the battle against child labour.Related story:  Cabinet okays total ban on employing children below 14", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15917225", "title": "Fix problems of flood victims: CS", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief secretary Jawed Usmani has directed the divisional commissioners and district magistrates of flood-affected areas of the state to solve the problems of flood victims at the local level by undertaking regular inspections of the flood relief camps. He said that the work related to repair of damaged pipelines and pumping sets should be completed on a priority basis in order to ensure drinking water supply to the people of these areas.The chief secretary, who was reviewing flood relief works at his office on Tuesday, directed the officials to ensure availability of medicines and vaccines at flood relief camps in order to check spread of diseases. He warned that strict action would be taken against the concerning officers in case any untoward incident takes place in the flood affected area or any laxity is found in flood relief works.He has also directed principal secretary, food and civil supplies to prepare a work plan to tackle malnutrition and also ensure availability of foodgrains and other consumer articles to the people in case of emergency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15914734", "title": "HC: Let Tumkur not become another Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Take care so as to prevent Tumkur city from becoming a \"dead, debri-ridden and dustbin city''. While making an oblique reference to garbage city Bangalore, Justice Ram Mohan Reddy on Tuesday thus advised Rohini Sindhuri, in charge commissioner of the city corporation of Tumkur.In a relief to Sindhuri, the judge recalled the order issued on August 24 asking the state government to send her on maternity leave for non-appearance in court in relation to a case. Sindhuri, an assistant commissioner, is officiating as incharge commissioner in Tumkur.The judge passed the order after the officer explained to the court that the petitioner did not take sanitary connection despite it being available. The court then directed the petitioner to pay Rs 3,500 immediately to get the sanitary connection.Notice to state on catfish-rearingThe high court on Tuesday ordered notices to the state and Centre on a PIL against allowing rearing of catfish in and around Bagalur area on the outskirts of the city.The division bench headed by Justice K Sridhara Rao also ordered notices to Karnataka State Pollution Control Board, Indian Air Force, BIA and others in response to a petition filed by DM Moulla and others.The petitioners claimed that though catfish-rearing was prohibited, the authorities were allowing it despite numerous complaints. \"African catfish are reared in ponds in Razak Palya, Mastan Sab Palya and Buden Saab Palya. It generates bad smell in the area affecting the health of the residents. It also encourages vultures and other birds, apart from stray dogs,\" the petitioners have stated.Single bench order upheldA division bench headed by Justice K L Manjunath on Tuesday disposed of a writ appeal filed by the state government while upholding the single bench order wherein section 20 of the Karnataka Slum Areas Improvement and Clearance Act 1973 was held to be unconstitutional.The bench however observed that it is open to the state to amend the section.On September 20, 2007, the single bench while striking down section 20, had asked the state to award compensation as per sections 23 and 24 of the land acquisition Act which called for payment of market value when lands were acquired for the Slum Clearance Board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15930600", "title": "Introducing Asian Street Remix", "text": "\"ASR was formed in 2005 by 2 best friends with a passion for Bhangra/Giddha dancing. ASR was initially a female only group, however, in order to reach the creative heights which they had envisioned, we decided to develop and expand our group. ASR is still a predominantly female group, but we are now a mixed team, \"says ASR.Who guides or you can say who is the head of this group? How many members are there in your group? There are two team captains who run ASR, they are Roma Nahar and Anjli Prit. ASR is an ever expanding group, so there is never a set amount of dancers, however, we currently have 11 dancers.Does your team has a slogan? Our slogan is 'Mixing Yesterdays Traditions, With Todays Culture'With the forthcoming competition Bhangra Wars 2012 only a month away -what would you say are your groups most strongest elements? Creativity with a contemporary twist, our high energy levels and the surprise elements that we incorporate into our routine.What are your thoughts on music and live Bhangra? It's encouraging to see that there is a platform for both live and music sets in the UK . ASR appreciates the traditionalism and authenticity of live sets, but we relish in the creativity of musical sets.How much does winning Bhangra Wars 2012 mean to your team? More so than winning the competition, recognition for all our hard work, being appreciated for what we stand for and what ASR brings to the stage is a victory in itself.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15932385", "title": "Rishika Singh gets a new offer", "text": "Actress Rishika Singh, daughter of award winning film director and producer S.V Rajendra Singh Babu and sister of famous actor Adithya will soon be seen as an anchor on a show. The show will be aired on Zee Kannada and has been titled 'Ragale with Rishika'. The actress will interact with many well known stars and film personalities of the Kannada film industry on this show and get up, close and personal with them.According to Zee TV sources the programme will be a no holds barred interview with the film stars to unravel many unknown facts about them and their reaction to various gossips surrounding the artists. The show will start from September, 8th.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15918240", "title": "Special pooja at Ayyappa temple to mark Onam", "text": "INDORE: Staff and students of the SICA S S School, Scheme no-78 turned up in traditional attires to celebrate 'Onam' on Tuesday, a day ahead of the actual festival day. Girls in set sarees performed \"Kaikottakali,\" a traditional dance form, while the boys enacted \"Vallamkali\" the famous boat race of Kerala.The students performed a small skit depicting the importance and myth behind the festival. Teachers and students decorated a \"Pookalam,\" a floral carpet while children were also dressed up as the legendary King Mahabali and Vaman. Mahabali is believed to visit the malayalees and learn about their well-being on Onam.The programme was organized by Sujata Keswan. She told TOI, \"We organized the programme to let the students know about Onam festival and how it is celebrated.The trustee of the school P Babuji and the principal Dr Madhukar Pawar greeted the staff and students on the occasion of Onam.Meanwhile, preparations for the festival were at a full swing at the Ayyappa temple situated at Mahalaxmi Nagar. The priest Kannan said that the temple will open at 5:30 am with the Ganesha pooja. \"The special pooja of Lord Ayyappa will start with Abhishekam with sandalwood, milk, and coconut- water. Then we perform a Maha Aarti with Kapur. We also perform a pushpanjali pooja where we worship flowers,\" says the priest.R S Pillai the president of Ayyappa Temple Association says, \"Many malayalees visit the temple on Onam. The temple will be open till 12 noon and then again open at 6 pm and the second pooja will start from 7:30 pm. Devotees have have booked for prasadam (payasam) to offer it to Lord Ayyappa.P Ashok and Jeena Janardhan who work at Mumbai Hospital said that like other Keralites they too have taken a special leave on Wednesday and will attend the special pooja at the temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15918919", "title": "Peace meet after tension in Jamshedpur", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: In wake of series of violent incidents apparently threatening the communal harmony in the city, the district administration convened the meeting of the Central Peace Committee (CPC) here on Tuesday. .The hurriedly called meeting assumes significance in light of tension that prevailed in Telco police station area on Monday evening following the alleged eve-teasing of a girl by some youths of a particular community.The two-hours long meeting was attended by DC Himani Pandey, SSP Akhilesh Jha and city SP Ajay Linda wherein they appealed to the committee members to join hands in maintaining peace in the city.\"We should be alert and work in tandem to address petty issues at the local level,\" the DC said. On his part, the SSP urged upon the committee members, social workers and intellectuals to cooperate with the police in ensuring law and order.\"The interaction was basically a dialogue between the civil society and the district administration wherein the topic was to focus on ways and means to maintain communal harmony in the district,\" said CPC functionary Ram Babu Singh.Along with the peace committee members, representatives of political parties and community heads participated in the conference.The city had witnessed a religious organization's violent demonstration at the district headquarters on August 10 that went berserk while registering protest against atrocities on Muslims in Assam and Myanmar and subsequently on August 21 unruly teenager's gang attacked the people and damaged property in the amusement park for unspecified reason.The two said incidents evoked widespread anger among the denizens and district police administration, in particular, had a tough time to maintain peace and order in the city.The effective response of the police in arresting over 20 accused in the said two separate incidents calmed the nerves of a specific ruling political party that was planning to call for a bandh in protest against such incidents.With festive season almost beginning the district administration is not willing to be casual vis-a-vis law and order of the city is concerned and visibly reasserted its alertness through the peace meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15910144", "title": "Developers asked to start projects 'immediately'", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The Greater Noida Industrial Development Authority (GNIDA) has decided to not lose any more time and ordered developers to resume construction work in Noida Extension immediately. This direction comes as all pre-conditions to resume construction work in the area have been finally met.In a meeting on Monday with 25 major developers, Greater Noida Authority CEO Rama Raman directed them to resume all stalled construction work with \"immediate effect.\" Raman also asked them to start paying their due instalments for the period between October 21, 2011 and August 2012 so that the Authority can resume halted development work.The developers owe the Authority a total of about Rs 20,000 crore as instalment for the land allotted to them in Noida Extension almost three years ago. However, as per the initial agreement, the entire amount is to be paid to the Authority in instalments spread over eight years.GNIDA has already collected nearly Rs 300 crore from the developers. However, following the Allahabad high court order on October 21, 2011, directing developers and GNIDA to stop work in Noida Extension, most developers stopped paying the due instalments. Developers owe the Authority around Rs 1,000 crore for the period between October 21, 2011 and now.However, the Authority has not given any deadline to the developers to pay up and has also assured them that no interest will be charged from them on the due instalments. This respite of the 'zero period' will also be applicable to buyers regarding their instalments due to the developers.In a meeting with homebuyers in the evening, Raman assured them that developers will not hike the rates for existing investors. The Authority has also decided to call a meeting with leading banks to assure them of the marketability of Noida Extension projects.\"After a lot of effort, we have managed to remove all barriers in the way for the Noida-Extension projects. Hence, we want to request all stakeholders to cooperate and ensure that all projects are completed at the earliest,\" said Raman. \"We have asked all developers to resume work at the earliest, pay up their dues and be considerate towards the existing home buyers,\" Raman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15912040", "title": "HC seeks govt reply on contract teachers", "text": "HYDERABAD: The AP high court on Tuesday gave two weeks to AK Parida, former principal secretary in the backward classes welfare department, to inform the court whether the government would implement an order relating to continuance of contract teachers.The IAS officer was in the court in response to summons in a contempt case filed by V Mohan Rao and 121 others complaining that the officer was guilty of deliberately violating orders of the court with regard to the continuance of teachers employed on contract basis with the AP Residential Educational Institutions Society.Fortyfive schools under the society were transferred to the BC department and thereafter to a specially constituted society. However, it was resolved that none of the teachers would be taken on contract basis. This was challenged. The judge while admitting the writ petition directed that they should continue at the present work station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15918237", "title": "Cash stolen from two temples", "text": "PUNE: Unidentified thieves broke into two temples in Sadashiv Peth and stole cash from the donation boxes. The incident came to light on Tuesday morning.The Vishrambaug police said the suspects broke into a Maruti temple and Shitaladevi temple at Nagnathpar in Sadashiv Peth. The temple authorities did not lodge a complaint with the police as the donation boxes contained petty cash.The theft came to light around 7 am on Tuesday when some devotees noticed that the locks of the donation boxes were broken open. They informed the Perugate police chowkie.Police suspect the involvement of local thieves who may have entered the temple on Tuesday to steal cash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15916161", "title": "'Prevent godgoddo gambling at Chinchinim feast fair'", "text": "MARGAO: A memorandum signed by over 250 Chinchinim residents was submitted to South Goa district collector N D Agarwal on Tuesday, requesting him to take preventive action against dice gambling (godgoddo) activities which usually take place in the village at the fair during the feast of Our Lady of Hope.Last year, following an agitation and the subsequent intervention of the Cuncolim police, all gaddas illegally set up along the road were removed and the 10-day feast fair, that begins from September 9, was free of dice gambling.\"It has come to our notice that this year, the same elements who were involved in the godgoddo gambling over the years have made preparations to conduct the illegal activities during the feast fair,\" said Raison Almeida, who submitted the petition to Agarwal.Cuncolim police officials have said they would maintain a strict vigil during the feast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15931761", "title": "When a dancer changed a criminal", "text": "He was a hardened criminal who had resisted all attempts at rehabilitation - till a renowned dancer visited the Presidency Jail here and began a therapy session. Today, he has even appeared opposite award-winning actress Rituparna Sengupta in 'Muktodhara', a film loosely based on his life and transformation.Nigel Akkara, 34, was initially reluctant, but dancer Alokananda Ray and then Inspector General (Prisons) B.D. Sharma convinced him to be part of the activity, under a government-sponsored move to reform prison inmates through cultural engagement.Ray decided to stage the dance-drama 'Valmiki Pratibha' by Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore. The actors were selected from among jailbirds, and Nigel played the lead role of dacoit Ratnakar who transforms into sage Valmiki.That play transformed Nigel. It also helped in opening new avenues for him following his release from prison in 2009 after serving a nine-year term.\"I was mesmerised by the acceptance that I got after 'Valmiki Pratibha'. Sometimes, looking at my past, I have wondered whether I really deserve such love and affection,\" says Nigel, who now owns a cleaning and security agency and employs several former jailmates.With 'Valmiki Pratibha' becoming a rage, Nigel's acting skills and his real-life transformation became more commonly known.\"After 'Valmiki Pratibha', a lot of people came to know me. After I was released, I wanted to do something on my own. But though people took pity on me and asked for cleaning services, they didn't trust me. They remained suspicious,\" Nigel says.He was determined that fellow jailbirds should not suffer a similar fate after release. \"After lot of hard work I had set up my small company where most of the employees are former convicts. I want them to lead a normal life,\" he says.Nigel's big break came when he got the chance to play the lead role opposite Sengupta in Muktodhara .\"The film is not completely autobiographical; there is a good bit of fiction mixed in. But the biggest thing I got after acting in the movie was acceptance and recognition as a new person,\" says Nigel, who was paid Rs 2.5 lakh for the movie.Although Nigel's macho looks and acting skills have won him a following and he now has directors knocking on his doors with offers, he does not want his silver screen success to go to his head.\"In the last few days I have received several offers that I have turned down. I want to keep acting as a side profession. My main aim is to establish my own business. That way I can provide more former convicts with opportunities to lead normal lives,\" he says.Muktodhara has completed over three weeks at the box office. It has received rave reviews and is minting money. Most shows are housefull.Nigel, who wants to work with renowned directors such as Rituparano Ghosh and Srijit Mukherji, seeks to change the meaning of 'freedom\" for jail' convicts. \"Freedom should always come with peace of mind,\" he says.Apart from employing former jailmates in his business, Nigel also runs a home for children of prisoners to provide them a good education. Almost all the children in the home study in renowned English-medium schools.However, Nigel has now decided to close down the home and transfer the children to various boarding schools as city residents near the home have become aware of the identity of the students and are keeping them at arm's length.\"I thank society for giving me a second chance. I personally feel that someone who comes out of prison deserves a second chance. You can't punish a person for the same sin twice,\" Nigel told IANS.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15915808", "title": "Hospitals run out of room, ask patients to get treated at home", "text": "KOLKATA: With hundreds of patients showing symptoms of dengue pouring in everyday, hospitals in the city have stretched their limit and started operating at maximum capacity. Yet, thousands of patients have been forced to undergo treatment at home after being turned away by hospitals. \"It could be risky. But in the time of an epidemic, Kolkatans must take the risk,\" said a senior doctor of a hospital, pleading helplessness.Patients are now being advised to stay back, get their platelet count checked on a regular basis and report to hospitals. An estimated 5,000 dengue patients are being treated at home in Salt Lake alone. The number could be around 10,000 in Kolkata, according to doctors. \"It's possible to treat dengue patients at home since they don't need to be on a strong medication or under constant vigil. But for children and the elderly, hospitalization is advisable,\" said tropical medicine expert Saumitra Bhattacharya.Fifty-eight-year-old Ashish Ray Chaudhury had a sudden bout of fever on August 12. When it refused to subside till August 15, he got his blood tested for dengue. The report was positive. Ray Chaudhury, a central government employee and a Behala resident, had high fever and weakness. He consulted a doctor and was advised hospitalization.\"But the doctor, who is attached to a big private hospital, told me that there was no bed. It would be useless to try other hospitals for they were full as well, he said. So, the best option for me was to stay at home and monitor my platelet count,\" he said.The family had a scare soon. Ray Chaudhury's platelet count dropped substantially over the next three days. His wife Aruna, a nursing staff by profession, again sought admission at two private hospitals, but was turned away each time. \"He had high fever and was vomitting continuously. His blood pressure was low and the platelet count was dropping. I got worried but had no alternative but continue treatment at home. Fortunately, his condition didn't worsen any further,\" said Aruna. She had to rush to a private hospital with the blood report every alternate day till the platelet count improved.Experts said it was not necessary for all dengue patients to seek admission. But those with severe symptoms must seek hospitalization. \"Every hospital has a space constraint. It becomes all the more difficult to accommodate patients during an outbreak. But it's risky to ask patients to stay at home and rely on their platelet count checks,\" said Arindam Kar of Medica Institute of Critical Care.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15914231", "title": "5 years later, Nagpur University to open its Technology Park today", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University has finally launched the long awaited Technology Park, conceptualized by former vice chancellor SN Pathan in 2007. The park will be inaugurated at NU's Gurunanak Bhavan on Wednesday.\"It will be inaugurated with a workshop with renowned academicians, scientists and industrialists,\" VC Vilas Sapkal Sapkal said on Tuesday. \"Discussions on needs and problems faced by industries would be held and teachers would come up with solutions,\" VC added.Technology Park director Pradeep Kundal said the programme will showcase technology that students and teachers of NU have developed, along with the state-of-the-art-facilities. \"The interaction between industrialists and teachers will help improve our stature and get their advice,\" he said.Director of Technology Park at Pune University Rajendra Jagdale will inaugurate the workshop. Around 25 industrialists from Vidarbha region and 100 NU teachers would attend the workshop. There will be six presentations from industrialists and seven from university teachers during the daylong workshop.\"We have finalized the year's schedule of programmes for this park. It includes workshops on chemical technology, pharmacy, plant and animal sciences, among others. NU has even received grant of Rs5 crore from agencies like UGC and DST. Such parks are already in existence at Pune and the IITs,\" Sapkal added.Sapkal said the park will bring academicians, researchers and industrialists on a platform for mutual benefit of industry and society. It will provide an atmosphere of innovation and research and ensure skilled and educated manpower is available for industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15917761", "title": "1 dies as Assam bandh sparks street violence", "text": "GUWAHATI: Violence marred the 12-hour bandh called by the All Assam Minority Students' Union (Aamsu) and 30 other minority organizations on Tuesday in protest against attacks on Muslims in the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) areas. One person was killed in Barpeta. Police used canes to disperse supporters who pelted stones and attacked mediapersons. Aamsu and the minority bodies have formed a forum called the United Movement for People's Rights (UMPR) demanding President's Rule and the ouster of the Tarun Gogoi-led government in the state.The bandh had little impact in Guwahati and other big towns but it affected life in Muslim pockets of the state including Gauripur, Mankachar and South Salmara areas in Dhubri. Bandh supporters came out in large numbers to protest in Goalpara and Barpeta in lower Assam. At Gauripur, police had to open fire on activists who burnt effigies of BTC chief Hagrama Mohilary.There was tension in Barpeta where several houses were torched. Barpeta deputy commissioner Siddharth Singh told TOI that around 25 houses in Khoirabari were set on fire. One local was killed and 28 injured. \"Police had to open fire to bring the situation under control. Police and Army personnel have been deployed,\" he said.In Sonitpur, the Tezpur circle officer's car and one police vehicle were burnt. Curfew was imposed on Barpeta Road and in some parts of Tezpur. The police also opened fire at Jogighopa in Bongaigaon. Violent incidents were also reported from Morigaon and Nagaon and Sivsagar. Protesters burnt effigies of Mohilary, L K Advani and Bodo women's activist Anjali Daimary.Scribes were attacked at Barpeta, Tezpur and Goalpara, leaving six injured. There were also instances of vehicles being torched and police resorting to lathicharge. Rejaul Karim Sarkar, general secretary of Aamsu, condemned the attacks and said, \"Our activists were not involved. Gogoi has been a failure. People are dying everyday, yet he hasn't arrested anyone. It is a political conspiracy by the state government and those at the helm of BTC.\" Rumours of violence in Guwahati forced many people to shut their shops at Athgaon, Fancy Bazaar and Machkhowa. Air and train services were not affected.Objectionable FB posts in Ajmal's nameThe CID has registered a case against an \"unknown person\", who uploaded inflammatory and communal posts on Facebook in the name of All India United Democratic Front chief and MP Badruddin Ajmal. Additional DGP (CID) Mukesh Sahay said, \"We have not registered any case against the MP or any other person but against an unknown person. Anyone can upload a page in anybody's name.\" He added, \"We have written to the systems administrator to locate the IP address of the person who has hosted this page. After we get the IP address, we can proceed further. The Facebook account has already been blocked.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15919482", "title": "Cabinet clears changes to 3 key higher education bills", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cabinet on Tuesday cleared amendments to three important higher education bills. Approval of changes in the National Accreditation Regulatory Authority for Higher Educational Institutions Bill and Educational Tribunal Bill could pave way for the passage of two crucial bills.Cabinet also cleared amendment in the Central Universities Act that would lead to creation of one more central university in Motihari, Bihar. Central University to be established in Gaya is already functioning from Patna . After a protracted tussle between the Centre and Bihar government over the location of central university it was decided that with available financial resource of Rs 240 crore, two universities would be set up. HRD minister Kapil Sibal was opposed to central university coming up in Motihari, while CM Nitish Kumar had made a poll promise of that it would be established there only. Other political parties were, however, in favour of Motihari. Sibal, who backed Gaya, argued that Motihari is remote and would not attract the best faculty and student.Changes in the accreditation bill have been made to allay concerns expressed by key ally Trinamool Congress . It has been decided that there would be accreditation body even at the state level. The amendment to educational tribunal bill includes delinking the legislation with another proposed law that seeks to deal with unfair practices in higher educational institutions. Instead, of mentioning that the tribunal would deal with violation of unfair practices bill, now the term 'unfair practice' would be limited to violations of set norms by institutions in admission, charging of fees and related issues. Educational Tribunal Bill was passed in Lok Sabha last year and has been held up in Rajya Sabha since then. In the upper House, protest was led by Congress itself. Amendment in the bill would mean that it would have to go back to Lok Sabha. Bill on accreditation is also awaiting passage in the lower House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15921728", "title": "Andhra Pradesh puts cap of Rs 35K on fee reimbursement", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Tuesday announced a cap on funds released under the fee reimbursement scheme to engineering colleges at Rs 35,000. This would mean that in the case of students from weaker sections (BC and EBC) taking admissions in the 67 colleges whose fee structure was fixed between Rs 51,800 and Rs 1.05 lakh, the government would reimburse only Rs 35,000 and the remaining fee will have to be paid by the parents. However, the cabinet sub-committee might allow certain exemptions where \"poor and meritorious\" students could be given full reimbursement.The modalities on which students among BC and EBC communities will be exempted is being worked out by the committee of experts and will be presented before chief minister Kiran Kumar on Wednesday. Sources said that students from BC and EBC categories who have secured a rank of up to 5,000 in Eamcet could be considered for full reimbursement. The government might give full reimbursement to those who have studied in government schools and colleges, officials hinted. This would mean that the government will not simply depend on the income certificate of parents while giving exemptions.The decision to put a cap on the reimbursement money is expected to affect thousands of students who were planning to take admission in the 67 top tech colleges that have now got the legal sanction to charge up to Rs 1.05 lakh. Of the estimated 33,500 engineering seats in these 67 colleges, around 11,000 seats were filled by BC and EBC students until last year, who were beneficiaries of the fee reimbursement scheme. College managements are now expecting a considerable drop in this number. The cap decision might increase the demand for seats in 578 engineering colleges where the fee structure is fixed at Rs 35,000.Students who had scored well in Eamcet-2012, said that the only option left for them was to take admission in top government colleges of Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Osmania, Kakatiya and Andhra University where the fee structure ranges between Rs 10,000 and Rs 15,000 per year. \"While most top rankers opt for these university colleges, there is tough competition. So those who do not get through top government colleges will have no choice but to opt for tier-II colleges which are currently charging only Rs 35,000 as annual fee as they cannot afford the better private colleges,\" said Rani Karthika, a student who secured 8,900 rank in Eamcet. The government has been going back and forth on the fee reimbursement issue. When the state government suggested a cap in fee reimbursement last month, several political players including TDP and YSR Congress had conducted a series of protests against the same. Several BC ministers including Botsa Satyanarayana too had stated that there would be no upper limit for fee reimbursement.The state government directed non-minority and minority colleges to put up on their websites and notice boards the list of candidates taking admission under the management quota for at least two weeks. The list will be scrutinised by a competent authority from the technical education department. The list is expected to ensure colleges follow the Eamcet merit list in management quota admissions. The order also states that the minimum qualifying marks for admissions to management quota will be 45% for general candidates and 40% for students belonging to reserved categories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15913440", "title": "This helmet lets you think fake scenes are real", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have developed a new 'Inception'-style TV helmet which can decieve the human mind into thinking that fake scenes are real. Using the device, a wearer is unable to differentiate between a live and a recorded feed on TV. Even after the mechanism of the experiment was explained, some test subjects were not able to distinguish between the two.Scientists said that it was effectively the same process as that which takes place in the movie 'Inception', the high concept thriller from 2010. In the film, Leonardo Di Caprio plays an industrial spy who is hired to plant an idea in the mind of a businessman by one of his rivals, the 'Daily Mail' reported.The central conceit, is that in a powerful dream state we are unable to tell what is real and what isn't. The test involved a system known as Substitutional Reality which has been developed at the RIKEN Brain Science Institute's Laboratory for Adaptive Intelligence in Japan. Researcher Keisuke Suzuki told 'The Guardian' that it could be a 'powerful tool to investigate how our conscious experiences are constituted in daily scenes'. \"In a dream, we naturally accept what is happening and hardly doubt its reality,\" he said. \"Our motivation is to explore the cognitive mechanisms underlying our strong conviction in reality. How can people trust what they perceive? Answering these questions requires an experimental platform which can present scenes that participants believe are completely real, but where we are still able to manipulate the contents,\" Suzuki said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15910686", "title": "Jump and bump on city lanes", "text": "PATNA: Fasten your seat belt. It's going to be a bumpy ride, literally, if you're passing through the bylanes of the city. You may have to negotiate through the road in potholes and not through potholes on the road. Majority of the bylanes in Patna are in pathetic condition, either due to waterlogging or lack of maintenance.Shashi Bhushan Kumar, an advocate residing in Kankarbagh, said, \"Most of the roads in Kankarbagh area are in bad shape. Due to waterlogging and lack of maintenance, roads constructed only a few years back turned into potholes.\"Kankarbagh roads are no exceptions. It's almost the same all over the city. Shobha Henry, a schoolteacher and resident of Banskothi Christian Colony, near Digha, said, \"The condition of roads is awful and the situation in our area is appalling. Not only the roads are full of potholes but the drains are always overflowing. If it rains, waterlogging causes lots of problem.\"It's not different in the posh Patliputra Colony either. The roads are built of concrete and not of tar.Manisha Jha, a resident of Patliputra Colony, said, \"Most of the roads in Patliputra are full of potholes. It is so difficult even to drive a scooty. The fear of falling down or chances of my scooty breaking down always lingers in my mind while driving. In fact, some morning walkers have sprained their legs on these roads.\"There are many schools in Patliputra Colony. Parichan Paswan, a rickshaw-puller who carries children to and fro one of the schools, said, \"The roads have been the same for many years. During rainy season the roads get waterlogged. That is very dangerous as it is difficult to see where the roads are broken and where it is OK.\"Similar is the case of Nageshwar Colony, which also houses a lot of hostels. Pooja and Kanchan, who live in one of the hostels in the area said, \"The roads are broken. Unless you are aware about the potholes, it's difficult to set your foot at the right place. Even if there is no waterlogging in the area, it's hard to walk on these roads.\"Ram Kumar, a driver, commented, \"These roads are good for exercise. The cars also enjoy the jumping ride.\"The shopkeepers of A N Sinha Path also complain of lack of maintenance of their lane. Amit Kumar Singh of Sringar Bhavan said, \"The roads have been in dilapidated state for a long time. Despite a school in the lane, it is never repaired. After the main road was elevated, rainwater enters the shops.\"Arun Kumar, a resident of that area, said, \"Government is building so many new overbridges and flyovers, but is hardly paying attention to the upkeep of these roads.\"Different streets of Patna fall under different departments of the government for their repair and maintenance work.Nand Kishore Yadav, minister, road construction department, said, \"Not all roads of Patna are under the RCD. But those roads which are in our charge will be repaired after the rainy season, as pitching the roads with tar is not possible during in this season.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15934356", "title": "LiLo escapes prosecution in $100k jewellery theft", "text": "Lindsay Lohan will not be prosecuted in the 100,000-dollar jewellery heist, after it was claimed that she was formally named as a suspect.The Los Angeles County District Attorney has reportedly thrown out the case due to insufficient evidence, the Daily Mail reported.The news comes just hours after allegations emerged that Lohan had claimed Suge Knight's son Andrew had set her up.According to TMZ.com, the District Attorney's charge evaluation sheet states Lohan's friend Sam Magid who owns the home that was burglarised did not identify the actress as a suspect.The website also alleges that the potential eyewitnesses refused to become involved, so the lack of evidence resulted in the case being rejected.It was earlier reported that Lohan allegedly told friends that Knight was responsible and she was being set up for the theft, which saw designer sunglasses, watches and Tiffancy cutlery go missing from an all-night house party.Earlier it was believed that police had formally named Lohan herself, along with her assistant Gavin Doyle, as suspects - although they are both reportedly no longer facing prosecution.Lohan posted the story to her Twitter page in a bid to inform her four million plus followers of her innocence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15911933", "title": "Court frowns upon V K Singh's comments on Tejinder Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Tuesday took a strict view on the comments made by former Army chief Gen V K Singh on retired Lt Gen Tejinder Singh \"maligning the image of the Indian Army\" and asked the former Army chief to avoid using such language.The court's observations came after Tejinder's counsel Anil Agarwal moved an application seeking directions to restrain the former Army chief from leveling \"unwanted and unnecessary and blatantly false and baseless allegations\" against his client.V K Singh had, in his reply filed earlier, said Tejinder was pursuing a \"sinister anti-national agenda to malign and demean\" the Indian Army.The court disposed of Tejinder's plea with an advice to V K Singh's counsel that he should use \"considerate\" language in future.Metropolitan magistrate Jay Thareja also dismissed the plea of top Army officers that the nature of trial in a defamation case, lodged against them by Tejinder, be changed for enabling them to re-examine witnesses to bring out the truth, which is barred under the procedure followed.The Army officers had sought that the course of the defamation matter, in which they were summoned after Tejinder and others testified, be changed to a warrant case where CrPC provides the accused an opportunity to quiz the complainant and witnesses who have already recorded their testimonies.The court said the plea of Vice-Chief of Army Staff S K Singh, Lt Gen B S Thakur (Director General of Military Intelligence), Maj Gen S L Narshiman (Additional Director General of Public Information) and Col Hitten Sawhney was dismissed on merits as well as on the ground that they did not have any locus-standi to file it.Rejecting the plea, the court said that in fact, the accused Army officers were the \"best persons\" to depose as they knew better the \"methods and procedures\" of the Army than the complainant and his witnesses.The court posted for September 10 further hearings on the application filed by the four serving Army officials for grant of permanent exemption from personal appearance and also for arguments on Tejinder's plea for cancellation of bail granted to the five accused on the ground that they might tamper with the evidence.Tejinder had filed the complaint against the five, including V K Singh, alleging he was defamed by the Army through its press release issued on March 5, which accused him of offering a bribe of Rs 14 crore to the former Army chief to clear a deal of 600 trucks, a charge refuted by him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15915673", "title": "Petitioner serves legal notice to own advocate", "text": "NAGPUR: In a rare instance, a petitioner has served a legal notice to its own advocate alleging that a writ petition was withdrawn without consent. However, the advocate has refuted the allegations. Now, both have decided to battle it out in the High Court.The petitioner is a registered association formed by property holders of Saptashrungi Layout, situated in Sonegaon, in the name of Saptashrungi Vihar Owners' Welfare Association. The general secretary of the association TH Naidu told TOI that the legal notice was served on advocate Rajnish Vyas on August 6. Vyas was pleading the association's writ petition no. 5594/2010 filed against the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC).\"Vyas withdrew the petition without permission from the association. We were shocked to learn about it,\" said Naidu.The association was fighting a long battle with the NMC for not taking public space of the layout into its possession. \"Several violations too have taken place. The plot owners are deprived of open space. Therefore, we decided to go to court,\" he said.Naidu, in the legal notice, said that advocate also did not place several records and points before the high court despite it being provided to him. \"We had a strong case as records prove that the open space was not according to norms. The association had obtained various types of documents with Right to Information (RTI) Act to substantiate the case. We have sought a reply from Vyas.\"Vyas told TOI that he has already replied to the notice. \"I have done an honest job and placed all points before the court. The petition was withdrawn with the oral consent of Naidu who was present at that hearing,\" said Vyas, adding he is ready for \"a court battle\".The advocate also claimed that Naidu refused to submit the resolution to withdraw petition passed by the Association.Naidu countered by saying there was never any \"oral consent\". \"I was sitting in the back row during the hearing and did not realize when Vyas withdrew the petition,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15933572", "title": "Neha Dhupia turns item girl for Dhulia's next film", "text": "Neha Dhupia is the latest to join the bandwagon of Bollywood actresses shaking their leg on an item number with Tigmanshu Dhulia's upcoming film 'Saheb Biwi Aur Gangster 2'.Neha has shaken a leg to various songs during stage shows and this time she is thrilled to have her own full fledged item number in the sequel.\"Yes...I am doing an item song in 'Saheb Biwi Aur Gangster' sequel. I can't talk much about it,\" Neha said.The item number will be shot in Jaipur next month.Tigmanshu is making a sequel to his own 2011 hit thriller drama film 'Saheb Biwi Aur Ganngster'.In the sequel, Jimmy Shergill, Mahi Gill and Randeep Hooda will be reprising their roles from the first part, while the new additions to the sequel are Irrfan Khan and Soha Ali Khan .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15913881", "title": "Realty, politics behind garbage crisis", "text": "BANGALORE: Land sharks masquerading as politicians, industrialists and realty developers have ensured there is not much space left to dump waste in and around Bangalore, escalating the city's waste disposal crisis.While garbage landfills require acres of space, netas, industrialists, land developers and housing societies have ensured there's not a spare inch on the outskirts of the city.There's also a poll angle to the sudden garbage crisis. With assembly elections fast approaching, no city MLA, particularly the ones representing the periphery of the city, wants garbage to be dumped in their jurisdiction as they fear a voter backlash. The short-sighted policies of successive BBMP commissioners and lawmakers have also compounded the problem.Regardless of the party they represent, politicians have bought huge tracts of land on the outskirts of the city in benami transactions. The price of these properties is bound to increase manifold if an apartment or industrial project is proposed nearby, but a garbage dump yard will have the opposite effect on the land rates.\"The BJP is to be blamed for the present situation in the city. The government is not thinking on the lines of recycling garbage and finding enough space for landfills. As chief minister, Ramakrishna Hegde would go around the city once a week. This beat system would keep officials on their toes and they would come up with immediate solutions for the city's problems. That system is absent today,\" senior Congress leader RV Deshpande told TOI.Urban experts feel that none of the BBMP mayors or commissioners have long-term solutions for garbage disposal. \"BBMP must make it mandatory to segregate waste at source. Citizens must be made accountable. Let BBMP collect fines from those who failed to do it,\" urban expert SR Umashankar said.MLAs UNHAPPY WITH CM, ASHOKAThe city MLAs are unhappy with chief minister Jagadish Shettar and deputy chief minister R Ashoka , who is also in charge of Bangalore city, as both have failed to convene a meeting of legislators representing the city and BBMP councillors. Shettar's meeting with mayor D Venkatesh Murthy and former BBMP commissioner MK Shankarlinge Gowda last week drew flak from city MLAs as none of them were invited.\"I have directed the BBMP to find a suitable landfill at the earliest. The government and BBMP are also contemplating terminating the solid waste management contract given to a company as there are reports that it has failed to effectively dispose of garbage and violated terms and conditions of the contract,\" Shettar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15930980", "title": "Gujarat riots verdict: Former minister Maya Kodnani and Babu Bajrangi among 32 convicted in Naroda Patiya case", "text": "AHMEDABAD:A special court in Ahmedabad on Wednesday convicted 32 people, including a former BJP minister Maya Kodnani and Bajrang Dal leader Babu Bajrangi, in the Naroda Patiya case, the biggest massacre of the post-Godhra riots.The special trial court will pronounce the quantum of punishment for 32 convicts in the 2002 post-Godhra riots case on August 31, PTI reported. The prosecution has demanded death sentence for all the accused convicted in the Naroda Patiya case.After hearing all the sides, special court judge Jyotsna Yagnik reserved the order on quantum of punishment for August 31, a lawyer said.The cases were filed under various sections of the Indian Penal Code, including of murder and conspiracy. The maximum punishment is death, said a lawyer.The court acquitted 29 people.On February 28, 2002, 97 persons were killed in Naroda. As many as 94 bodies were found, of which 84 were identified. Three people are still missing.The court had earlier kept the judgment for pronouncement on June 30, but was deferred till August 29.The city crime branch nabbed 47 people and filed four chargesheets, but after the Supreme Court transferred the investigation to the special investigation team (SIT), 24 other accused were arrested including Kodnani.In all, eight chargesheets were filed in this case. The trial began in 2009 and lasted for more than two years.Special prosecutors Akhil Desai and Gaurang Vyas examined 327 witnesses and in all more than 500 documentary evidences were produced before the court. Those who deposed before the court were 173 relatives of victims who were eyewitnesses, 41 panch witnesses, 17 officials, 42 doctors, 44 cops, oneforensic experts and nine others.Former Gujarat minister Kodnani and Bajrangi have been convicted under sections 120 (B) (criminal conspiracy) and 302 (murder) of the Indian Penal Code, amongst others.The special public prosecutor sought capital punishment for the convicts, during the hearing for quantum of punishment.Desai argued that as this court has upheld the aspect of murder and criminal conspiracy, this is a fit case to be termed as \"rarest of rare\" and court should award capital punishment to the convicts.If the court wants to be lenient then at least it should award minimum of 20 years of imprisonment to each of the convicts, he argued.Opposing his contention, defense advocate Niranjan Tikani appealed to the court to show leniency towards the convicts, keeping in mind their family background and financial condition.Tikani also opposed the demand of capital punishment for Kodnani and submitted that her husband has been operated upon recently and is not keeping good health, while her son is studying in the US, so the court should consider this aspect as well.(Inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15917952", "title": "One killed, 3 injured in manganese ore mine", "text": "BHOPAL: One labourer was killed and three injured on Tuesday when the underground manganese ore mine in which they were working, caved in at Ramrama village of Waraseoni in Madhya Pradesh's Balaghat district.The deceased identified as Narendra Murtam, breathed his last at the district hospital, more than 50 km away from the village which doesn't have a proper health centre.The mine caved in around 11 am, when 20 labourers were working inside it, officials said adding that 16 workers were rescued. A case has been registered and investigations into the case were on, police said.After the incident, the district authority suspended the local Kotwar Anup Chand for not informing about the incident at the right time. The mine was being run by one A P Trivedi, police sources said.Meanwhile, the condition of three labourers undergoing treatment at the district hospital is stated to be out of danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15922245", "title": "Property link to 2006 murder?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Investigations into the sixyear-old murder case of Padma Bhushan awardee Dr Hemlata Gupta has got a push with police trying to establish a link between the murder and an attempt made earlier this month to grab her Rs 3 crore flat in Vasant Kunj.Hemlata Gupta (62), a former director and head of medicine at Lady Hardinge Medical College, was found murdered with her hands tied, mouth gagged and throat slit at her house in central Delhi's Prasad Nagar, right opposite the police station, on May 13, 2006. Gupta was unmarried and lived alone in the flat following the death of her father and sister.Police had found Hemlata's documents , including share papers, from Prasad Nagar. However, little was known about her properties, including the Vasant Kunj flat. \"We have asked the Central district police to examine the Vasant Kunj property papers yet again,\" said a source.Recent investigations have shown that Hemlata's name had mysteriously appeared on a matrimonial ad after her retirement. \"We will investigate if her killers had tried to make an entry into her house on this pretext,\" said the source. Police are also trying to figure out whether she was tricked by a relative after the death of her father and sister. Gupta did not make any will.Police now say the narco test and questioning of a TV mechanic, a servant of another doctor and a marriage bureau executive to determine her killer were \"highly misleading\" . \"The narco test indicated towards the role of the TV mechanic. Yet, independent witnesses said he had visited their houses in the trans-Yamuna region to repair TV sets during the time of the murder,\" the source added.Investigators are having a relook into this unsolved case after some people entered Gupta's Vasant Kunj flat on August 14 and claimed that Gupta had sold it to them. The flat had been locked since it was bought on January 28, 1991.After the RWA informed police, they came across two people both of whom claim to own the flat. One of them, Kaushalya Rani of Moti Nagar, said she had bought the property from Gupta and showed the power of attorney and a cash receipt. Another person, Ramnik Agarwal of Jalandhar, also claimed the same and said he had come with five others to get the flat cleaned and found Kaushalya. All documents were forged, police said.\"We are yet to arrest anyone. But we are questioning all of them as it seems they are planted by others. We are grateful to the local RWA for informing us,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "15911532", "title": "42 dengue cases reported in Vizag", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Over forty-two cases of dengue have been reported in the plains of Visakhapatnam district and over 345 samples have been collected in barely two months of this monsoon season. Last year, the district recorded a total of 9 confirmed dengue cases. Of the forty-two cases reported so far, ten are from the Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation (GVMC) limits including crowded areas such as Kancharapalem and Gajuwaka.According to K Venugopal Rao , MPHEO (Multi purpose health extension officer) at the district medical health office, \"The humidity factor and the accumulation of drain and rainwater in the thickly populated areas could be responsible for the outbreak.\" The official blamed the widespread usage of plastic bags, water pouches and non-biodegradable material for the outbreak of dengue.The district medical health office claimed that such dumps had been on the rise and ended up as active breeding grounds for dengue-causing mosquitos.Of the forty-two dengue cases, thirty have been reported from rural areas such as Atchyuthapuram (6), Rambilli (5), Parawada (5), Sabbavaram (3), Padmanabham (3), Makkavaripalem (2), Ravikavatham (3) and one each from Cheedikada, Koturatla and Bhimili.The samples collected are being sent to the microbiology department in Andhra Medical College ( AMC ).The Agency areas have by and large remained immune to the epidemic partly because the water does not stagnate and because of thin population.This year, there has not been a single case reported from the Agency area. However, the number of dengue cases in the urban, semi-urban and rural plain areas has been on the rise for the last few years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15909627", "title": "PIL seeks postal stamp to mark 150th year of HC", "text": "CHENNAI: A public interest writ petition seeking a commemorative postal stamp to mark the 150th year of the Madras high court has been filed in the court. The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice A Arumughaswamy, before which the PIL of M Swaminathan came up, adjourned the matter to August 31, after counsel for the Centre informed the court that he would get necessary instructions from the authorities by then.To mark the ongoing 150th year celebrations, Swaminathan submitted, the department had issued special stamps in respect of the Calcutta high court on April 21 and a special cover for the Bombay high court on August 14. But, in the case of the Madras high court no postal stamps have been readied for the occasion, though the court is scheduled to celebrate the 150th anniversary on September 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15919137", "title": "Judgment on Naroda Patia case today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A special court here is likely to deliver its verdict on Wednesday in the Naroda Patiya case, the biggest massacre of the post-Godhra riots.On February 28, 2002, 97 persons were killed in the industrial locality of Naroda. As many as 94 bodies were found, of which 84 were identified. Three people are still missing.The court had earlier kept the judgment for pronouncement on June 30, but had later deferred it till August 29.The city crime branch nabbed 47 people and filed four chargesheets, but after the Supreme Court transferred the investigation to the special investigation team (SIT), 24 other accused were arrested including former minister Maya Kodnani.In all, eight chargesheets were filed in this case.The trial began in 2009 and lasted for more than two years.Kodnani and Bajrang Dal leader Babu Bajrangi were among those who were prosecuted.Two persons Tejas Pathak and Mohan Nepali jumped bail, whereas eight of the accused have died while the case was pending.While one person was discharged, one accused person Vinod Marathe is still absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15931319", "title": "Trouble in Soham &amp; Mimi\u2019s paradise", "text": "It's raining sequels in Tollywood. Raj Chakrabarty, who joined the bandwagon recently with Prem Amar 2, has Soham playing the lead in his film. And essaying his dominating girlfriend is Gaaner Oparey girl Mimi Chakraborty.On Sunday afternoon, the director shot some song-and-dance sequences choreographed by Baba Yadav, apart from a few scenes in an iron factory in Howrah. Soham's character is seen to be working in the factory. \"It was extremely hot inside the factory, but with Rajda and his team around, it was less of work and more of fun. I play a shy boy \u2014 Noor \u2014 whose parents are against him coming to Kolkata. Noor is attracted to Ria, who lives in his neighbourhood. But the girl is so dominating that it confuses Noor. He thinks Ria is more of a teacher than a lover,\" says Soham.Ask the actor if his girlfriend, Tanaya, whom he is all set to marry on November 23 too is dominating like Ria and Soham laughs it off, \"No way. There is no such thing in our relationship. But much like Noor, who gets pampered by Ria in the film, I too love being indulged.\"Mimi, who is thrilled to work for in a commercial venture, is all praise for her co-star and director. \"The entire unit is so friendly. And I am in love with my character, Ria. I am just the opposite in real life, so it's fun to command a guy, at least for reel. Despite her tough exterior, Ria has a soft heart. She enjoys the fact that Noor is afraid of her,\" explains Mimi, adding, \"The factory scene was pretty cool. Ria lands up at the factory and asks Noor to take her out. Noor explains that it is a busy day for him, but Ria refuses to give in.\"Raj, on his part, says, \"With such an adorable team, the shoot is progressing pretty well. Both Mimi and Soham are doing an wonderful job.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15914788", "title": "Touts work as peons in Nagpur RTO", "text": "NAGPUR: The ACB trap exposed the lack of sufficient class IV employees was encouraging touts in city RTO as most of them are working as peons for senior officials.On Monday, sleuths of Anti-Corruption Bureau had caught agent Mahendra Wasnik who was 'unofficially' working as a peon for assistant RTO Sudhakar Dani. Wasnik, working as a tout since the last two decades, is not the only one among those serving senior officials. \"There are around 30 such agents who are serving as peons for senior officials here,\" said sources.The situation can be gauged from the fact that the city RTO office has a sanctioned strength of 8 peons or class IV employees. Of them, RTO has spared two for the job of guards as the office has no armed guards. Despite repeated requests, the transport commissioner's office in Mumbai has failed to fill the vacancy of class IV employees. In fact, all the departments are affected due to vacancies.To cope with the situation, many officials, including ARTOs and clerks, have made touts to work as peons. A clerk has employed at least seven persons, including two women, for various works in the non-transport department. In fact, they also made payments to these 'touts' ranging from Rs5,000 to Rs12,000.Team TOI on Tuesday found many such illegal peons working for senior officials. People, who visit this office without touts or middlemen, for procedures related to road tax, vehicle registration, licence issuance and renewal, have some gruelling task on hand.Applicants, requesting anonymity, claimed that the officials also use them for collecting bribes. \"Those who refuse to pay commission through the agent are failed in the test. One can see touts all around the place. It's clear that they are operating in connivance with RTO officials,\" they alleged.If one approaches directly, the RTO officials try to find some error in documents. They harass applicants who don't approach with agents. \"Fed up, people opt for agents to get their work done,\" said applicants.RTO Sirjerao Shelke assured to take action if his office receives any complaint. He also promised action against RTO officers found backing the touts.Meanwhile, Mahendra Wasnik, the tout who landed in ACB net for accepting a bribe of Rs200, was remanded to custody for a day. On the other hand, ARTO Dani did not report the ACB's action near his chamber to RTO Shelke and remained elusive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15911312", "title": "Ahmedabad woman held hostage in Karachi home for 13 years", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It has been more than 12 years since young Shirley Ann Hodges left her home in Maninagar with her beau. She went to Pakistan with her husband, but there her dream love has allegedly turned into a nightmare. Shirley, now Shabnam, has claimed that she has become a hostage in her own house in Karachi and her family is pining, hoping that she will be released by her 'captor'.Her brother, Noel Hodges, a businessman in Ahmedabad, told TOI on Tuesday: \"In 1997, Gul met my sister. He used to often come to Ahmedabad from Pakistan to sell blankets and mats and operate from a shop called Karachi in Maninagar. The two fell in love and got married in 1998, much against our wishes.\"What Shirley or her family members here did not know then was Gul was already married and had six daughters from the first marriage.Shirley also gave birth to her first daughter, Chandni, at a nursing home in Maninagar a year later. In 2000, she left with her daughter for Pakistan. \"But as soon as she landed in Pakistan, Gul allegedly snatched away her passport and locked her up on the fifth floor of his multi-storeyed apartment in Karachi. She also give birth to another daughter there, Sanjana, who is now eight years old. My brother-in-law (Gul) has never returned to Ahmedabad since then,\" said Noel.And, it is in this room that Shirley and her two daughters were forced to spend most of the last 12 years. Her family members in Ahmedabad almost lost touch with Shirley. The only means by which they could get some news of her was when Gul's four brothers visited Ahmedabad for business.\"The brothers used to show us photographs of Shirley and her two daughters. They also gave phone numbers but those did not solve the problem. The phone numbers were changed frequently and it was very difficult to know how Shirley was with her new family,\" said Noel.Shabnam's sister-in-law, who lives in the same five-storey house in Landhi area of Karachi, said, \"Shabnam observes purdah. She cannot meet anyone.\" The woman, however, said she was being forced to remain indoors.Recently, a family friend in Pakistan helped the Hodges in the case. \"We call him uncle. He gifted a laptop to Shirley which had video-conferencing software installed. Just three months back, we started talking to her and realized her predicament. She is being held captive in her own home by her husband. Shirley also told us that Gul has two passports - Indian and Pakistani,\" said Noel.Abdul Hai of Human Rights Commission of Pakistan confirmed that he had been approached for help by woman's family members from Ahmedabad and the commission is now looking at her case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15919409", "title": "Neeraj made coach of youth chess team", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Jharkhand's only International Master (IM) Neeraj Mishra has gone to Istanbul in Turkey as coach of the Indian team participating in the World Youth Under-16 Chess Olympiad to be played from August 29 to September 6.City-based Mishra, who is also the Fide trainer, was appointed coach of the five-member team representing the country. Narayan SL (Kerala), Das Sayantam (Bengal), Gagare Shardul (Maharashtra) and Akash PC Iyer and Chaithanyaa KG (both from Tamil Nadu) comprise the Indian team.Mishra has been appointed coach of the squad for the third successive term, said a member of the Jharkhand Chess Association. Earlier, he had accompanied the country's team to Russia and Brazil in 2010 and 2011 for the Youth Chess Olympiad.\"His association with the squad for the youth tourney will definitely help in terms of guidance to the potential Jharkhand chess players,\" said Jharhand Chess Association member Preetam Singh.For two successive years, India had been the title holders in the 2007 and 2008 editions of the Youth Chess Olympiad while in the last edition it stood fifth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15914980", "title": "RTO to act tough against unregistered vehicles", "text": "NAGPUR: In a bid to curb plying of unregistered vehicles in Nagpur Municipal Corporation limits, the regional transport authority (Nagpur city) has impounded 64 vehicles plying on city roads without number plates.Confirming the development, city RTO S Shelke told TOI that no riders can ply or ride any vehicles without proper registration number plates. It is punishable offence under Section 39 (1) of Motor Vehicle Act, which also empowers RTO to impose a fine up to Rs5,000.As per rules, vehicle owners have to get RC or registration certificate after obtaining a temporary registration number that is valid for only taking the vehicle to get it registered in other RTA offices, said Shelke.The drive was launched on Friday and till Tuesday, 55 two-wheeler and nine four-wheeler owners have been fined since they were found plying vehicles with temporary registration numbers, said the RTO.The decision was taken keeping in view the large number of complaints of regular plying of unregistered vehicles from city traffic police. The decision also assumes significance as a security measure, said Shelke.He also pointed out that ideally the registration number should be allotted to any new vehicle within two days of time. However, the delay is due to non-cooperation from dealers as they submit the documents late.The office has also directed all 38 vehicle dealers which include both two and four-wheelers in the city to deliver vehicles to customers only after completing the registration formalities. \"They were directed to desist from the practice of allowing vehicles on roads without having completed the registration formalities and not to entertain customers who plead for registration at a later date and insist upon having their vehicles delivered to them first,\" he said. \"The dealers were asked to comply with these directives with immediate effect,\" said Shelke. If any dealers are found violating the directives, their trade certificate will be suspended, said the RTO.Two squads have been formed, he said, adding the enforcement wing has also been directed to step up routine checking and impounding, on a priority basis, any vehicle found plying without registration papers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "lohardagaa", "code": "15919629", "title": "Ajsu leader booked for assault, sent to Lohardaga prison", "text": "LOHARDAGAa: All Jharkhand Students Union (Ajsu) Party central committee secretary Suraj Agrawal and his brother Tinu Agrawal on Tuesday were forwarded to judicial custody following their arrest by Town police on the charges of assaulting and demanding money the owner of Sandhya Studio Ashok Pathak and his son Vivek.Town police station OC PC Deogam said a case (no 83/12) accusing the Ajsu leader and three others including his relatives has been lodged following a complaint of Pathak. The other accused are Rajesh Agrawal, uncle of Suraj and Vinod Bhagat, a resident of Peshrar.In his complaint Pathak said Suraj and his relatives stopped him near Gudari Bazar while he was returning from a doctor's clinic with his son on a motorcycle. \"Suraj demanded Rs 50,000 from me as levy from the boundary wall construction work of Chunni Lal High School that I have undertaken. When I refused to pay, he with some of his relatives abused and beat up me and my son badly. We, somehow, managed to escape and reached town police station.\" The police officer said he saw Pathak being chased by the Agrawal brothers to the PS. \"I sent Pathak to Sadar Hospital for treatment. I put them into the lock-up and later on Tuesday forwarded them to judicial custody following Pathak's complaint,\" said Deogam.Suraj has also lodged a written complaint accusing Pathak and his sons of beating up him and his relatives. \"Pathak's son Monu had first come to me with a demand to convince the party MLA Kamal Kishore Bhagat to provide him any contract for development work. When I refused to talk to the MLA, Monu attacked me and later his father came and started beating up me and my brothers,\" said Suraj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15912722", "title": "Three community leaders may face conspiracy rap for August 11 violence", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai crime branch is considering filing criminal conspiracy charges against at least three community leaders who attended the August 11 Azad Maidan rally that was followed by wanton violence on the streets of south Mumbai.The SIT formed to probe the riot has found evidence against the three leaders, according to sources. They claim there is proof the violence was a conspiracy. The crime branch, therefore, is working towards adding Section 120B (punishment of criminal conspiracy) of the Indian Penal Code\u2014read with IPC Section 34 (acts done by several persons in furtherance of common intention)\u2014to the list of charges.Sources say the three community leaders were found blameworthy on three counts. First, the organizers took permission for a peaceful protest of around 1,500 people; but on August 11, tens of thousands turned up and the protest turned violent.Second, at least two of the community leaders allegedly gave provocative speeches, which the police feel may have triggered the violence; besides, officers claim, neither the organizers nor the leaders made appeals to calm the crowds. Third, officers point out that some rioters had brought with them petrol canisters, swords, iron rods and hockey sticks with the clear intention of indulging in, and fomenting, violence.\"We are examining the roles of the organizers and will take appropriate action,\" said joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy.An officer said legal opinion is being sought on whether IPC sections related to insult to national honour could be invoked for the vandalism of Amar Jawan memorial.Saeed Noori of the Raza Academy, who was among the 17 leaders present on the dais at the Azad Maidan rally, was unavailable for comment.Retired ACP Shamsher Pathan, who too was on the stage, said, \"I don't think the violence erupted due to any provocative speech. I myself repeatedly requested the mob to go home peacefully.\"Rizwan Khan of Madina-Tul-Ilm said, \"We did not have such intentions. But now, as things have gone out of hand, let the law take its course.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15916013", "title": "Chief minister job hint for \u2018dedicated\u2019 youth", "text": "KOLKATA: Fifteen years ago, when Mamata Banerjee walked out of the AICC plenary session at Netaji Indoor Stadium to embrace the challenges 'outdoor', she had few takers. The picture was completely different on Tuesday.Her tryst with the 'outdoor' seemed to have clicked as thousands of students from across the state gathered at Mayo Road to hear Didi - outshining the Congress student gathering at Mahajati Sadan.The chief minister began with a word of advice to her young supporters. \"Always keep your cool and be optimistic.\" She asked them not to quarrel, to maintain discipline, respect elders, be well mannered and inculcate self belief.She urged them to build a strong character. \"Nobody is born a leader. It is through years of struggle and experience that they become one. I was not born with a golden spoon. I began my career as a student leader and learnt from the various struggles,\" said Mamata.She was critical of people who flare up easily. \"Some people tend to get over excited. Never lose your head and start of a fight. Build a firm character first,\" said Didi, possibly referring to the repeated incidents of high-handedness by TMCP supporters in colleges state-wide.Mamata also made an indirect promise to reward those who would follow the seven-point charter prescribed by her for the party's flag-bearers in colleges and schools.Such dedicated party workers will stand a better chance of getting enrolled in an employment bank being prepared by the state, the CM hinted. The youth were asked to pay respect to their teachers on September 5. \"It doesn't matter if you cannot gift them flowers or an uttariya. Instead, write a poem and touch their feet,\" Mamata told the youth.However, education minister Bratya Basu did not mince any words while speaking to the TMCP members. \"It doesn't matter to you if anyone among you misbehaves. Neither does it matter to me. But, the blame directly falls on chief minister Mamata Banerjee. Please be careful as such acts tend to undermine the dream the chief minister has sown - to create an education environment bereft of political influence,\" Basu said to the one-lakh crowd.It was clear that the party chief whip is resolved to free the schools and colleges across Bengal of \"dalatantra.\"However, Mamata went a step ahead in bashing the media at the students' meet. She accused it of pandering to commercialisation and alleged that the CPM was spreading canards against her government through TV channels funded by it. \"The newspapers and TV channels are now frantically trying to catch the markets,\" Mamata said.Trying to counter the barrage of criticism directed at her and her government, she said, \"There are always people who will try to run you down. This is a state which understood Netaji's worth only after he went missing and dubbed Rabindranath as a bourgeois poet. There will always be some people who consider themselves to be the society's guardians. When I started fasting for Singur, no body supported me. But as days went by, I was vindicated in my belief. And who is making the allegations? A party of the poor which has an asset of Rs 417 crore. Infact, most of the property on AJC Bose Road has been bought by CPM and the finance department had to order 24 special audits for reported financial irregularities by the former government.\"\"Now, they are busy spreading canards, but during their regime even FIRs on rape weren't accepted. In their 34 years, CPM set up one university and we've already set up three. People are watching these. Some say CPM will be back in another three-and-a-half year. I feel this will not happen in another 23 years. Let us put them to sleep with respect,\" Mamata sent out a strong message to the youth brigade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15914971", "title": "Dengue nails down doctors, family members", "text": "KOLKATA: Doctors and their families, too, have started to feel the onslaught of dengue. With the rush of dengue patients growing at an alarming rate across the city, doctors treating those infected at some hospitals have started falling prey to the deadly virus.Since the onset of the menace, nephrologist Jiban Krishna Sarkar got busy organizing dengue control measures in his neighbourhood. Being a physician, he knew better and his neighbours in Ballygunge Place readily chipped in. The 47-year-old doctor attached with RG Kar Medical College &amp; Hospital, however, had little knowledge that dengue would nail him down on the hospital bed.\"I know doctors are not invincible. But I was actively involved in mosquito control measures at my locality so that people in the area would not be affected. It's an irony that I am hospitalized now because of dengue,\" said Sarkar.When bouts of fever attacked him last Thursday, Sarkar did not want to believe that it could be dengue. He tried to keep the temperature under control by taking Paracetamol tablets. But the fever refused to abate. When rashes appeared and he fell sick with nausea, Sarkar pressed the panic button. He got himself admitted to Medica Superspecialty hospital on Saturday, where blood test confirmed dengue.\"Though I have been treating patients for years, this is the first time I am being hospitalized. I have told my family members to use mosquito net and take other precautions,\" said Sarkar.\"He is weak and his platelet count is low. But we are confident he will recover soon,\" said Ahsan Ahmed, the physician treating Sarkar.Three family members of physician Saumitra Bhattacharyya, who has a chamber in Salt Lake, are also down with dengue. \"My eight-year-old son contracted dengue. Fortunately, they are all doing well now ,\" said Bhattacharyya. Another physician attached to Calcutta National Medical College &amp; Hospital is also being treated for dengue in the same hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15912514", "title": "Parkings unsafe for cars", "text": "Chandigarh police have been making tall claims on making parking areas in commercial areas of the city safer, but there has been a sudden surge in the number of incidents of miscreants targeting vehicles in parking areas. The police had also ran a special campaign last weekend to catch burglars.In the last five days, at least a dozen such incidents have been reported from different parts of the city. And miscreants have made good their escape with cash, bags, ATM and credit cards and even LCD screens lying in cars. They are specifically targeting expensive cars as it happened on Saturday, when the windowpanes of a Mercedes parked in the Sector 9 parking, were broken and the accused decamped with a laptop, Rs. 1 lakh in cash and some documents. Burglars are targeting vehicles either in the afternoons or late evenings. In the last two months such incidents have been reported from sectors 7, 8, 9, 17, 34 and Manimajra. But police have failed to arrest any of the accused involved in these instances.Following these incidents, police have now written to the municipal corporation (MC) to install CCTV cameras at various points in parking areas across the city. \"In the wake of recent spurt in incidents of miscreants targeting vehicles in parking areas, we have made special police parties that would be deployed at vulnerable locations in parkings,\" Ashish Kapoor, deputy superintendent of police (central and headquarter), told TOI.\"Besides, we have also written to the MC to install CCTV cameras at various points, so that the whole parking area would be covered. We have also suggested them to make most of the parking areas paid so that men could be deployed there to ensure safety of vehicles,\" stated Kapoor. A few cases have also been reported from Panjab University campus, where burglars had targeted valuables lying in cars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15909699", "title": "Top civil aviation official held guilty of fraud reinstated", "text": "MUMBAI: In a surprising move, joint director-general of civil aviation A K Sharan, against whom the Central Vigilance Commission and the aviation ministry recommended major penalty proceedings last month and who was under suspension after being found guilty of fraud, has been reinstated with no action taken against him. \"With this, the civil aviation ministry seems to have sent out a message that the misuse of power and use of fraudulent means to help one's kin acquire a pilot's licence is acceptable in the civil aviation regulatory body,\" a senior commander told TOI.Last year, following a TOI expose, the then director-general of civil aviation Bharat Bhushan had ordered the inquiry to investigate if Sharan had misused his power to help his daughter fraudulently obtain a commercial pilot licence (CPL). The inquiry found him guilty and Bhushan sent the vigilance report to the civil aviation ministry, recommending action against Sharan. The ministry sat on the file for over a year, did its own investigations and finally last month held Sharan guilty and asked the CVC to initiate major penalty proceedings (dismissal or demotion) against him.A final decision on disciplinary action was to be taken by the Union Public Service Commission which appoints personnel for the aviation regulator. \"But all of it was set aside this week and Sharan was cleared to join duty and head the air transport department. No action has been taken against him though he was proved guilty beyond doubt. The civil aviation ministry and the director-general could not have sent out a clearer message that vigilance inquiries are a sham,\" said an aviation source. In July this year, the ministry shunted out Bhushan and Samir Sahai, the officer who carried out a number of vigilance inquiries in DGCA.Commenting on the issue, the new director-general of civil aviation Arun Mishra said, \"Sharan is a joint secretary-level officer and the ministry was dealing with this matter, not DGCA. The decision to suspend and to reinstate him was the ministry's.\" Civil aviation minister Ajit Singh was not available for comment.\"Despite incriminating evidence against Sharan, the aviation ministry has let him go scot-free. They should apply the same standard and forgive all the pilots who were arrested last year for submitting fake mark sheets to obtain a pilot licence,\" said a senior commander. Early last year, DGCA had cracked down on flying schools and pilots who had employed fraudulent means to obtain a CPL. The licences of many pilots were suspended and cases were filed against more than a dozen who had submitted fake mark sheets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15932793", "title": "Kamal to work with Crazy Mohan?", "text": "It was not very long ago, Kollywood was abuzz with the news that Kamal Haasan and Crazy Mohan might team up for a film.The latest buzz doing the rounds is that the Ulaganayagan will indeed work with the dialogue writer, after the release of Kamal's dream project, Viswaroopam , which has Pooja Kumar and Andrea in the female lead.As expected, the film will have dialogues by Crazy Mohan and will be produced by Kamal, according to reports.It's also said that the movie will be completed before Kamal's Hollywood project with Barrie Osborne goes on floors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15916822", "title": "Official in Noida case changed", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad high court on Tuesday directed to change an advocate commissioner, appointed in a PIL, filed against the postings two senior IAS officers at Noida Authority.The PIL filed by Madhaw Samaj Samiti of Allahabad had alleged that both the IAS officers -- Rakesh Bahadur and Sanjeev Saran -- have been posted at Noida Authority as chairman and CEO respectively in spite of the fact that they had been charge-sheeted and departmental proceedings were initiated against them in the multi-crore scam in allotting land to hotel industries.A bench of acting Chief Justice Amitava Lala and Justice P K S Baghel had appointed a lawyer, Pradeep Rai, as advocate commissioner to submit report about the present status of land and the utility of the postings of both the officers in the court.On Tuesday the court changed the advocate commissioner, as he had declined to complete the task.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15915178", "title": "Bureaucrats in West Bengal tighten belt, opt for bus tour", "text": "KOLKATA: Call it fuel austerity. For the first time, the principal secretaries of 18 departments of the state government \u2014 including chief secretary Samar Ghosh \u2014 will tour five districts in a bus rather than hired cars. This will not only save a huge amount of fuel cost, the government won't have to pay for the accommodation of the drivers and other related expenses.The secretaries will not, however, take one of the rattle-trap buses that make the rounds of Bengal's rural roads. They will get a 40-seater Volvo to follow chief minister Mamata Banerjee's convoy.The CM left Kolkata on Tuesday and her secretaries will start on Wednesday. Mamata will hold review meetings in Nadia, Malda, Murshidabad, North and South Dinajpur. The secretaries will be back on Friday and the CM the next day.\"This is for the first time that we will not use our cars. We will save on fuel and the journey will also be much more comfortable as there are potholed stretches on the highway. Besides, there will be none of the other issues like finding parking for 18 cars and accommodation for the drivers,\" said one of the secretaries. The long chain of cars moving behind the CM's convoy was also very inconvenient for police on earlier trips, say sources.So, how much is the bus trip going to save? Highly placed sources said that it costs Rs 5,000 to hire each car for an official tour of two-three days. This includes fuel and other related expenses. Hiring 18 cars would cost the government at least Rs 90,000, but the bus will cost only Rs 10,000, said an official, adding that the chief secretary had placed the bus proposal before the CM and she \"enthusiastically approved\".The secretaries will take NH-34 to Krishnagar in Nadia and then move on to Malda and Murshidabad. Balurghat in South Dinajpur will be their last stop. \"It's a rare opportunity for the 18 department secretaries to travel with the chief secretary on an official trip, where they will get so much time together to discuss important issues,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15919888", "title": "Unmukt similar to Virat in many ways: Bosisto", "text": "MUMBAI: In life sometimes the best compliments come from your toughest adversary. Australia Under-19 skipper William Bosisto was all but certain that he had India on the mat after the latter were 97-4 in the just-concluded Under-19 World Cup final.He never thought his India counterpart, Unmukt Chand, could turn the tables with a stunning knock (111 not out).Talking to TOI from Perth, on Tuesday, Bosisto said it didn't seem like Unmukt would make any mistake on the day. \"Unmukt played an incredible innings. Good players like him are unstoppable on some days. He hit superbly through the covers and took full advantage of anything that was served up,\" he pointed out.The Aussies had arrived undefeated into the final. Bosisto, who had remained unconquered on four occasions, including a 40 in the semis, knew he had to lead from the front again. He showed his own mettle, bailing the hosts out with an unbeaten 87. It gave India a tough 225 to chase. He just didn't expect Unmukt to go one up on him.\"I don't know what different things I could have done to stop him. He's such fantastic player. He rotated his bowlers intelligently and his move to use Harmeet Singh during the Powerplay paid off. He seemed to save the better balls for the tough times and that put the brakes on us,\" the Australian conceded.Bosisto likened Unmukt's freewheeling batting to another India Under-19 winning captain: Virat Kohli.\"It was great to watch Virat in the Tests in Australia. The Aussies tried to put pressure on him but he stood up to them. I guess Unmukt is quite a similar bloke - tough and competitive,\" he said.About himself, Bosisto is not in a hurry to play for the national squad. The 18-year-old has happily reconciled himself to the rigours of domestic cricket.A thinking cricketer, who likes to build his innings slowly, Bosisto says, \"I am not expecting any call for the national side just yet. It's a long way. Though it depends on individuals how they want to shape their career, I would prefer to play for Australia Under-19 and state cricket and prove myself first. I have to score a bit more against dominant attacks. It took Mike Hussey eight to ten years before he played international cricket. I am ready for it but I want to graduate as a better batsman, a better player.\"Australia Under-19 coach Stuart Law has voiced respect for Bosisto's thoughtful captaincy and his understanding of his players. Like the Aussie, Unmukt, too, has struck a chord with teammates for his uncompromising support.These are early days but in some ways Unmukt and Bosisto are clearly future captains in the making.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15913169", "title": "Rain washes away drought-tag from Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: The ongoing spell of the rain may have wreaked havoc across the state by taking lives of nearly 44 people and leaving many homeless, but it has literally washed away the drought tag from many districts of the state. The figures released by the IMD, Delhi, on Tuesday suggested that not even a single district in the state is falling under the category of scanty rainfall.While 17 districts have received normal rainfall, nine have excess rainfall and one district has abnormal rainfall. At least five districts, which were facing drought-like situation, were also out of this tag.According to the data released by the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), the average rainfall for Rajasthan on August 28, 2011 was 430.05 mm, however this year till Tuesday, the state has average rainfall of 467.85 mm.\"There has been an 8% increase in the average rainfall and the ongoing spell is continuing which means the figure of average rainfall may reach at 500 mm,\" an officer with the IMD, Delhi, said.The districts which have excess rainfall included Churu (324.99 mm till Monday), Ajmer (451.84 mm), Bharatpur (537.42 mm), Dholpur (648.18 mm), Karauli (676.35 mm), Dausa (685.86 mm), Jhunjhunu (441.65 mm), Banswara (841.61) and Chittorgarh (648.33).Pink City and Jaipur district as a whole is among the category of districts having normal rainfall. \"The average rainfall for Jaipur district was 440.30mm till August 2, 2011. However this year, Jaipur has got 495.28 mm of rain till this period,\" an official with the Jaipur Met office said.Other districts which have normal rainfall included Bikaner (196 mm), Hanumangarh (183.86 mm), Jodhpur (204.36 mm), Pali (363.13 mm), Bhilwara (473.88), Nagaur (349 mm), Tonk (488.95), Sawai Madhopur (546.05 mm), Jaipur (495.28 mm), Alwar (482.43 mm), Baran (632.09 mm), Bundi (477.76 mm), Jhalawar (619.93), Udaipur (400.94 mm), Chittorgarh (648.33 mm), Pratapgarh (743.58 mm) and Rajsamand (383 mm).Meanwhile, Sikar which is witnessing flood-like situation since Wednesday has got abnormal rainfall which the Met office said it meant the district has more than 70%. \"Sikar has got the highest rainfall this season and till Monday the district received a rainfall of 571.89 mm,\" an official said.IMD, Delhi, has further said it would be an extended monsoon this season as eastern and northern parts of the state may get more showers till September 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15913423", "title": "Arms smuggler lands in SOG net, 10 guns seized", "text": "JAIPUR: The Special Operations Group (SOG) seized 10 automatic pistols and some magazines from a Madhya-Pradesh based man at Karauli bus stand on Tuesday.Officials said that the man was part of a huge arms smuggling racket operating in Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh and some other states. They said that he was being interrogated. This is for the first time that country-made silencer-equipped pistols were recovered in Rajasthan.According to SOG, the man, identified as 34-year-old Salim Khan, is a resident of Morena district in Madhya Pradesh.\"He was detained from the bus stand at Karauli town on Tuesday. The SOG had acted on a tip-off about the gang,\" DIG, SOG, Vishal Bansal said.The officer said that after recovering the guns and other ammunition from Salim Khan, the police came to know that he is involved in arms smuggling for a long time.\"The guns were quite sophisticated given the fact that they were manufactured illegally. Modern machinery would be required to manufacture these semi-automatic pistols. Two of the pistols had silencers,\" said the officer.He said than Khan was to deliver the consignment to someone. \"We will produce Khan in a court and seek his police custody for further interrogation. On the basis of the interrogation, we would try to identify other members of this arms smuggling gang,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15914113", "title": "Sonia Gandhi says BJP blackmailing Parliament", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress-BJP battle over Coalgate intensified further on Tuesday with Sonia Gandhi taking on the opposition party by accusing it of political blackmail.Rallying her MPs for what is going to a long-drawn battle with the BJP, Sonia told the Congress Parliamentary Party, \"The proper forum for this (discussion on CAG report) is an active and involved Parliament, not one that is held to ransom by blackmail which has become the political bread and butter of BJP.\"The sharp attack drew a stinging riposte from the BJP. \"A government whose integrity has been painted black in coal deals cannot be blackmailed. Kickbacks and commissions have been the Congress's staple diet since Bofors,\" leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley said.The worsening faceoff indicated that the hostilities may stretch until the elections in Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh where the two parties will be locked in virtually a straight contest.The barb came a day after BJP turned the faceoff over Coalgate into a no-holds-barred battle by accusing Congress of using coal block allocations to generate political funds. Leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj's use of the colloquial \"mota maal\" (hefty sum) kicked a storm.In what appeared a Congress retaliation, Sonia focused her assault on BJP, saying Parliament was not able to discuss critical issues facing people. \"This is the handiwork of just one party - BJP,\" she said, adding even its allies were shocked by its behaviour.The Congress chief, who was seen confabulating with SP and RJD chiefs, Mulayam Singh Yadav and Lalu Prasad, focused on L K Advani , saying BJP's s scant respect for democratic values was only to be expected considering whose senior-most leader mocked voters by calling the government \"illegitimate\". The reference was to Advani's remark in Lok Sabha during the discussion on Assam riots, which provoked strong protests from Congress.Dubbing the rival's behaviour as \"cynical\", she said, \"It is condemnable that when we need to work together across party lines to tackle serious issues facing the people like drought, price rise and economic slowdown, the country's principal opposition party is acting with wanton irresponsibility.\"Sonia dubbed BJP's targeting of the PM as \"politically motivated\", adding his statement in Parliament on Monday had exposed BJP's false propaganda\". She urged partymen to not be deflected by \"intemperate Congress-bashing by the opposition\" and asked them to fight the coming elections with a sense of purpose.The Congress chief also criticized Assam riots and targeting of northeast residents in different towns, seeking strong action against the culprits.Sonia, for the first time, spoke on the strong action against internet sites for hosting provocative material that incited riots. Seeking strict action against the accused, she said, \"They have misused social media for their hate-mongering, causing havoc and spreading mass panic. No government can stand by and ignore such treacherous activities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15912061", "title": "6 police vehicle get challan slips", "text": "Chandigarh traffic police challaned six police vehicles, including three attached with Chandigarh police, two with Punjab police and one attached with deputy commissioner of Chandigarh on Tuesday. The challans were issued after taking cognizance of media reports highlighting drivers of police vehicles were not wearing seat belts while driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15931528", "title": "Dil Raju buys Nizam rights of Sekhar\u2019s LIB", "text": "After MAA TV bagging the satellite rights of the much awaited film, ace producer Dil Raju has bought the theatrical distribution rights of Sekhar Kammula's Life Is Beautiful (LIB) for Nizam area. The producer told that he bought the film's Nizam area rights by paying a hefty price, although the amount was undisclosed.This is the second time Dil Raju is associating with Sekhar Kammula. Earlier Dil Raju bought after the theatrical rights of \"Happy Days\" for the entire AP. Happy Days was a super hit film and Dil Raju is now hoping for a similar outcome with Life Is Beautiful too.Life Is Beautiful is a youthful and family entertainer, which has new comers. Shriya Saran and Amala Akkineni are playing important roles and Mickey J Meyer is composing the music. Life Is Beautiful is slated for release on September 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15910464", "title": "Sporting wicket for second India-New Zealand Test", "text": "BANGALORE: Team India and Black Caps arrived on Tuesday even as the M Chinnaswamy stadium geared up to host the second and final Test from Friday.Curator of the Chinnaswamy pitch Narayan Raju claimed that he had prepared a sporting pitch which would witness a fair competition between bat and ball when Bangalore hosts its 20th Test match.Unlike Hyderabad where spinners did the bulk of the damage, the Chinnaswamy wicket is expected to help the seamers.\"We have prepared a sporting wicket as we normally do for Test matches. The strip has a bit of grass and will aid seam movement,\" said Raju while stating that the pitch will be ready for the Test.That apart, the ground staff has been working hard for the last few months in preparing the outfield.\"We have worked on the outfield, removing the thatch - the build-up of dead grass between living grass and the soil. By doing that, we have infused more oxygen into the roots,\" he said. \"We brought sand from Andhra Pradesh to give the outfield a fresh feel.\"Heavy rain has lashed the city in the last few days but Raju is not unduly bothered by the weather. The ground staff has sufficient equipment to save the pitch from the showers and prepare a fine track for the game, he said.Meanwhile, the teams, which arrived on a special flight from Hyderabad in the evening, chose to rest for the day and start their schedule on Wednesday at the Chinnaswamy.The embattled Kiwis, who lost the Hyderabad Test by an innings and 115 runs on Sunday, have something to cheer for.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15920072", "title": "Couple held for killing woman from Tamil Nadu", "text": "MYSORE: A week after an unidentified woman was found murdered near T Narasipura, Mysore district police have cracked the case by arresting a couple.Police said Ananda, 48, and his wife Anandi, 40, of Periyanaickenpalayam, Coimbatore ( Tamil Nadu ), allegedly took to crime to silence Mariapushpam, 53. The victim had been insisting the couple to pay money for the healthcare products that they had taken from her a few months ago. S G Vijaykumar, dySP of Nanjangud sub-division, said it appears to be first offence for Ananda, who does scaffolding work to eke out a living.Mariapushpam, a representative of a healthcare products company, had given a range of products worth Rs 10,000 to the couple after taking their signature on a bond paper. She started pestering the couple for money, while the latter failed to pay her. To get rid of Mariapushpam, the couple conspired to eliminate her, and brought her along with them on the pretext of giving her business near Mysore. The trio came to Karnataka in a bus and then boarded a truck to reach Mugur village, 40km from here, and allegedly murdered her. \"The couple stuffed clothes in Mariapushpam's mouth and strangulated her,\" Vijaykumar explained.SP R Dileep told reporters that initially, they didn't have any clue about the victim. But a tailor's label on her blouse helped them identify her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "gurdev nagar", "code": "15912693", "title": "Dunk specialist takes a musical leap", "text": "GURDEV NAGAR: International basketball player from the city T J Sahi is taking the game of basketball from the court to the music systems with his debut album \"Rolling Stone\", which will be released soon.Prior to the release of his first album, Sahi uploaded two songs 'Akhiyan' and 'Asi Haan Dewaane Basketball De' on YouTube to get an initial response from the listeners. \"We have received over 1,000 hits on 'Asi Haan Dewaane Basketball De' in just two days after uploading it and that is encouraging for me,\" says Sahi.The Gurdev Nagar resident is popular for his streetball swag he displays on the court, owing to his skills picked up from playing in the United State during early and mid career as a basketball player.Apart from the uploaded songs, Sahi's 'Rolling Stone' would include four other songs \u2014 'Dil', 'Khalara', 'Bhutni De' and 'Peg' apart from a remix of 'Asi Haan Dewaane Basketball De'.\"My objective behind bringing out this album is to promote the game of basketball in India. I am the first basketball player who is working in this direction to promote the sport,\" says Sahi, who has been working on this album since April, 2012.A music album of his own has been a long cherished dream of Sahi and will materialize soon. The dunk-specialist has even acted in one of his music video along with celebrated Punjabi comedian Gurpreet Singh Ghuggi.Sahi says he loved the time he spent in front of the camera while shooting videos for his songs. \"I will take this music and the game to educational institutions after its release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15911796", "title": "Monsoon maladies afflict unani hospital environs", "text": "HYDERABAD: An unbearable stench engulfs passersby as they fight their way through sludge on the road along a decrepit compound wall of Charminar Unani Hospital towards Moghalpura. A portion of the decaying wall had collapsed this monsoon while the area around it is filled with filth from an overflowing garbage bin which has invariably turned the surroundings into a public toilet. There are no signs of hygiene around the hospital premises.Delay in carrying out repairs by the hospital authorities has only led to further damage to the wall. A section of the wall on the western side of the hospital had collapsed in June. The damage was earlier restricted to the wall but later some sheds that were supported by the wall also gave way.The hospital authorities maintain that they have not been able to get the wall reconstructed owing to delay in procuring funds. \"The previous collector had asked us not to use funds from the hospital development society. Instead we were told to apply for funds from the department of Ayush which is delaying sanction of funds,\" a hospital official explained adding that the staff have on umpteen occasions requested municipal authorities to remove garbage bins from the area.Civil society activist and local M A Azeem who has made representations to the GHMC to relocate the bins, said that despite several reminders the authorities have not acted. \"I made representation to the GHMC last year. Even after two reminders nothing happened. Finally in May this year when I sought to know under RTI what action was taken on my petitions, I got a reply from the GHMC in which the chief medical and health officer was asked to conduct an inspection and submit a report. The bins have not been moved till date and the gap in the wall has allowed people to even venture inside the hospital to urinate,\" he said.GHMC South Zone officials said they have received no representation in the recent past from the hospital authorities but will look into the issue soon. \"Even if we remove the bins, accumulation of waste in that area would take place. But we will find another location for the bins, at least until the wall is reconstructed,\" South Zone commissioner Ravi Kumar told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15918770", "title": "Gold, silverware and clothes stolen from Coimbatore home", "text": "COIMBATORE: Unidentified burglars broke into a locked house near Podanur on late Monday night. A complaint was registered on Tuesday in which the house owner has claimed that about 16 sovereigns of gold ornaments, some silver ware and silk sarees were missing from his home. Senior police officials and finger print experts visited the spot.According to police, Sivakumar (50) employed at a flour mill near Thudiyalur was residing with his family in Sathya Sai Nagar near Podanur. Sivakumar along with his wife and family had left for Chennai on Saturday to visit some relatives. He returned alone on Monday night and found that the front door of his house was broken and the inner rooms ransacked. The back door was also found tampered.\"It seems the burglary occurred on Sunday night when the family was not present at home. We have got some leads and are following them at the moment,' said T Senthilkumar, deputy commissioner of police (Crime), Coimbatore city.Two silver lamps were also missing along with some silk sarees which were kept in the almirah in one of the bedrooms. Finger print experts have collected some samples which will be cross checked with those of known offenders available with the police. The family was residing in the ground floor and had rented out the upper portion of the house to another family. Podanur police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15922079", "title": "Lucky 917 still a long way from ownership rights", "text": "NEW DELHI: With her ministers by her side and Congress MLAs in attendance, chief minister Sheila Dikshit declared on Tuesday that 917 unauthorized colonies will be notified as regularized by Wednesday. She cited this as a fulfillment of a promise made at the time of issue of provisional regularization certificates (PRCs) to illegal colonies in the run-up to the 2008 assembly polls.PRCs had been issued to 1218 colonies at a function by Sonia Gandhi with a promise of regularization. But almost four years later, not all the 917 colonies being regularized in this round are the ones that were given those certificates by Sonia. Last year, severe irregularities were found in the process of issuing the PRCs and some bogus colonies were found to have been issued the PRCs. The matter is under scrutiny now. In the case of these 917 colonies , the government has demarcated the boundaries after getting the nod from various agencies. However, even after Wednesday's notification, the ground reality in these colonies is unlikely to change for now. The residents here will still have to wait to see the declaration culminating in ownership rights that will allow them legal authority to buy, sell and register their property besides carrying out construction work at these sites.The newly-appointed urban development minister, Arvinder Singh, said the next step will be to denotify the existing status of the land to regularize it and get the revenue department to issue a circular to open registry and sale and purchase of property in these colonies. \"For now, people cannot register their properties,\" Lovely admitted.According to observers, the entire process may actually become a recipe for chaos since many loose ends are yet to be tied up. The already active land mafia and property dealers are expected to go on an overdrive in carrying out illegal transactions, flaunting the regularization tag to lure hapless buyers. Illegal constructions too are learnt to have taken off in many colonies on the sly ever since the news of regularization gained currency. However, the Sheila Dikshit government, with an eye on the 2013 assembly polls, is in a great rush to make a point to the voters that it has delivered on its regularisation promise. Dikshit also announced that all the remaining colonies, including the ones on government land and the 196 colonies on forest, ridge or Archaeological Survey of India land that are disputed, will also be legalised.\"Nearly 30 lakh people across 917 colonies will be benefited from regularization and I assure that no house will be demolished in any of the remaining colonies on the regularization list. In the weeks ahead, we will do whatever is required to see that all legal hurdles are cleared in the way of regularizing the remaining colonies on the original list of 1639,\" the chief minister said. She added that her government would now act swiftly in providing all civic amenities in these colonies.On the road ahead, Arvinder Singh added that most of these 917 colonies are part of R Zone in the zonal plans made under Masterplan 2021 and hence their land use change in not required. \"In the cases where land use change is necessary , we will seek intervention of the union urban development ministry to expedite the process so that ownership rights can be given to people here,\" he added. The government also proposes to submit the list of 917 to the civic body for preparation of layout plans. The levy of development charges will apply to only those colonies which are on government land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15912074", "title": "HMDA to sell clay Ganesha idols", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA), with the help of four non-governmental organisations (NGOs), will distribute over 25,000 clay Ganesha idols to people as part of its 'Paryavarana Ganapathi' campaign in the city. Citizens will have to pay a nominal price for the idols, which will be distributed two days before Ganesh Chaturthi.Speaking to the media here on Tuesday, HMDA member (Environment) Sunil Kumar Gupta said arrangements have been made to distribute 25,000 eight-inch tall clay Ganesha idols and another 200 idols of five feet height in association with SAVE, an NGO. He said the main objective of the campaign was to sensitise the general public on environmental issues and how Ganesha idols made of plaster of paris and chemical colours have been polluting the Hussainsagar.The member said HMDA would distribute the idols with the help of NGOs CARE, Sukuki Exonora, Chatri and APSA at a nominal price of Rs 10 for the small idol through 25 to 30 distribution centres across the city.\"Big idols of five feet size will be supplied to residential welfare associations, schools, colleges and community groups. In areas where lake protection committees comprise locals, the HMDA will provide the idols free of cost,\" Sunil Kumar Gupta said.For clay Ganesha idols and enquiries, call 27654336 (SAVE), 9849047827 (Sukuki Exnora), 9177223489 (SDE) and 98494 57461 (P&P; Coordinator).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "moga", "code": "15917528", "title": "Dera of exorcist sarpanch demolished in Punjab", "text": "MOGA: On the last day of her police remand, former head priest of Harmandir Sahib, Giani Jagtar Singh led a group of villagers in demolishing the structure used by sarpanch Pal Kaur to practice exorcism, on Monday. The Bhinder Kalan village sarpanch had killed her 10 years old niece by hitting her with hot tongs to rid her of \"evil spirits\" on August 22.While the rationalist society is organizing a social congregation at the village to spread message against superstitions, the education department is planning scientific shows across schools in Punjab. A campaign has also been started to make people boycott sorcerers.Pal, her husband Darbara Singh and two others has now been remanded in judicial custody.\"Such deras, samadhis, which spread exorcism have no place in our society,\" said Jagtar Singh. \"We are organizing a social congregation on September 1, to help people adopt scientific approach. Exorcists do not only loot the poor, but also kill the innocent to prove their celestial powers,\" added Tarksheel Society founder Megh Raj Mittar.District education officer Mewa Singh claimed that although the school education department is going ahead with programmes to check superstition, it has decided to work more vigorously in rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15922319", "title": "Impostor held for conning shopkeepers", "text": "NEW DELHI: His age and safari suit camouflaged a devious mind. Shopkeepers he duped in the NDMC area took him at his word when he claimed he was a banker and could arrange bagfuls of much-needed coins. But after cheating several people of thousands of rupees, Ajaypal Singh Rana fell into the police net on Tuesday.Rana (65) was arrested on the complaint of a shopkeeper, Mukesh Kumar. Police said the accused is a trickster who used to win the trust of grocers by waiving the balance due to him after a purchase. \"He would buy things for Rs 45 or Rs 95 and leave behind the change. The impressed shopkeepers would not forget him, and he befriended them after a few visits. Later, he would confide to them that he was abanker and could supply their requirement of small change,\" said an investigator.Sources at Parliament Street police station said the grocers invariably bit Rana's bait, and he hurried them along by mentioning his daughter's impending marriage . \"Rana, accompanied by a shop boy, would ride to an SBI branch, or even the RBI building, on his scooter . He would pocket the money and ask the boy to wait while he brought the change from the back door. After that, he would switch off his mobile and disappear,\" said a cop.When shopkeepers went to the banks where Rana claimed to work , they realized he was an impostor . \"On receiving several complaints , a team led by Parliament Street SHO Anil Yadav used electronic surveillance and local intelligence to arrest him,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15934798", "title": "26/11 verdict: Faheem's wife elated over his acquittal by Supreme Court", "text": "MUMBAI: Yasmin, the wife of Faheem Ansari whose acquittal was upheld by the Supreme Court in the Mumbai terror attack case on Wednesday, said she was \"very happy\" with the verdict as the terrorist tag on him has been removed.\"I am very happy with the verdict since it has come from the highest court in the land,\" an elated Yasmin said.The \"tag of terrorist\" on him has been removed, she said. However, Yasmin did not attend the Supreme Court hearing owing to her domestic pre-occupations.\"I am alone in my house and this news was given to me by Jamiat (the organisation which provided legal help to Fahim),\" Yasmin said, adding she is looking forward to meet her husband.The apex court on Wednesday upheld the acquittal of two Indians, Faheem Ansari and Sabauddin Ahmed, who were alleged to be co-conspirators in the Mumbai terror attack case.The trial court and Bombay high court had also given a clean chit to them in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15920737", "title": "City decks up for Onam bash", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city slipped into a festive mood as the week-long Onam celebrations got off to a glittering start at the Chandrasekharan Nair Stadium here on Tuesday. Inaugurating the Onam celebrations, chief minister Oommen Chandy said that Onam is an occasion of reunion for every Keralite and it is equally an emotional affair for everyone.The chief minister also recalled the unfortunate incidents that happened in the state recently. He mourned the loss of life in the landslide at Idukki and Kothamangalam and in the tanker-lorry accident in Kannur. \"All these accidents have come as a shock to us. We have a moral responsibility to share the grief of the kin of those killed in the accidents,\" said Chandy.In a star-studded evening which was marked by the presence of film stars like Sukumari, Sheela, Suhasini, Vidhubala, Mukesh, Ambika and Khushboo, veteran actor Madhu was honoured by the state government. Madhu, who completed 50 years in his acting career, was adorned with a golden shawl by the chief minister. The actor was also presented a memento by the tourism department.The function began on a traditional note with a percussion ensemble led by Peruvanam Kuttan Marar. A mega show featuring some of the most endearing moments in the acting career of Madhu followed the percussion. A dance recital by Sobhana added colour to the event. P Jayachandran, Manjari, M Jayachandran, Madhubalakrishnan and Sujatha belted out some lilting numbers, which comprised nearly 20 hit songs from the films of Madhu.Health minister V S Sivakumar, power minister Aryadan Muhammad, deputy speaker N Sakthan Nadar and mayor K Chandrika were also present.Cultural programmes will be presented in 26 venues in the district over the next six days. The cancellation of Narain Karthikeyan's safe drive campaign hardly turned out to be a dampener as an elaborate art fiesta that includes about 5,000 artists got underway at different venues in the city. By Tuesday evening, the entire city put on a sparkling look with lights decking up the streets, government offices and shops. The stretch from Vellayambalam to Overbridge witnessed a heavy turnout of people in the evening, they got themselves busy shopping for Onam on Uthradam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "jamalpur", "code": "15912690", "title": "A special celebration with \u2018grandparents\u2019", "text": "JAMALPUR: Much as their founder had hoped, the students and staff of Ryan International School marked their Founder's Day on Tuesday in a meaningful manner. The students celebrated the birthday of founder chairman, Dr Augustine Francis Pinto, by inviting around 25 grandparents, associated with HelpAge India, to attend a colourful extravaganza under \"Adopt A Grandparent Project\".The event started with Ryanites and staff treating the elders generously with return gifts, clothes and other necessary provisions. Later the students presented a cultural extravaganza which included colourful and vibrant dance performances, skits and songs. The highlight of the event was a beautiful skit highlighting the importance of elders in the society.To add authenticity to their gesture, the tiny tots from classes I and II came dressed up as founder Dr Augustine Francis Pinto and presented handmade bouquets and gift hampers to the elderly.To make this day more memorable, the students also paid a visit to Mother Teresa Orphanage, Mercy Home and Nichi Mangli village (adopted by the school) and helped the underprivileged by giving away charity and gifts.Back at school, creative activities spread over a week were conducted for the students of all classes. The students participated in card making, message writing, e-mail writing, making class magazine, slogan writing, fancy dress competition and other fun games. The students were also taken for a 5-D movie to add to their fun and excitement.Principal Parveena John said, \"It is because of the values inculcated in all of us through the founder that we could undertake 'Adopt a Grandparent Project' with HelpAge India.\"Around 150 Ryan schools all over India, and abroad celebrated the founder Dr Augustine Francis Pinto with full fervour and happiness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15916270", "title": "High coliform levels found in Sonsoddo wells", "text": "MARGAO: In what could be an indicator of the high levels of contamination of water sources at Sonsoddo, the test results of well water samples conducted by the Goa State Pollution Control Board (GSPCB) has shown coliform levels in four samples to be exceedingly high.While the permissible limits for total coliform are 10 MPN/100 ml, the amount of coliform in the samples range from 490 to 7000 MPN/100 ml. The tests also show presence of feacal coliform in the well water samples, the values ranging from 170 to 2100 MPN/100 ml. As per rules, any amount of feacal coliform indicates contamination.The test report of a sample of discharge of untreated leachate from the garbage dump into nullah also indicates presence of metals like lead, cobalt, nickel, cadmium, copper, manganese, zinc, iron and chromium above permissible limits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15917247", "title": "AGP condemns bandh and BTAD violence", "text": "GUWAHATI: The AGP on Tuesday condemned the incidents of violence reported from different parts of the state as a result of the bandh enforced by some minority organisations, particularly the attacks on scribes by miscreants.The opposition party also condemned the violence in and around the BTAD areas which has been continuing for the past one month. AGP was also critical of the law and order situation in the BTAD areas and criticised the state government for not doing enough to curb the violence affecting different parts of the BTAD.\"We at the AGP severely condemned the violence that is raging in the BTAD areas for the past one month. We are also against the two-day bandh enforced in the state, and severely condemned Tuesday's sporadic incidents of violence that afflicted the different districts in the state. The attack on journalists from different media houses is condemnable and we as a party want to express our angst against these attacks in the harshest of words,\" said Durgadas Bodo, general secretary Asom Gana Parishad .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15915046", "title": "Saif-Kareena marriage in October, says Sharmila", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bollywood wedding of the year would take place in October in Delhi and Mumbai with no sideshows in Pataudi or Bhopal. 'Saifeena'- wedding of Saif Ali Khan and Kareeena Kapoor, would be a low-key affair with limited invitees said the groom's mother Sharmila Tagore , here on Tuesday.\"D-day is on October, sometime. I am not at a liberty to disclose the date. You'd have to ask Saif,\" she told TOI.She related the hype surrounding the wedding to happy family serial. \"You'd be disappointed. No extravagant celebrations are planned. It would be a small family affair,\" she said. The restraint on celebrations is because the wedding would be held nearly a month after the first death anniversary of Saif's father - Mansoor Ali Khan Pataudi.Sharmila said Pataudi wasn't chosen as a venue because of security considerations.Sources said that that the wedding may take place on October 16.Sharmila was in Bhopal attending the board meeting of the royal waqf properties called the Auqaf-i-Shahi, of which her daughter Saba Sultan is the custodian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15910252", "title": "Three from Nepal held for killing relative in city", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three people from Nepal have been arrested for allegedly strangling a relative over a property dispute.Shiv Raj (28), Jang Bahadur alias Raju (23), and Dharam Pal (43) - residents of Kanchanpur district of Mahakali Aanchal in Nepal - were arrested from Anand Vihar ISBT on Sunday when they were about to board a bus for Uttar Pradesh from where they could have crossed into Nepal, said additional CP (central) Devesh Srivastav.According to police, Ram Chander, who stays in Sector 18 in Noida, complained on August 24 that the trio had killed his brother Padam Bahadur, who had come to Delhi on August 18 from his village in Nepal and put up with the sister of Raju in Karol Bagh.Initially, Raju's brother-in-law told Ram that Padam had expired. He identified the body and took it to Nepal for last rites, police said. Later, Ram came to know that Raju had a personal enmity with his brother over a plot Padam had bought in Nepal after Raju, too, expressed interest in it.The post-mortem report also suggested the cause of death as \"manual strangulation\". \"On the night of August 18, all of them had liquor and then Raju started quarreling with Padam. They caught the victim from back and Dharam Pal hit his head on a wall while Shiv Raj hit him. While Raju and Shiv Raj pinned him down, Dharam Pal strangled him to death,\" said Srivastav.The accused removed Padam's wristwatch and mobile phone to avoid his identification. Both items have been recovered from Shiv Raj's house, the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15919295", "title": "Indian Oil Corporation to probe tanker explosion", "text": "KOCHI: Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) has launched a probe into the LPG tanker explosion near Chala temple, in Kannur, on Monday night killing two people and causing serious burn injuries to many people in the area.\"It is a sad road accident and we have to find out how it occurred. We will be conducting a probe at the IOC level and other agencies like Petroleum and Explosive Safety Organization (PESO) will also be conducting the investigations,\" A Pandian, IOC Kerala head, told TOI here.\"The tanker is made of very strong material and normally, it won't explode. But the accident could have caused some ruptures in the filling pipe side and some inadvertent action on the part of somebody in the vicinity could have caused the ignition. When temperature rises, LPG expands in volumes, which could have caused the explosion,\" Pandian, who was on his way to the accident site said.He said the IOC had given special training to all the drivers of the LPG tanker lorries on the steps to be taken in case of emergencies while carrying hazardous materials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15917426", "title": "Of Indian minorities and illegal migrants", "text": "By MP BezbaruahThe violence in Assam is clearly cause for grave concern, and no one will deny that our minorities need solace, understanding and protection from aggression. But irrespective of who was the aggressor, the Bodos in refugee camps may feel aggrieved that the nation does not understand their anguish in being refugees in their own beloved land,which has nourished them for hundreds of years.The Bodos were one of the earliest settlers in the region. As the scholar Suniti Kumar Chatterjee writes the great Bodo people were spread over the entire Brahmaputra Valley and north Bengal as well as East Bengal, and in fact were the most important Indo-Mongoloid people in eastern India. Violence is not an option, and nothing can justify or condone violence. Yet,if a lasting solution has to be found the nation must try to understand the agony that drives these people with an illustrious history to acts of violence.In the context of Assam it is essential to be wary of overlooking the difference between Indian minorities and illegal migrants. Assam is very proud of its secular tradition and outlook, notwithstanding aberrations. The tolerant humanism of Sankardeva still has relevance. The religious harmony exemplified by Ajan Fakir still echoes in the zikirs sung in far corners of Assam by Hindus and Muslims alike. I often narrate my experience of studying in a maktab school, which had a madrassa in the same compound and a headmaster who was a devout Hindu Brahmin.The influx of illegal migrants who may not share this liberal ethos has tended to create fissures in the integrated matrix of Assamese society. The inability or unwillingness to accept this has grave portents.Lately, there have been worrying indicators of the possibility of the Assam Accord of 1985 being revisited, to adapt it to present conditions. The statement is vague and worryingly open to interpretations. The Assam Accord's heart and soul is Clause 5, relating to the detection and deportation of illegal migrants. Two interpretations of the President's statement are possible. First, the Accord has not achieved the objective and therefore practical methods of achieving detection and deportation should be devised. Second, much water has flown down the Brahmaputra.Things have changed, many more illegal migrants have added to the millions who had entered in the past. It is not possible, pragmatic or just to deport them. Therefore some alternatives must be thought of.In almost 30 years only a handful the ridiculous figure of 1,700 illegal migrants was mentioned have been officially deported. As such thinking of another solution could be seen as pragmatic. But the people of Assam would see that as a betrayal. This is more so because nothing tangible has been done on the other core clause of the Accord, Clause 6 to protect, preserve and promote the cultural, social, linguistic identity and heritage of the Assamese people.Ironically it is the composite Assamese society that is asking for protection for its survival. Misplaced fear of harassment of Indian Muslims has acted as the impregnable shield for illegal migrants, frustrating the Accord's implementation. The infamous Illegal Migrants Determination by Tribunal Act (IMDT) was the result of such an apprehension.In a meeting between the Assam government and Rajiv Gandhi, then prime minister, on the implementation of the Accord, the late Dinesh Goswami had explained the absurdity of the IMDT Act. If a person suspected to be a foreigner was detected in, say, Burnihat in Meghalaya, 20 km from the Assam capital, under the Foreigners Act applicable to the whole country he would be asked to prove his citizenship. If he failed to do so, he could be summarily deported.If the same person was detected in the Assam capital 20 km away, under the IMDT Act the police would have to establish he was a foreigner. The case would then be examined by a screening committee. Thereafter it would go to a tribunal of retired high court judges. After that, the person could appeal to an appellate tribunal.Rajiv Gandhi had appreciated the flawed logic. He had suggested to P Chidambaram , then minister of state for home, that the possibility of a just, fair and uniform foreigners law for the whole country that treated a foreigner as a foreigner irrespective of religion be examined. Is the President talking of such a revisit?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15921604", "title": "Choked drain led to waterlogging on Aurobindo Marg", "text": "NEW DELHI: Monday's massive waterlogging at Aurobindo Marg resulted from a choked barrel sewer drain being built near Gautam Nagar. Construction debris and silt in the drain caused water to backflow onto the arterial road instead of discharging through storm water drains into the main drain, sources say. Three-feet-deep water was reported on the Marg. Many vehicles stalled and motorists abandoned them in panic.On Tuesday, the civic agencies were tied in a triangular contest to pass the blame. The Public Works Department blamed South Delhi Municipal Corporation, which blamed CPWD. Widespread waterlogging was reported again after the evening's downpour. The stretch along Yusuf Sarai market, Hauz Khas market and Green Park Metro station was flooded.\"We completed desilting work on storm water drains along the stretch. The problem was with the MCD-maintained main drain into which all the water is supposed to flow. This drain is completely choked as construction work is going on,\" said a senior PWD official in charge of the stretch.TOI found large mounds of construction debris alongside the drain. \"There is so much silt in the drain that the water level in it is higher than that of storm water drains during rain. This has resulted in water flowing backwards onto the roads. Sewage water is also entering Aurobindo Road as a result,\" added the official.Claiming that PWD had verbally asked MCD officials to clear the drain months ago, officials said they would now send a formal letter. \"However, as an immediate solution, we have placed super sucker machines to pump out the water. The only problem is that we don't have a place to pump the water to, as the main drain is choked. Even the colonies along it have become water logged because of this,\" said the official.MCD officials said a large part of the Gautam Nagar drain has become choked due to the ongoing construction work and they have asked CPWD to clear the debris. \"We had completed desilting of the drain between AIIMS and Gautam Nagar culvert. CPWD is constructing a road above the drain. We had asked CPWD to remove the waste from the remaining portion where construction is still on. But they have not removed it,'' said Mukesh Yadav, press and information officer, South Corporation.The stretch between AIIMS and Gautam Nagar culvert was completed long ago and the remaining work is likely to finish by end of this year, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15915219", "title": "Man dies in attempt to save wife", "text": "NAGPUR: A 50-year-old man died in an attempt to save his wife, who had set herself ablaze over regular disputes between them. The incident took place at the couple's residence at Yadav Nagar under the jurisdiction of Yashodhara Nagar police station on Sunday morning.Dyaneshwar Dongre succumbed to 80% burn injuries at Mayo hospital on Tuesday morning. His wife, Sangeeta is struggling for life in the same hospital.According to the police, Dongre, a daily wager and drunkard, would regularly torture Sangeeta over trivial issues. Harassment and abusing each other was a regular affair between the couple. On Tuesday morning, the couple had a heated argument and in a fit of rage Sangeeta attempted to set herself ablaze.Dongre rushed to prevent her and ended up catching fire himself. Neighbours rushed the couple to Mayo hospital. Police constables at Mayo police booth alerted Yashodhara Nagar police station. Dongre's death was registered as a case of accidental death.Police sources from Mayo hospital said there was tension at Mayo mortuary between Dongre's family and his in-laws over the presence of some relatives during the last rites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15928373", "title": "SRK plays action hero in Kashmir\u2019s \u2018strong arms\u2019", "text": "For Yash Chopra's upcoming film, the actor hangs from a bridge and shoots midair, but takes a break from the hectic schedule to meet son before he leaves for LondonAfter a grueling eight-dayschedule in Ladakh, Shah Rukh Khan arrived at the Srinagar International Airport on Monday. \"My father's one unfulfilled wish was to bring me to Kashmir cos his mom was from here. Now I am here, it feels I am in his big strong arms,\" tweeted the actor. Within minutes of his arrival, he boarded a private chopper to avoid the wet roads and reached the hill resort in Pahalgam, south Kashmir. The crew of the film - including Anushka Sharma , Katrina Kaif and director Yash Chopra were waiting for him. On Tuesday, a difficult bridge blowing scene was planned. Sources from the valley told us how the unit planned to blast a bridge in Pahalgam.Meanwhile back at the actor's mansion in Mumbai, his son Aryan was busy packing his bags to leave for London - mommy Gauri in tow. And if sources are to be believed, papa Khan did not let his son go off without meeting him. In the midst of the adrenaline pumping action sequences planned in the valley, and driving through the cold deserts of Ladakh, Shah Rukh, say sources, took a break. He flew down to Mumbai to see his son off to his school, Sevenoaks in Kent. In fact, the actor (perhaps on his way back from Mumbai) had tweeted, \"Dark clouds, wet roads, too early for even life to feel alive but I am on my way to make movies.\"But while Gauri was spotted leaving with son Aryan for London, daddy had to rush back to the sets in Kashmir - to shoot in midair as we can now see.The doting daddy however, had visited his son's future school earlier. On June 14, Shah Rukh visited the institution, which is said to be one of the finest educational hubs for youngsters aged 11-18 years. And on August 4, Aryan's admission was finally done.On Monday, August 27, Aryan was thus off to a new phase of his life. Far from the media glare his parents decided to keep him away from, Aryan flew off with mum. Close friends came to bid him a happy journey. Here's wishing Aryan a wonderful life ahead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15917618", "title": "Punjab cabinet nod to new appointment policy of doctors", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With a view to address shortage of doctors in Punjab, a special appointment and transfer policy was on Tuesday approved by the state government which will also allow walk-in interviews and campus recruitment for specialists.A decision to this effect was taken at a cabinet meeting presided by chief minister Parkash Singh Badal.Madan Mohan Mittal, health and family welfare minister, Punjab said, according to the newly formed policy, all the health institutions have been divided into four categories namely A, B, C and D on the basis of their location and the doctors will be required to serve a certain minimum period there.Category A would include the major cities like Amritsar, Patiala, Ludhiana and Jalandhar; Category B would cover semi-urban and urban areas, Category C would have other difficult areas which are not included in category B, while the Category D would cover the more difficult rural areas of the state.According to the new policy, now a basic minimum tenure of service has been fixed for doctors in health institutions falling under each of these categories, i.e. in Category D has minimum tenure of 4 years, Category C minimum time for posting would be for 5 years, Category B- 7 years and remaining tenure can be served in the institutions falling under Category A.The minister said this policy would not be applicable to those medical officers, who have already completed their five years of service as on Jaunary one this year.He said once a medical officers completes the specified period of service in a particular category, he/she shall be given some preference regarding their choice of posting under the next eligible category.However, he informed that the first posting shall only be given in the health institutions falling under the Category- D. Similarly, a minimum period of nine years of service shall be pre-requisite for the doctors for deputations to Chandigarh or other places.Mittal said all the posts of the specialist doctors have been taken out of the purview of the PPSC and these posts would now be filled through 'walk-in-interviews' as well as campus recruitments from the medical colleges of Punjab state and amongst the doctors pursuing MD courses at PGIMER, Chandigarh.The department would update the status of vacant posts monthly on its website and the special selection committee constituted by the government would hold walk-in-interview on the 16th of each month for filling these posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15911664", "title": "Ryots protest over meagre water release", "text": "HYDERABAD: Enraged over the scanty release of water, farmers staged a protest by locking up the irrigation office in Tenali on Tuesday. Ryots alleged that the officials are releasing water to a select few canals due to pressures from influential leaders and are doing injustice to those in need. They entered into a heated debate with the officials in the executive engineer's office and refused to withdraw agitation till the senior officials came and discussed it. Finally, EE M Nageswara Rao requested local legislator Nakka Anand Babu to pacify the protestors. The farmers gheraoed the official when he arrived at the spot and demanded release the entire quantity of water coming from Prakasam barrage. The EE however, tried to divert their attention by said the releases from Prakasam itself were low and hence they were forced to manage with the same. The farmers finally ended the protest in the evening and opened the locks of EE's office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15911805", "title": "Wakf Board-govt rift deepens", "text": "HYDERABAD: Allegations of corruption against AP State Wakf Board (SWB) chairman Syed Ghulam Afzal Biyabani have brought to the fore the increasing rift and mistrust between the minority welfare department (MWD) and the Wakf Board. That the two have been at loggerheads for long is a known fact. While the Wakf Board is doing all it can to exert its autonomy, the minority welfare department has been desperately issuing a string of government orders and memos to rein in the board. According to board officials, more than two dozen memos were received along with at least two GOs in the past two years.Bureaucrats and board members say their interpretations of the Wakf Act of 1995 have been consistently divergent with phrases such as the nature of the board being described as an 'autonomous body' and its 'day to day affairs' remaining the bone of contention. While the minority welfare department and the board have done precious little to protect wakf land, they are busy undermining each other's efforts and insidiously settling scores behind the scenes.A Wakf Board source said, \"Bureaucrats have been targeting us time and again because they want to destroy the autonomy of the board. Enquiries are ordered at the drop of a hat which are not even prima facie allegations while larger issues such as the 1654.32 acre Manikonda Jagir and the 1,100 acre Ishaq Madani Dargah issues are swept under the rug. The department has also stopped grant-in-aid to the board since 2010 to pay salaries to the staff.\"Many bureaucrats familiar with Wakf Board say that the politically connected board has always tried to wriggle out of the government's control on the pretext of autonomy. They claimed that every measure to bring about reforms in functioning and rooting out corruption results in tacit roadblocks from political heavyweights. Mohammed Shafiquzaman, former secretary, MWD and former special officer of the Wakf Board said, \"I had listed all wakf properties in the state along with the extent of land of each property on the internet. But those with vested interests in the board got it removed. We had also tried to give the board judicial powers by appointing three deputy collectors with the powers of a sub-divisional magistrate to protect wakf properties. But these officers were not given any work in the board.\"According to former Rajya Sabha member Aziz Pasha, the only way to save wakf land is by setting up a Wakf Commissionerate which would give even a deputy commissioner or an assistant commissioner power to evict encroachers.Encroachment of its land by the government remains the biggest problem faced by the Wakf Board. The board will not be able to reclaim land, whether in public or private possession, without the support from the government.There has to be a way that the board and the minority welfare department work in tandem and not fight with each other, observers believe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15918747", "title": "Meet the Mahabalis who ruled Kongunadu", "text": "COIMBATORE: King Mahabali may be a mythical character in Kerala, but there were a set of historic Mahabalis who ruled parts of Tamil Nadu in the sixth and seventh century AD. Part of the famous Vanavarayar clan, these Mahabalis were also known for their benevolence and won the appreciation of their people through able administration.Former state archeology director Dr R Nagasamy, who has conducted extensive research on the ancient and modern history of Tamil Nadu, has written that a family known as Mahabali Vanavarayar and Maavali Vanavarayar had ruled the north western parts of Tamil Nadu in the sixth and seventh centuries. The family was involved in public affairs since the Sangam era and their power and position increased in the 6{+t}{+h} century AD, notes Nagasamy in his essay, 'Oru Tholperunkudiyin Varalaru,' which has been included in the volume, 'Kalaveliyil Oru Jeevanathi: Vanavarayar Varalaru,' edited and compiled by Pundit K Arunachala Gounder.\"The family becomes regional rulers under different dynasties and the senior-most family member assumed the title King Mahabali. Like the mythical character Mahabali, they were popular rulers with strong social commitment and accountability. As per the rock engravings unearthed by archeology department, two Vanavarayars named Vijayadithya Maavali Vanavarayar and Vinayadithya Maavali Vanavarayar had self rule in Thiruthani between Chennai and Tirupati those days,'' observes Nagasamy. Vanavarayars later extended their rule across the northern and western parts of today's Tamil Nadu and even expanded their rule to the Chalukya regions of Karnataka. Mahabalis also worked under Chola, Pallava and Vijayanagara dynasties.\"In those days, present Kerala was also part of Tamil Nadu. Our forefathers may have taken the Mahabali tag after getting inspired by the folklore of mythological king Mahabali,'' says Sankar Vanavarayar, the youngest in the family dynasty, who runs a number of industries and educational institutions in Coimbatore. Even now, the Vanavarayar family is known for its philanthropy and social concerns. Sankar's father B K Krishnaraj Vanavarayar is still rendering yeoman services in preserving the historical and cultural heritages of western Tamil Nadu apart from promoting agriculture.\"Onam is not a monopoly of Kerala. Descriptions of many of the festivities associated with Onam, including Onathallu and laying of flower carpet are present in Mankudi Maruthanar's second century classic Madurai Kanchi. The Mahabali Vanavarayar tales also stress the importance of promoting the common history of Kerala and Tamil Nadu,'' says Vijayakumar Kunissery, poet and translator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15929112", "title": "Finding an actress to be Mary Kom is difficult: Bhansali", "text": "While Sanjay Leela Bhansali and debutant director Omang Kumar are a little worried about the casting, Kom herself is least perturbedThe women in his films so far have been strong-willed (Rani Mukerji as the vision and speech impaired girl in Black), selfless (Madhuri Dixit as Chadramukhi in Devdas ) and hardworking (Aishwarya Rai as Sofia in Guzaarish ). But Sanjay Leela Bhansali's latest muse, boxing champion Mary Kom is different from all of them. And thus, when the filmmaker meets the woman he wants to make a biopic on, it makes us curious about the unlikely turn of events. But dressed in a yellow kurta and smiling ear-to-ear, Bhansali looks prepared to take the plunge.It is late noon when Mary arrives at Film City. Bhansali is heard saying, \"She is such a lovely girl,\" reaffirming his determination to make a biopic on the Olympic winner. We learn that Omang Kumar, the art director of Black and Saawariya, has long decided that his debut directorial will only be on Mary Kom. He even approached a few filmmakers before Bhansali decided to produce the venture.Mary's story moved Bhansali. From the remote corners of northeast India, her struggle to overcome the odds and win five world championships and one Olympic medal, strikes a chord with Bhansali. \"Here's a person so warm, so motivated, so inspiring. Her story needs to be told to the world. She is India's pride,\" says Bhansali.Meanwhile, his 29-year-old subject remains unflustered. \"Life has changed for me a great deal. Nobody recognised me before the recent Olympics began. But now, it's not easy for me to go even shopping. And now this film,\" Mary smiles.We ask director saab, which actress according to him would befit the role of the boxing champion. Would it be the feisty Parineeti Chopra? Or maybe Anushka Sharma or Soha Ali Khan ? Omang is undecided. \"At this point, we don't know whether we are going with an established actress or a new face who will match Mary's physicality. It's not an easy choice to make. But since the girl will anyway have to train for four months (to learn boxing, pick up the correct posture and Mary's special stance), we will have to come up with the final name within the next ten days,\" says he. To this Bhansali adds, that the chosen actress will have to stay with Mary for four months to get things right.Mary too realises that casting an actress to play her onscreen avtar isn't easy. But she isn't worried. She feels most actresses would love to work with Bhansali. Her only concern now is to read the final script.\"Omang has done extensive research on me. We have had long chats when he came down to meet me in Manipur last year. Mujhe laga it was a joke, but later I realised how serious the man was. So yeah, I gave my consent. My husband, Onlear Kom stood by my decision. In fact, he said that it was a great opportunity for me to be portrayed on celluloid,\" she pauses and adds, \"Of course, I shall read the final script. And I shall definitely suggest changes if I feel. I might drop by at the shoot if I am free.\"Interestingly, the first time Omang met Mary in Manipur, he couldn't recognise her. Perhaps expecting a small town athlete, Omang was shocked to see that the boxer looked pretty 'hip' in a short skirt and a cap. Back then, the young filmmaker was planning on telling the story of Mary's comeback to the ring after a two-year break. Now, after her Olympic victory, the script has been changed considerably - it's now about Mary becoming a household name in the subcontinent.But what if the final product doesn't portray her personal or professional life correctly? \" Thoda dramatisation zaroor hoga but we shall not deviate from Mary Kom's life,\" Omang explains.Speaking to the lady herself, we find out that she loves Bhansali's films. \"I see Hindi movies. I saw Guzaarish too. But I think Devdas was his best,\" she told us. She hopes that this particular project will help improve ties between the northeast and the rest of India.Right then we notice that the filmmaker is back, this time in a red kurta. Perhaps the humid Mumbai monsoon is taking a toll on Bhansali. Or is he too busy preparing for Ram Leela ? \"The film starts rolling before the month ends,\" he smiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15918532", "title": "Science fair at Millennium school", "text": "PUNE: Over 400 students of the Millennium National School participated in a science fair organised at the school recently.The demonstrations had four levels of expertise. The 'seekers', who were the beginners, explained basic principles and showed how they are applied in daily life. The 'scorchers' showed how body organs work and explained transformations of energy and working of simple machines. As the level changed to 'experts' and 'masters' the projects became more complex with students explaining the functioning of the V6 engine, seismograph and even a mars rover, among other things.Computer scientist Vijay Bhatkar visited the exhibition to encourage the children. Bhatkar gave a patient hearing to the children and adviced them to take failure in their stride and give each task their best without fear of disappointment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15910728", "title": "Woman sticks to rape bid charge against cop", "text": "PATNA: Amid reports of allegation and withdrawal of allegation, insurance agent Nisha (name changed) on Tuesday reiterated that Pirbahore police station's inspector incharge Rahmat Ali did try to outrage her modesty as she alleged in an FIR lodged in the Mahila police station on Sunday night.Ali has since been transferred to the police lines. Patna SSP Amrit Raj issued an order to the effect on Monday night following which Ali reported to the police lines on Tuesday morning, sources said.Nisha had first complained to the women's helpline on August 23, alleging Ali called her on August 22 and asked her to meet him in a room in a city hotel. When she reached there, she found the inspector alone in the room. Even as she tried to escape, Ali attempted to outrage her modesty, she alleged.\"I never changed my statement. I gave a second petition to the women's helpline, requesting not to publicize my complaint. On Sunday, I went to the office of SP (city) Jayant Kant along with my mother and gave the same statement,\" she told TOI.She said when she went to the women's helpline again, the helpline functionaries sought to persuade her to make peace with Ali. \"I am satisfied with the way police investigation is taking shape,\" she said and alleged it was the women's helpline official who forced her to change the petition.Women's helpline project officer Pramila Kumari, however, denied Nisha's accusation against her. \"Nisha came to our office on her own, saying she wanted to change her petition. We just allowed her to do that,\" Kumari said and added Nisha reached the Mahila police station before the helpline could forward her petition to the police.SP (city) Jayant Kant said police were investigating the case. \"The FIR was lodged on the basis of the victim's version. Therefore, there should be no confusion,\" he said and added Gardanibagh police station SHO S A Hashmi had been given the additional charge of the Pirbahore police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15913209", "title": "Gangster Vijay Palande to undergo lie detector test today", "text": "MUMBAI: Gangster Vijay Palande and his aide Dhananjay Shinde will undergo lie detector and brain mapping tests on Wednesday in the third murder case.After these tests the police will conduct the narco test. The accused were taken to Kalina forensic science laboratory for the formalities on Tuesday. Cops are hoping to get a clue about the victim's identity with the help of the scientific tests. Palande, along with Shinde, had allegedly murdered aspiring film producer Karankumar Kakkar on March 5 at his Oberoi Springs flat in Andheri (W) They chopped his body into pieces and dumped the parts at Kumbharli ghat. The police later recovered the torso and skull from the spot.Forensic tests revealed that while the torso is Kakkar's, the skull belongs to someone else. According to the police, the victim was killed in Kakkar's house and may have been acquainted with the producer.Rozalyn Khan, Kakkar's girlfriend and small-time actress has been questioned in connection with the killing. Khan told the police that Kakkar lived alone. The police have checked the record of missing persons in the city to trace the victim's identity. A questionnaire has been prepared by the police with details pieced together after questioning Kakkar's friends.The accused have already confessed to their involvement in the Kakkar murder case. The police have already filed a chargesheet in the case. On April 7, Shinde and Manoj Gajkosh, another Palande aide, allegedly killed businessman Arunkumar Tikku in a flat at an Oshiwara society. A resident saw them at the scene and they fled after leaving Tikku's body in the bathroom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "sant vihar colony", "code": "15912515", "title": "Migrant labourer murdered", "text": "SANT VIHAR COLONY: A migrant labourer was reportedly murdered by his neighbour on Monday night at Sant Vihar Colony on Chooharhpur Road.Om Parkash, 27, who hailed from Betia district in Bihar and was staying here in a rented accommodation, was attacked with a sharp-edged weapon in abdomen. Though he tried to flee from the spot, he couldn't cover much distance and collapsed in Harmeet Colony, near here. When he was taken to civil hospital, doctors declared him brought dead.Investigating officer Swaran Singh said, \"It was found during preliminary investigation that Parkash had an affair with the wife of Vinod Kumar, who too hails from Betia district. Kumar returned to the city a few days ago after leaving his wife in Bihar. On Monday night, he, along with two of his accomplices, attacked Parkash.\"A case has been registered. All accused are on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15919522", "title": "Bokaro boy loses teeth after being slapped by teacher", "text": "BOKARO: A student of Class VI of Bokaro Ispat Senior Secondary School has suffered injuries after being thrashed allegedly by his chemistry teacher in his school here. Hundreds of students demonstrated in front of the institution demanding action against the teacher.\"Police have detained teacher B R Rai after receiving complaint from the victim family,\" said Surrender Kumar, officer in charge of Sector IV police station. He said the boy, who has been sent to Bokaro General Hospital for treatment, had lost four teeth and there were injury marks on his face. The family is in a state of shock after the incident.\"The teacher has beaten up the boy in an inhuman way. We have received complaint from his father Lakhi Narayan Manjhi, a resident of Sector VI. Manjhi is a BSL employee,\" said Kumar. He added that during investigation police found that Rai had assaulted the boy finding him wandering on the school corridors.School principal Kanta Ram said the teacher had just slapped the boy once finding him wandering on corridors. Rai has not beaten intentionally. \"After seeing the condition of the boy, we even provided necessary medical treatment to him,\" said the principal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15915558", "title": "Woman faces councillor wrath for molest charges", "text": "KOLKATA: A homemaker in her early twenties was allegedly molested by her landlord for failing to pay a month's rent in time. Things took a worse turn for her after she lodged a complaint with Baguiati Police on Sunday, earning the wrath of the local councillor, who allegedly threatened her to withdraw the complaint.She has accused Trinamool councillor of Rajarhat Gopalpur municipality Bikash Naskar of threatening her to take the complaint back, else she won't be able to live in the area. On Tuesday, she also lodged a complaint against Naskar. The woman also alleged that the police are not taking action against her earlier complaint, where she named five persons who had allegedly molested her and beat up her husband.Meanwhile, Naskar said: \"I didn't threaten anyone. If somebody is using my name, police must take action against him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15911973", "title": "Bench recuses itself from hearing public interest litigation", "text": "MUMBAI: A bench headed by Justice Sharad Bobde recused itself on Tuesday from hearing a public interest litigation filed against the Adarsh housing society. Justice Bobde recused himself, saying \"not before me\", when he along with Justice R G Ketkar were to hear the PIL filed by Thane resident Pravin Wategaonkar and another activist, Simpreet Singh, for a proper probe into the Adarsh irregularities.The recusal meant that an intervention petition filed by former chief minister Ashok Chavan to challenge the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) jurisdiction was not heard.A bench headed by Justice Bobde had heard the Adarsh PIL on August 3 and adjourned it for further hearing to August 29, after agreeing to hear the issue of the CBI's jurisdiction first.When the matter was called out, advocate Saket Mone, who represents Adarsh society, was almost going to suggest and seek an adjournment, as senior counsel Shekhar Naphade for the society was not in court, when Amit Desai, senior counsel, who represents Chavan, said the former CM, an accused in the Adarsh case being probed by the CBI, had sought to intervene. At that point, Justice Bobde said he was recusing from the matter. No reasons were given; in fact, none is required in law.On October 3, 2011 too, when the Adarsh case was listed before a division bench, Justice D D Sinha had similarly recused himself. The matter had then got listed before a division bench of Justices Bobde and Vijaya Kapse Tahilaramani on November 18.A bench of Justices Bobde and Mridula Bhatkar was hearing the case since April 2012. In an order on April 30, 2012, Justice Bobde had directed the CBI and Enforcement Directorate to file a written reply to Wategaonkar's plea for a probe into Vilasrao Deshmukh, who has since passed away, Sushil Kumar Shinde, NCP legislator Jitendra Awhad and others.Wategaonkar's PIL, seeking a probe into aspects of money-laundering, had led to the filing of an enforcement case information report on March 6, 2012. Justice Bobde had also directed the CBI to quickly complete the probe and file a chargesheet.Adarsh Society and the State of Maharashtra had raked up the issue of jurisdiction just before the chargesheet was to be filed in June 2012. Justice Bobde had kept the arguments on jurisdiction at bay, which paved the way for the agency to file the chargesheet. The agency had filed its chargesheet on July 4 against all it had named in the FIR and two others.On the last date of hearing on August 3, Justice Bobde had agreed with the request of additional solicitor-general Kevic Setalvad to hear arguments on the issue of jurisdiction and posted the matter on August 29. Wategaonkar also filed a petition seeking that San Finance (Nagpur), belonging to BJP MP Ajay Sancheti be probed and Chavan had moved an intervention application seeking quashing of the FIR as the state government had not requested the CBI to investigate the case. The matter will get listed before another bench in due course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15921720", "title": "Capital reels under rain fury, blame game still on", "text": "NEW DELHI: With 36.2mm of rain recorded between 8.30am and 5.30pm on Tuesday, the total rainfall witnessed in the past two days touched 79.3mm on Tuesday. The Met department has predicted isolated heavy showers for Delhi and neighbouring areas for another day after which the intensity of rain will come down substantially.\"The monsoon was active over Haryana, Chandigarh, Delhi, east Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat on Tuesday. The north-south oscillation on the monsoon trough has resulted in widespread moderate to heavy showers over large parts of northwest India. An upper air cyclonic circulation that was over north Chhattisgarh and adjoining Orissa till Monday had moved over to northeast MP and adjoining areas on Tuesday and helped in providing moisture to the system,\" said a Met official.Tuesday saw above the long period average normal rainfall for the day at west UP, Haryana, Chandigarh and Delhi, Punjab, Jammu and Kashmir, west and east Rajasthan . Northwest India's deficit climbed down another notch to 15% while the country's deficit for the season also slipped down to 12%. Delhi, which had a deficit of 26% till Monday morning, saw it come down to a little less than 19% on Tuesday morning.\"The total rainfall in Delhi from June 1 till 5.30pm on August 28 has been 451mm. On Tuesday, Lodhi Road recorded the second heaviest showers with 33.4mm followed by Aya Nagar. The maximum temperature went up to 31.8 degrees Celsius while the minimum was 25.3 degrees Celsius,\" said a Met official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15917817", "title": "Household articles on display at Chaudhris exhibition", "text": "BHOPAL: A special exhibition titled 'Smriti' based on the ethnographic collection of the eminent sculptor Late Prof Sankho Chaudhuri and his wife Ira Chaudhuri is underway at rock art heritage building at Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Manav Sangrahalaya (IGRMS).A release said, the exhibition comprises about 200 objects ranging from the very simple household article to creative art works made from wood, bamboo, gourd shell, leather and metal among others.The exhibition not only find the objects from India but also from other parts of the world, such as Indonesia, Iraq, Japan, China, Greece, Kenya , Malaysia, Nepal, New Zealand, Nigeria, Tanzania, Thailand, Yugoslavia etc.Late Prof Sankho Chaudhuri was the founder president of Rashtriya Manav Sangrahalaya Samiti. Realising the need for a museum of man, he started to collect the objects for the reserve collection of IGRMS from the year 1976 itself.The exhibition carries wooden art objects from a number of countries around the world. Special mention can be made of \"Makonde wood craft\" \" Lamu chair\" \"Hausa art work\" from African countries.Makonde wood craft of Tanzania known as \"Shaitani figure\" is based on myths, made out of African black wood. \"Lamu chair\" literally known as the \"Chair of Power\" collected from Kenya. The metal objects of various shapes and sizes representing different countries are also an attraction of this exhibition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15915101", "title": "NGO men held for abduction bid on Bypass", "text": "KOLKATA: Instances of cars being forcibly taken away by recovery agents for failure to repay auto loans aren't rare. But on Monday, members of an NGO that runs an addiction rehabilitation centre allegedly tried to abduct a 27-year-old for failing to pay for his treatment.The bid was foiled by an alert traffic sergeant. The duo has been arrested.On Monday evening, sergeant Anirban Dey Roy was on duty at the intersection of Eastern Metropolitan Bypass and Prince Anwar Shah Road connector, directing rush-hour traffic. From his post on the western flank of the Bypass, his attention was suddenly drawn to a commotion on the opposite flank near the Abhishikta complex.Three men were trying to overpower a youth and force him into a taxi. Roy immediately rushed over to find out what was happening.The trio did not take his intervention kindly and brazenly got into an argument with the officer. Realizing that the three men were trying to abduct the youth, he called the nearest police station for help.Tackling three men on his own was tough; he needed support to nab the culprits. Within minutes, Krishnendu Konar, assistant sub-inspector of Garfa police station, arrived. The officers caught hold of two abductors while the third managed to slip away in the commotion.At the police station, the victim said his name was Pinaki Chowdhury. The police were stunned when the alleged abductors, Abhijit Roy and Amit Raha, said they were from an addiction rehabilitation centre at Sonarpur.The man who managed to escape was identified as Partho Burman. The victim and the two suspects admit they know him.\"Chowdhury got admitted to the rehab centre around 13 months ago. After staying for a year, he suddenly left and moved to his sister's house in Baghajatin. Roy and Raha claimed Chowdhury had Rs 30,000 outstanding on account of treatment at the centre but Chowdhury alleged that the NGO had been extorting him during the stay. Roy and Raha hatched the plot with Burman to recover the money,\" a police officer said.Police have now initiated an investigation into the functioning of the NGO. The accused have been remanded in police custody. Police are looking for Burman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15917330", "title": "Tremors as Shivaji Park and precincts on heritage draft", "text": "MUMBAI: The proposed list of additions to the heritage roll in the city put up by the BMC was first drawn up by the Mumbai Metropolitan Regional Heritage Conservation Society in 2005. The Mumbai Heritage Conservation Committee (MHCC) endorsed it two years later. But it took another five years for the civic body to publish it and invite opinions.Of the 800 names on the list, understandably the loudest noise is being made about Shivaji Park and its precincts, which have been proposed to be included in Grade I category.\"Shivaji Park and its precincts are recommended as Grade I in a bid to protect the open space. If a precinct becomes Grade I, an area larger than just its 100m periphery comes under the ambit of heritage. No other area in the city has been marked as Grade I. Only Five Gardens in Dadar at the moment is Grade III. MHCC doesn't prevent heritage structures from repair works. But if the list is passed, even for painting a building in the Shivaji Park precincts, one will need the heritage committee's approval,\" said an MHCC member. Rules and permission to repair and renovate is more relaxed as the grades are relaxed (see graphic).Umesh Desai, an IT professional residing in Saloni housing society near Portuguese Church, grumbled: \"Many structures in Shivaji Park are decades old and need repair. Everyone knows getting permission from the heritage committee is a time-consuming and tedious process.\"Despite apprehensions about needing permission for something as basic as paint work, some residents are pleased. Ashok Ravat, a Shivaji Park old-timer, said: \"As per the Shivaji Park scheme of 1925, one could construct from ground up to two floors. Later, when the Development Control Rules came into force in 1967, the ground plus two floors rule was diluted and two more floors were permitted. But the buildings retained distinctive features like compulsory open spaces (15ft on each side), a distance of 30 ft between two buildings. So, this residential locality of middle class citizens is a unique area with plenty of open spaces around each building and a common public playground for use of people from across the city. The heritage tag will help retain that.\"Architect Chetan Raikar struck a note of caution on the expansion of the heritage list. \"One cannot go on adding hundreds of structures to the list without providing adequate incentives to people to maintain private properties. It is like saying, I like the way something looks so they cannot change it. Why should an owner suffer for having inherited an old bungalow that he cannot look after and wishes to redevelop? You have to offer financial support \u2014 either tax rebates or TDR. In areas like Kalyan and Alibag people pulled down their old bungalows once they realized they might be enlisted.\"Conservation architect Vikas Dilawari advised the authorities to strike a balance. \"In London, for instance, most old structures are protected under heritage guidelines while Shanghai has lost everything for want of safeguards. Here in Mumbai, we need to preserve places like Gilbert Hill which could have been elevated to Grade I status,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15922213", "title": "Govt orders probe into Karnataka Cooperative Milk Federation scam", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka government on Tuesday ordered a probe into the purchase of cottonseed cake for a higher price following allegations of a Rs 30-crore scam in the Karnataka Cooperative Milk Federation.The Times of India reported the scam on Monday. Cooperation minister BJ Puttaswamy said joint director of cooperation department Gopal will conduct the probe and submit report by August 31.KMF MD M N Venkataram said procurement was through valid tenders. \"It's false and baseless to say KMF lost crores of rupees.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15911553", "title": "Five years of saving lives", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In 2007, citizens knew of three emergency numbers - 100 for police, 101 for fire brigade, and 102 for ambulance. Five years on, they remember one that offers succour no matter what the crisis is: 108. Over the years, the 108 service has gained the trust and respect of citizens; and the service itself has emerged as a model for lifesaving first responders, like America's 911.The service was flagged off by A P J Abdul Kalam, a former President of India, and Narendra Modi from Sola Civil Hospital on August 29, 2007, with a fleet of 14 ambulances for Ahmedabad and Gandhinagar districts. After five years, 506 ambulances and a staff of more than 2,600 cater to 6 crore citizens in all the districts of the state.Jay Narayan Vyas, the state health minister, said that today a 108 ambulance is dispatched every four seconds in the state to save somebody's life. \"It has an impeccable record - comparable to the best in the world - in saving lives and tackling emergencies,\" he said. \"The 30,000 children who were born aboard 108 ambulances testify to the service's acceptance in society.\"When the service began in Gujarat after a successful run in southern states, people had no idea what a 108 ambulance could do, said Jashvant Prajapati, chief operating officer of GVK Emergency Management and Research Institute (EMRI), Gujarat. \"It was not a cakewalk to earn citizens' trust and make them register the number on their speed dial,\" Prajapati said. \"We are happy that the services are appreciated by the beneficiaries. It motivates us to deliver our best.\"The constant banter between the state and central governments over the credit for the service has not affected 108. EMRI officials said that 108's functioning was result of well-oiled machinery of technology and human expertise.\"The moment somebody calls our number, the call center receives it and after understanding the case, dispatches an ambulance,\" said a senior official. \"For urban areas, the average response time is 13 minutes and for rural it is 25. All personnel - from the support staff and the driver to the emergency medical technician - work to save the precious first hour after any emergency, considered the Golden Hour by doctors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15917053", "title": "Army drive to seize arms in six districts", "text": "GUWAHATI: With violence continuing in riot-hit Assam, the army launched one of its biggest search operations ever in six districts of lower Assam to seize illegal arms and explosives.\"The army is out and is helping us. It has been given full powers to seize illegal arms and ammunition and I believe we will get results very soon,\" chief minister Tarun Gogoi said.The army is already engaged in counter-insurgency operations in the entire state and from July 25, it was requisitioned by the state government specifically to assist the civil administration in quelling the ethnic clashes in lower Assam.Despite the huge presence of security forces and the army, the state continues to be on the boil. On Tuesday, one more body was recovered in Kokrajhar district while one person died in a firing incident late on Monday night at Pakharitol village in Dhubri district, taking the death toll to 90. Five others, including a child, were injured in the Monday firing incident. Police said miscreants also set several house on fire at Pakharitol village.Defence sources said, \"The army's focus has now been shifted to seizing all the illegal weapons out in the open. There are explosives too out there and the army's job is to push its intelligence gathering and get hold of all these weapons and explosives. There are reports that even normal people who have no links with rebel outfits may possess arms.\"Nearly 2,000 troops have been deployed in every nook and corner of Kokrajhar, Dhubri, Bongaigaon, Chirang, Baksa and Nalbari districts in lower Assam where the clashes have spread so far. Apart from these six districts, army has also been deployed to help the civil administration in Kamrup, Hailakandi, Cachar, Karimganj and Sonitpur districts.Several Muslim organizations as well AIUDF leader and MP Badruddin Ajmal, without taking names, made strong allegations before the Centre that there is a large number of illegal weapons in the Bodoland Territorial Area Districts (BTAD) and demanded they be immediately seized. The Centre has assured to do so.The needle of suspicion points towards National Democratic Front of Boroland (Progressive) (NDFB-P), the Bodo militant outfit in peace talks with the Centre, as well as former rebel members of the now disbanded Bodo Liberation Tigers (BLT), whose leaders head the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC). The militants under the ceasefire rules have to deposit all their weapons with the authorities but security agencies believe a lot of weapons may still be kept hidden by them in civilian areas.The CM on Tuesday accused the BJP and AIUDF of making provocative statements and reiterated his appeal to all political parties and outfits to refrain from calling bandhs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15918934", "title": "Time constraints cut off players from sports", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand has produced many national and international hockey players who have been given jobs in the railways under sports quota, but once they are settled, the players feel that they are being distanced from sports.The main reason behind their break of link from sports is lack of sufficient time for practice. Edin Kerketta, a hockey player who was part of the national team from 1999 to 2005, is at present working with the railways. She says after she got he job she has not been able to give enough time to sports.\"I got a job in the railways from the sports quota but now I don't have enough time to practise. After eight hours of duty in office, it is almost impossible for me to take out our hockey sticks and practise at night,\" she said.Kerketta said in Western Railway, the employees who joined from the sports quota, were given half day spare time everyday to practice. But there is no such provision in the South Eastern Railway. She said, \"We are given time to practise only a month before some tournaments but as we are not in continuous practice, our performance in the match is affected. If we are also given half day to practise, the conditions would have been better.\"Availability of proper playground is another reason for the irregular practice of the sportspersons. The gates of Sersa stadium are locked almost all the time and the grass at the grounds has not been trimmed for ages. Urshela Toppo, a former hockey player who is presently working with the railways, said, \"The grass on the grounds is really tall which makes it impossible to practise there. If they want to practice, they have to go to turf but most of the times even the ground is not available there.\"Urshela said, \"If we had got sufficient time to practise hockey, maybe we would have still been playing. I really miss playing hockey but after so much work and lack of time it is not at all possible to practise.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "15914993", "title": "CAG for special audit of Hindi varsity to uncover all irregularities", "text": "WARDHA: Noting financial and operational irregularities at the Wardha-based Mahatma Gandhi International Hindi University, a recent CAG report has asked the government to conduct a special audit of the varsity.The CAG report said, \"It was noticed that there was no proper internal control mechanism in the university. Internal audit of all transactions of various wings of the university (including academic wing) were not carried out, neither by grant sanctioning authority (UGC) nor ministry of human resource development. Under the circumstances, special audit of all policy decisions taken by various committees, including decisions related to creation, recruitment of staff of all category including daily wage staff, all payments towards revenue, non-establishment and capital expenditure, from 2007-08 till date was required to rectify irregularities.\"The report has blamed the university for diverting SC-ST funds towards non-plan expenditure and granting undue favours to a UP-based construction company. It was noted that the vice chancellor belongs to Uttar Pradesh and he was a UP cadre IPS officer. Among its charges, the CAG notes that all the works were undertaken from grants received from University Grants Commission (Central Government grant), which involved crores of rupees. Instead of getting the work done from any other Central Government organization authorized to carry out such works, as provided in the GFR, works were awarded to the Uttar Pradesh Samaj Kalyan Nigam Ltd (Nigam) on the basis of an approval by way of a single noting dated 7/1/2009 as seen from the records. The varsity also did not obtain prior approval from building committee, finance committee, executive council, grant sanctioning authority or the visitor. The CAG believes this indicates clear intention to favour and give undue benefit to Nigam.Also, no information was available on records produced for the audit regarding eligibility of the Nigam to undertake such works or its track record on such construction works. The audit authority also notes that the university had provided undue favour, saying, \"Entrustment of construction work to Nigam appears to favour and give undue benefit to the Nigam.\"The CAG report has also charged the university with several other irregularities, including illegal appointment of OSDs, irregular payments of lakhs to disputed appointees, illegalities in construction of Gandhi Hills, transfer of funds meant for SC-ST students and other purposes in plans to non-plan and other expenditure.The report notes the ironic situation where most of the works, including construction and others activities were monitored by an illegally appointed OSD, Narendra Singh, who was an employee of horticulture department of Uttar Pradesh. The audit report was for financial year 2009-2010 and 2010-2011, when Vibhuti Narayan Rai headed the university as vice chancellor.The audit report charges the university administration with not cooperating with the audit party, by not providing many important files. For instance, files with respect to court cases, recruitment of teaching and non-teaching posts, roster register in respect of SC/ST employees etc were not provided.This report may bring fresh trouble for Rai after his sexist remarks against women and an FIR ordered by Wardha CJM for issuing forged migration certificate to a student.\"The audit of rest of Rai's tenure is still due, it will prove mega loot in the institution in the name of Mahatma and meant for the development of Hindi language,\" said Ashok Meshram, RPI leader and coordinating member of Wardha chapter of the 'Save Hindi University Social Action Group'.However, vice chancellor Rai has termed the report preliminary and hopes the charges will be erased in the final report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15911603", "title": "ACB traps GIDC surveyor accepting bribe", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of state anti-corruption bureau (ACB) nabbed a Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation (GIDC) surveyor for demanding Rs 3,000 to issue maps of a plot in Vatva GIDC on Tuesday afternoon. The liftman who received the bribe money was also made an accused by the trapping officers.According to ACB officials, they received a complaint from Vishal Shah, a resident of Maninagar, against Ajitsinh Parmar, head surveyor of GIDC, at the regional manager's office at Fadia Chambers on Ashram Road. According to Shah's complaint, he had been to Parmar more than once to procure maps of his plot in Vatva GIDC. However, Parmar kept procrastinating and finally demanded Rs 3,000 for the work. After wrangling a bargain, the deal was fixed for Rs 2,500.\"On receiving the complaint, we went to the office and asked Parmar to come down. He took the complainant and one of the witnesses in the lift and accepted the money. However, he sensed quickly that he was trapped and thus handed over the money to the liftman and got out. We however had witnesses so we nabbed him, and the liftman with the numbered currency notes, from the spot,\" said R S Sharma, inspector of ACB Ahmedabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "15932107", "title": "Indian-origin surgeon speaks out days after a High Court quashed his conviction on three counts of manslaughter", "text": "MELBOURNE: Days after a High Court quashed his conviction on three counts of manslaughter, Indian-origin surgeon Jayant Patel praised the Australian justice system and sympathised with his former patients.Dr Patel, 62, was released from jail on Friday night after the High Court unanimously overturned his conviction on three counts of manslaughter and one count of unlawful grievous bodily harm, by ruling his trial a mistrial.In a TV interview aired yesterday, Patel who was dubbed as 'Dr Death' by Australian media, expressed his sympathy to the families of his patients while declaring he would remain in Australia \"as long as it takes\" to clear his name.\"I want to offer my sincere condolences and sympathy to my former patients and their families affected by these events,\" Patel said after his release from the jail.\"It has always been my belief and continues to be my belief that I am innocent of the charges against me. But that does not mean that I don't understand the pain and suffering of others,\" he said.\"I believe that I have always done my best for my patients and their family, despite the attack on my character at the trial and much adverse publicity about me,\" he said.He mentioned that the last four years of which two years he spent in prison had been \"traumatic\".\"In that trial, allegations were made not only about my competence as a doctor but also going to the root of my character and my decency as a human being,\" he said.\"The trauma was not mine alone. I'm acutely aware that the trial and the events surrounding it and the appeals are also very painful for those involved in the events concerned.\"Patel was found guilty by a Supreme Court jury in Brisbane on June 29, 2010, of the manslaughter involving Gerry Kemps, 77, James Phillips , 46, and Mervyn Morris, 75, as well as causing grievous bodily harm to Ian Rodney Vowles, now 65.Meanwhile, his former patients and their supporters have strongly reacted with anger on his TV appearance.The 65-year old Ian Vowles who had a section of his bowel removed by Patel said he was not convinced by Patel's offer of condolences.\"He went on a real lot about nothing. He absolutely said virtually nothing at all,\" he said.The Director of Public Prosecutions (DPP) is considering whether to hold another trial. Patel is due to appear in the Supreme Court on Friday. PTI NC NSA 08291058 NNNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15914988", "title": "Celebrating Onam with 'pookkalam'", "text": "NAGPUR: One thing that even non-Malayalis look forward to on Onam is an invitation to enjoy the sadya or the elaborate feast of 21 items prepared in every Keralite home on this day. But, for a Malayali household, what takes precedence is the flower rangoli or pookkalam. Starting ten days ahead of the big day, small circles of floral patterns begin to appear outside their houses. As the festival draws closer the rangoli only gets bigger.Thumbappoo, the white coloured flower that blooms in this season, may not be available in the city. But enthusiastic boys and girls rise before daybreak to collect flowers. Explaining the significance of the ritual, Shankaran Narayanan Namboodiri, a trustee of the Ayyappa Temple at Anant Nagar, says, \"The flower rangolis are made in the courtyard to welcome King Mahabali. Flowers are used because of their lovely fragrance that gives peace to mind and body and is also 100% natural.\"Though there are specific flowers used in Kerala like vadamalli (gomphrena), kanakambaram, (crossandra) and jamanthi (marigold), nowadays it is all subject to availability. \"Mukkutti, the yellow flower, is a must as it is considered auspicious and a favourite of Ganesha. It is put in the centre of the rangoli,\" added Namboodiri.There are no fixed patterns and women use their imagination to make rangolis. \"Nowadays, we view thousands of patterns on Internet to take ideas,\" says homemaker Vilasini Nair who regrets not getting involved in this process this year due to a busy schedule.\"In Kerala, Onam has become commercialized and a tourist event nowadays. In Nagpur, we still stick to traditional methods though we are restricted by the availability of flowers,\" says Nair. \"The flower vendors in the city are still not aware of this tradition.\"Most households make do with what is available in their garden and buy some from the market. \"We have not noticed any surge in demand during this season. For us, the big occasions are Ganpati, Mahalaxmi, Dussehra and Diwali,\" says flower vendor Narendra Rajankar.Time restrictions have forced many working women to restrict the ritual to just one day. \"I make a big pookkalam with the help of my sister-in-law. It is a time-consuming activity as we have to collect flowers and prepare them by separating the petals for filling in the outline,\" says Dr Bindu Marar.It's all about how colourful it can be made and so the \"brightly coloured marigold in different hues is a must\". \"Though jasmine and roses are used for fragrance, otherwise too the rangoli smells nice and fresh,\" she says.It's not just the Hindu households who perform this ritual. Even Christians make lovely pookkalams. \"This is because Mahabali never differentiated between his subjects on the basis of caste or creed,\" says Gopi Anayadi, a writer, and adds that pookkalam competitions are also organized at the community level to encourage women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15911930", "title": "Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority plans elevated road to decongest island city traffic", "text": "MUMBAI: In the absence of the controversial coastal road between Worli and Cuffe Parade and the Pedder Road flyover, there is relief in sight for peak hour suburban traffic headed to and coming from South Mumbai via the congested Marine Drive and Pedder Road.The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) has decided to appoint a developer by the year-end to build a 4.5km elevated road from Sewri to Worli, near the end of the sea link, at a cost of about Rs 200 crore.The road will be attached to the upcoming eastern freeway, between Princes Dock (towards Colaba) and Chembur. The Chembur end will eventually be connected to the Eastern Express highway in Ghatkopar and Mankhurd on the Sion-Panvel highway.Similarly, the elevated road will have connectivity with the proposed sea link between Sewri and Nhava, also known as the Mumbai Trans Harbour Link (MTHL). Connectivity will be through a rotary or cloverleaf structure, offering entry and exit towards all four ends: Worli, Chembur, Navi Mumbai and Colaba.While the Pedder Road flyover is being opposed by South Mumbai residents and is yet to be approved by the Ministry of Environment &amp; Forests (MoEF), the coastal road will require amendments in the Environment Act itself. Permission for both is expected to take two to three years. In the meantime, MMRDA officials said they can build the elevated road.\"Instead of taking the traditional Marine Drive-Pedder Road route, traffic on the western corridor, over probably three years, will be signal-free between Worli and Princes Dock through this connector,\" said MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana.\"Although railway permission is not yet in to build a bridge above Elphinstone bridge, work will start by January 2013 to avoid delay. The bridge portion will be built only when permission is given,\" said another MMRDA official.\"The project will decongest Pedder Road in the absence of the 4km flyover and nearly 10km coastal road between Worli and Cuffe Parade,\" said a senior MMRDA technocrat. While the eastern freeway too will decongest Dr Ambedkar Road, Eastern Express highway and Sion-Panvel road, the sea link will bring Navi Mumbai closer to South Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "15916568", "title": "Demolish illegal tanks at Sada: Planning and development authority", "text": "VASCO: The Mormugao planning and development authority has ordered the demolition of \"unauthorized tanks\" of Ganesh Benzoplast Ltd existing at Sada on grounds that they did not adhere to the stop work order issued last month.Speaking to TOI, PDA chairman Krishna 'Daji' Salkar said, \"Despite serving them a stop order notice they were carrying out the work. Secondly, after a couple of reminders, the reply they sent was found as non-satisfactory.\" On July 5 this year, after leakage of sulphuric acid from the tanks near the tank vicinity, GBL were served a stop work order on July 6 by the PDA.The PDA has served a demolition notice on Tuesday under Section 52 of the Town &amp; Country Planning Act, 1974. There are four tanks already existing, from which GBL has permissions for only two tanks, that too for storing edible oil. GBL was constructing two tanks without any permission from the concerned authorities, MPDA stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15920512", "title": "Karnataka State Law University plans course in entertainment law", "text": "HUBLI: The Karnataka State Law University (KSLU) plans to introduce a six-month certificate course in entertainment law in association with Brain League, an intellectual property services company.Karnataka State Law University's evaluation registrar K S Bagale told TOI that only the Harvard Law School has an entertainment law course. The KSLU course aims to make law graduates proficient in intellectual property and copyright laws, and in drafting patents for movies and tele-serials.\"We have only the Cinematography Act to deal with legal issues related to entertainment. So more laws should be enacted to deal with the legal aspects of entertainment,\" Bagale said.The course is expected to help film producers, who find it difficult to deal with plagiarism and copyright issues, and who are handicapped due to the shortage of experts in the field.Law graduates are eligible to pursue the course. After completing it, they can work with film production houses or practise independently.Nishanth Kewalramani, head of Brain League, a Bangalore-based company, told The Times of India: \"We plan to start the course in October or November. It deals with various aspects of the Copyright (Amendment) Act. The course will provide skills in legal matters related to the entertainment and media sectors. Law graduates and those in the media can take up the course.\"Violation of copyright and plagiarism in the film industry have caused huge losses to producers, who rue the lack of a strong law to deal with copyright issues. They have expressed the need for legal professionals specializing in copyright issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15918173", "title": "Lioness dies of snake bite in Van Vihar", "text": "BHOPAL: A 14-year-old lioness died of snake bite on Tuesday in Van Vihar zoo, the animal rescue centre here.The lioness named Lily was brought to Van Vihar after being rescued from a circus in Jaipur, Rajasthan, in 2006, officials said.The post-mortem of the mammal suggested that it died of snake bite, they added. With this, the lion population has come down to around 10, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15917048", "title": "Lucknow reports 6 fresh swine flu cases, total count reaches 20", "text": "LUCKNOW: Six out of 35 samples sent to the microbiology department of Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences from Lucknow have confirmed presence of swine flu virus. The report was received by the office of chief medical officer (CMO) on Tuesday morning. With this, the total number of persons who tested positive to H1N1 infection touched 20. Another 20 samples are currently being analysed by microbiologists at the SGPGI.Experts however claim that the cases could just be the tip of an iceberg. \"There is hardly any testing facility for swine flu,\" sources at the health directorate told TOI. They informed that the polymerase chain reaction machines, which are used in conducting the PCR test for isolation of H1N1 virus in a patient's swab sample are collecting dust at various state medical colleges. \"The reason is that necessary reagents, kits and consumables needed to hold the test is yet to be provided to them,\" a senior health official said.Costing about Rs 20-25 lakh each, the machines were supposed to go to all state medical colleges. In some places, as in case of SN Medical College Agra, kits procured last year are being used. Senior faculty member in microbiology department, Dr Ankur Goel, said, \"Through procurement process is underway, we are yet to receive the stocks of accessories for this year.\" He clarified that the work has not suffered. \"We conducted tests, but didn't find any of them positive,\" said Dr Goel.But the machine in MLN Medical College, Allahabad is not being used. Chief medical officer, Allahabad, Dr Padmakar Singh said that the department would buy the kits for holding the swine flu confirmatory test (ELISA kit) when required.Addressing reporters, minister for health and family welfare Ahmed Hasan said that the state is totally prepared to face the crisis. \"The hospitals have been alerted and isolation wards have been set up,\" he said.Meanwhile, the CMO office also organised a training programme for medical officers to apprise them about the screening of swine flu patients. Talking to reporters, CMO, Dr SNS Yadav said, \"As per the protocol of the Union ministry of health and family welfare, swine flu has been divided into three categories. Of all only the third category cases need hospitalisation. Those in the second category can rest at home and take antibiotics for H1N1, while the patients coming under the first category can recover only through rest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15910798", "title": "'Number of institutional deliveries increased in 5 yrs'", "text": "PATNA: Planning Commission member Dr Syeda Hameed said Bihar lacks in human resources but the situation is not good anywhere in the country. She was speaking at a seminar on 'Assessment of utilization and child health services by Muslims and Dalits' at the A N Sinha Institute on Tuesday. Hameed looks after the health sector in the commission.\"Last time when I visited the primary health centres at Phulwarisharif and Maner, the condition was miserable,\" she said, adding it has to be seen whether the situation has improved or not. She admitted gaps in the system but promised to fill them in the next five-year plan.Others who spoke on the occasion were principal secretary, health, Vyasji, senior adviser (WDC), Planning Commission, Vandana Jena, and Dr Shakil of the Centre for Health and Resource Management (Charm).A survey report prepared by the Charm in association with Oxfam India was presented on the occasion. According to the survey conducted at 600 households of Muslim and dalit populated areas in Phulwarisharif and Maner, the number of institutional deliveries has increased to 47.7% in the last few years and routine immunization rose to 64.5%.The survey revealed that 1% of the women who went to government hospitals were kept there for two days while 99% were discharged within four hours of the delivery. It was also found that there were more maternal and child deaths in Muslim community, compared to the dalits.Earlier, Dr Hameed met chief minister Nitish Kumar and apprised him of the policies and schemes of the central government regarding national health mission and Anganbadi kendras.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15911621", "title": "Emotional reverse", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was an emotional day for Padma Soni as she hugged and played with her granddaughter Krisha who turned a year old last week. Padma was meeting her granddaughter for the first time. Standing in the corner, Nikhil, Padma's son and Krisha's father, silently shed tears of joy.\"It felt like going hungry for years and then somebody offers you a plate of the choicest sweets. It was the sweetest day of my life when I reversed my mistake and brought the family together,\" says Nikhil, a jeweller.Nikhil is one of the first sons to bring back a parent from old age home Jivan Sandhya after realizing that she belonged at home. The trustees of Jivan Sandhya said that while many children take their abandoned parents home for a few weeks to save face at social functions like the marriage of their children, Nikhil is the first son who submitted in writing that he would take care of his mother till he is alive.\"In 25 years of my service at Jivan Sandhya, this is the first time an occupant has been taken back into the family for good. This gives me hope that humanity is alive,\" said Farsubhai Kakkad, a trustee of Jivan Sandhya.Padma Soni had left Nikhil's house after a series of misunderstandings with Nikhil and his wife. Padma went to her daughter's home and later got herself admitted to the old age home.That was two and half years ago. Kakkad says that during her stay at the home, they realized while Padma had grudges against her son, these were mere difference of opinions and love still throbbed in her heart for the son.\"We decided to intervene and first called Nikhil to gauge his affection for his mother. We counseled him that as he had already lost his father he should take care of his mother. We called the daughter and son-in-law and also convened a meeting with the daughter-in-law. Fortunately, the children responded. Nikhil's wife who recently lost her mother was emotional and promised to treat Padma like her mother and not a mother-in-law,\" says Kakkad.Finally, Padma left the old age home for the son's house on Monday evening. \"I cannot have enough of my mother and my mother is inseparable from my daughter. I am glad I could reverse my mistake,\" said Nikhil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15917820", "title": "Elderly woman robbed in auto rickshaw", "text": "BHOPAL: An elderly woman was robbed of her gold chain in an auto rickshaw under the limits of Kamla Nagar police station on Tuesday afternoon.Shobhana Kanhey, 60, a resident of Kolar, is a retired government official. She was going to Satpura Bhavan for some pension related work when the incident took place.Kanhey hired a shared auto rickshaw from Kolar tri-section. Since the other two passengers in the auto were females, she readily shared the auto-rickshaw with them.As the auto rickshaw moved, one of the two women passengers pretended to vomit. She bent on Kanhey's side twice, pretending to vomit out, the police added.Kanhey then insisted the auto rickshaw driver to take the woman to hospital. He asked her to get down near Patrakar Colony on Link Road Number 3.As soon as she got down, she realised that her gold chain worth Rs 45,000 was missing. Subsequently, she called her son, Sachin and approached the police to register an FIR.Another incident in GovindpuraA similar incident took place with another woman under the limits of Govindpura police station on Tuesday afternoon. The police said that victim Saroj, a resident of Sagar Estate, works in DRM office. She too shared an auto rickshaw with a woman and lost her mangal sutra. The woman who was sitting in the auto rickshaw in advance along with a youth started pretending to vomit. She bent on the Saroj's side to vomit. However, when Saroj got down from the auto-rickshaw, she realised that her mangal sutra was missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15916176", "title": "Teacher's Day may see protest rally in Panaji", "text": "PANAJI: Members of the All-Goa Aided Primary Schools Office Staff Association will hold a protest rally on Teacher's Day.Scheduled for 3.30pm on September 5, at Azad Maidan, Panaji, the rally is to protest the \"government's indifference\" to their long-pending demands, states a press note released by the association.The note further states that the association's general body meeting in Panaji on Monday spoke of the government in 2009 declaring a scheme to provide grants to clerks and peons in aided primary schools. But the scheme was immediately kept in abeyance, noted members.They further noted that though the present BJP chief minister is also the education minister, no arrangements were made in the budget for the release of salary grants to clerks and peons, despite assurances to the effect.The press note stated that attendees at the general body meeting also expressed surprise that those in the forefront of the fight over the medium of instruction row have not raised \"even a whisper\" in support of their demands.The association has resolved to go ahead with its protest rally if its demands are not resolved by the state government by September 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15915394", "title": "Unauthorized construction to invite triple property tax", "text": "NAGPUR: In a move to control unauthorized constructions, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to recover thrice the normal property tax from owners found violating building bylaws. The process to issue the notices has been started by the zone offices. Additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare told TOI that the decision was taken according to the provisions of City of Nagpur Corporation (CNC) Act.\"The assistant commissioners of all zones have been asked to serve notices,\" he said. NMC figures say there are 1,154 properties whose owners have been served notices under Maharashtra Regional and Town Planning Act. Some had raised objection. All will have to pay the penal property tax. There is no exemption to those raising objection.NMC officials were reluctant to demolish unauthorized constructions despite finding violations. The action was pending against many violators since long. In 2011, then municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal and Kumbhare directed the officials to verify buildings for unauthorized construction. Jaiswal and Kumbhare were shocked to find action pending in large number of cases. They started action against the violators by demolishing the unauthorized construction. The drive has been stopped since commencement of the monsoon.The new system of levying fine on unauthorized construction may also increase revenue to some extent. NMC has to now appoint structural engineers and verify all buildings in the city according to latest notification of the government. There is chance of a large number of new cases of unauthorized construction coming to notice.Interestingly, there are provisions to initiate the action against officials who neglect to take action against the unauthorized constructions. The assistant commissioners of all ten zones are set to start process of recovering penal property tax to avoid action against themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15917259", "title": "National Bamboo Mission assures funds to Arunachal Pradesh", "text": "ITANAGAR: The National Bamboo Mission (NBM) has assured funds to the Arunachal Pradesh Bamboo Resource &amp; Development Agency (APBRDA) for bamboo plantation in the state. NBM deputy director general Kameshwar Ojha made this assurance when APBRDA vice chairman Yora Tagung called on him in New Delhi recently, sources said here on Tuesday. Informing that Rs 40 crore sanctioned to the state earlier from NBM under different schemes had to be sent back due to non-utilization, Ojha asked the vice chairman to utilize the fund. Tagung proposed to form 50 units in each circle for bamboo plantation. A modern nursery for bamboo will be established in Itanagar to provide good quality bamboo to farmers under NBM, which is a centrally-sponsored scheme. Ojha also asked Tagung to monitor the ongoing projects under NBM, sources informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15913392", "title": "Woman killed in mishap", "text": "JAIPUR: A 33-year-old woman lecturer was killed when her scooter was hit by a bus near B-2 Bypass junction on Tonk Road on Tuesday. She was rushed to a hospital where she died while undergoing treatment.According to the police, the deceased, Dr Bhawna Mathur, was a resident of Jodhpur. \"She was staying in a rented accommodation in C-Scheme and was a lecturer at a homeopathy college in Sitapura area,\" a police officer said.She was on her way to college along with a colleague on Tuesday morning when a bus hit her scooter. \"She was thrown onto the road and sustained serious head injuries. The colleague did not sustain any injuries. She was rushed to SMS Hospital with the help of passersby. However, she died while undergoing treatment,\" said the officer.The bus has been seized and an FIR was registered against the driver who fled from the spot.In yet another mishap, a man who was speeding away after stealing a car was hit by a truck on Express Highway on Tuesday. He sustained serious injuries and is undergoing treatment at a hospital.According to the police, the man had stolen the car from New Lohamandi in Harmara and speeding way.\"The car lost balance and rammed into a truck. The police rushed him to a hospital where he is yet to gain consciousness. During preliminary investigation, it has come up that the car was stolen by the man. Further investigation is on,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15914213", "title": "Leopard mauls woman to death in Tarna", "text": "NAGPUR: Even before the Umred-Kharangla Wildlife Sanctuary could be opened for tourism, man-animal conflict has escalated around it. On Tuesday evening, a 45-year-old woman from Tarna village, 60km from here, was mauled to death by a leopard.The victim has been identified as Shushila Uikey, a resident of Tarna. She was working on the farm when the attack took place.\"We suspect it to be the problem leopard of Chikna, as the distance between the two villages is not far. The tragedy took place near forest compartment number 410,\" said PK Mahajan, deputy conservator of forests (DyCF), Nagpur division.This is the fourth attack in the past 18 days and second in eight days. On August 17, a woman Baby Bhagwan Gajbhiye (60), was attacked while she was walking towards her home with her husband. Two villagers were attacked while they were sleeping in front of their homes.There is resentment among villagers against the forest officials, who have failed in trapping the leopard. On Tuesday, police had to be deployed in the village before the forest officials could enter. Officials said they have already placed two cages with bait but the leopard is not taking the bait.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15910630", "title": "DTC not to turn at Maharani Bagh Ring Road", "text": "NEW DELHI: DTC buses travelling on Maharani Bagh Ring Road will not take a cut on the road at Maharani Bagh, said a DTC official. \"Route numbers 274, 400, 402, 403, 507 and 894 will go straight from Ashram towards Mathura Road and Okhla More instead of Maharani Bagh and Tamoor Nagar. This is because there is no cut or turn in the road at Maharani Bagh Ring Road,\" said the spokesperson of Delhi Transport Corporation.However, while returning from Okhla, the buses will run via Bharat Nagar, Tamoor Nagar and Maharani Bagh, the spokesperson added.DTC is also planning to re-start services of buses between Nangloi and Najafgarh. \"Due to unsuitable road condition for bus operations between Nangloi and Najafgarh, DTC had stopped the operation of its buses with effect from July last year. The route numbers 539, 708, 923, 978 etc. were, as a result, diverted to run via Hran Kudna and Neelwal Crossing. Now this road has been repaired by the concerned authority. As a result, bus operations on these routes have been restored again,\" the DTC spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "sitamarhi", "code": "15911048", "title": "One surrenders in suicide case", "text": "SITAMARHI: Another accused in the Kanchanbala suicide case, Bhairbu Rai, has surrendered in the court on Monday and the Dumra police are trying to take him on remand, said police sources. SP Vivek Kumar told newsmen that a STF team has been constituted under the leadership of Dumra SHO Mihir Kumar and the team had raided a few hide-outs of Akhilesh and Gauri Yadav ( the name cited in the suicide note) in Bhau-Prasad, Vishwanathpur and Banchauri villages. They will be behind the bars soon, said the SP.On the day of suicide, Kanchan's brother Manish said nine pages suicide note were seized by the police. Whereas the police released only five pages including two blank pages. Family members are surprised about the missing two pages. Social workers and several student associations are suspicious about the missing notes.The SP disclosed that her writing will be verified and matched by forensic experts after procuring her examination answer book from BRABU, Muzaffarpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15911943", "title": "Nehru Cup: India held by soggy pitch, Nepal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rain was relentless in the Capital and the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium pitch was nowhere near suitable for a training game let alone an international match.The organizers thought otherwise and played the 'advantage' allowing the Nehru Cup league match between India and Nepal to go on following a 30-minute delay on Tuesday evening. After 90 minutes of struggle to stay on their feet, the scoresheet remained untouched. The result did not leave Wim Koevermans amused. \"It is unfortunate that games have to played on such a pitch,\" the India coach said after the game.With seven points and a game against Cameroon to go, India have to keep an eye on Wednesday's game between Cameroon (four points) and Maldives (six points).The Nepal supporters turned up in numbers and were a vociferous lot. They even failed to show respect when the Indian national anthem was being played before the start of the match. Either inspired by their presence or driven by an ardent desire to prolong their stay in the tournament - the neighbours are without a point going into the game - Nepal showed more urgency to break the deadlock.The passes dangerously stopped halfway, the ball had to be lifted before kicked and obviously long punts were the only resort. It was extremely unpleasant to the eye after all the promises of the slick-passing style advocated by Koevermans. The surface was the biggest hindrance and the fear of picking up an injury increased manifold. Captain Sunil Chhetri and his men didn't have much choice but to battle it out.All of the first session witnessed Nepal squandering five flagkicks as goalkeeper Subrata Paul and defender Raju Gaekwad threw their bodies to keep the danger away.Robin Singh was introduced in the second session to add some muscle to the Indian attack and his robust presence started having its desired effect. From one such push and shove tangle, Chhetri received a ball and his rising drive called for a good save from the Nepal goalkeeper Kiran Chemjong. Jewel Raja Sheikh, with fresh legs, showed the skill and composure to get past the sliding legs of Nepal defenders but his flick just missed the post. Another raid followed and Jewel's shot came off the goalkeeper only to be volleyed back by Robin. Chemjong brought off a stunning save.At the fag end of the scrappy affair, Nepal's Bikash Chhetri lost his cool and was given marching orders for showing dissent.With seven points, India's wait for a berth in Sunday's final continues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15913177", "title": "Rahul Gandhi, Akhilesh Yadav, Navjot Singh Sidhu among those with least attendance in Lok Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress MP Rahul Gandhi , H D Kumaraswamy (JD-S), Akhilesh Yadav (SP) and Navjot Singh Sidhu (BJP) are among those who barely attended Parliament in the third year of the 15th Lok Sabha.At the other end of the spectrum with 100% attendance were BJP veteran L K Advani, Congress MPs Nirmal Khatri, P L Punia and J P Agarwal and AIADMK member M Thambidurai.While Rahul was present in Lok Sabha for just 24 days out of the 85 sittings it had between May 2011 and May 2012, Akhilesh, who is now chief minister of Uttar Pradesh, fared slightly better by showing up on 31 days. But cricketer-turned-politician Sidhu and former Karnataka CM Kumaraswamy attended the House for just 16 days.This was stated in 'Representative at Work' -- a report on the third year performance of the 15th Lok Sabha, prepared by an NGO 'Mass for Awareness'.The least attendance of four days was recorded by A Raja (DMK) who was jailed in connection with the 2G spectrum scam. Suresh Kalmadi (Congress), who was also behind bars, was present on 30 days. Former Jharkhand CM Madhu Koda (an Independent MP) attended 25 sittings of the Lok Sabha.UPA chairperson and Congress president Sonia Gandhi attended the House for 34 days out of a total of 85 days. She was out of the country for medical treatment for some time.On spending from MPLADS funds, Sonia utilized Rs 2.32 crore, Advani spent Rs 1.71 crore and leader of opposition in LS Sushma Swaraj spent Rs 8.58 crore.A total of 12,201 interruptions and 110 adjournments were reported from the lower House in the 85 sittings.In all, 175 hours and 51 minutes were lost in protests over issues like price rise, land acquisition, CAG report, Lokpal and Lokayukta, FDI and demand of the then home minister P Chidambaram's resignation. 91 private members bills were presented and 8% MPs used this parliamentary provision.However, more than 50% of the members used the parliamentary instrument of 'special mention'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15911890", "title": "1st coalgate FIR to name fraud firms", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI is giving final touches to its first set of FIRs in the coalgate case, based on findings of the preliminary inquiry which reveal that allocations were made arbitrarily without running elementary checks on claims made by applicants.\"Several companies were given coal blocks simply on the basis of their financial status and without evaluating their competence vis-a-vis others to operate a coal mine,\" said a source familiar with the findings of the preliminary inquiry which will form the basis of the FIR. In some other cases, the allottees have been found to have fudged facts to bag coal blocks.\"Some of the beneficiaries misrepresented their stage of network preparedness, joint venture group details and other facts,\" said the source. \"Some other companies were given coal blocks even when they had not been recommended by state governments.\"The first set of FIRs will be against six private companies under sections for cheating and forgery, and under the Prevention of Corruption Act against unknown officials. Sources added that more than one company could be named in one FIR. Companies under the scanner are from Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh and Karnataka, said the source.The FIRs will add to the political temperature over coalgate, although government has distanced itself from those who may be accused by the agency of any wrongdoing. Coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal had said on Friday that the minister was responsible only for formulation of policy, and that it is the bureaucrats who carry out the implementation.CBI has questioned screening committee members, secretaries and several joint secretaries, apart from state officials, to learn about the eligibility of companies which are under the scanner and the selection criteria.The agency has examined allocation of 64 coal blocks for which 1,422 applications were received by the coal ministry between 2006 and 2009. \"We have primarily zeroed in on at least 24 companies but major anomalies have been found with 6 to 10,\" the source said.\"There may be some cases where companies may have provided wrong information. It is also possible that there was shortcoming on part of officials in scrutiny (of applications), wittingly or unwittingly. It is a matter of investigation by CBI... The facts will soon come out,\" Jaiswal had said at a press conference he addressed last Friday, along with finance minister P Chidambaram and law minister Salman Khurshid, to denounce the government auditor's report on allocation of coal blocks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15914942", "title": "Revised Indo-Pak visa pact hinges on Shinde's visit to Islamabad", "text": "NEW DELHI: The much awaited revised visa agreement between India and Pakistan, the text for which has already been finalized, may be delayed further with Pakistan indicating that it is not necessarily going to be signed during foreign minister S M Krishna's visit to Islamabad early next month. In fact, at this stage, it seems more likely that the agreement will be formally signed when Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde visits Pakistan.Shinde's counterpart Rehman Malik last week invited him to visit Pakistan in a move described by Pakistani High Commissioner to India Salman Bashir as reflecting Islamabad's seriousness in tackling terror. Malik invited Shinde to Pakistan when he called him to discuss the issue of lower Assam violence-related fake messages which, as New Delhi alleged, originated in Pakistan.\"We would like it to happen as soon as possible but it is not possible to say with certainty whether it will happen during the foreign minister's visit next week,\" said Bashir.\"An invitation has been extended to the Indian home minister to visit Pakistan very recently. We attach great importance to the agreement and as we have said earlier too this has to happen at the political level,\" he added. Government sources here said though that Shinde did not make any commitment about visiting Pakistan soon.\"How soon this visit by the home minister takes place will also depend on the outcome of the foreign ministry level dialogue next week,\" said an official. India was earlier hoping that the agreement would be signed during its home secretary's visit to Islamabad in May but Pakistan backed out then asking for more time and stating that it needed to be signed at the political level. The liberalized provisions for visa in the agreement are expected to provide an impetus to trade and investment flow between the two countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15921773", "title": "HC to govt: Set up expert panel", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Tuesday asked the government to set up a committee of senior officials from various agencies to solve the problem of waterlogging, saying it expected results so that \"people don't rush to court every time there is waterlogging\" .It also summoned the CEO of Delhi Jal Board, irked over non-representation by the Board. A division bench of Justice Sanjay Kishan Kaul and Justice Vipin Sanghi directed the government to include senior officers from the three municipal corporations , New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC), Public Works Department (PWD), Delhi Jal Board (DJB) and irrigation department in the panel. It suggested that the government can also rope in experts from IIT, whose task will be to evolve a mechanism to desilt drains and prevent waterlogging. \"Hold discussions. All the heads of corporations and stakeholders should form a committee including experts,\" the bench instructed, clearly unhappy with efforts made by authorities.Giving the government a week to report back on structure of the committee, HC said it expected the panel to hold frequent meetings for short-term measures to address the problem . HC was hearing a batch of pleas charging the civic agencies with non-compliance of the court's July 11 order, which directed them to take steps to end the menace in 15 days. NGO Nyaya Bhoomi and an advocate Gaurav Bansal urged the court to initiate contempt of court proceedings against the officials of the civic bodies.One of the petitions had complained that MCD and PWD have done nothing significant after 1998 to properly desilt drains and this has been causing waterlogging on major roads even after the slightest of rain. Giving a list of 41 waterlogging-prone areas, the petition referred to a response received under an RTI query and said the affected areas included Ashram Chowk, South Extension Part-I , Mathura Road, ISBT Kashmere Gate, RTR Marg near Moti Bagh flyover, Siri Fort Road and Dhaula Kuan underpass.NDMC had earlier claimed no complaint of waterlogging was reported in its area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15926987", "title": "Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu first look on Sep 2", "text": "The first look poster of power star Pawan Kalyan's Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu would be released on September 2 to coincide with the Pawan's birthday. Director Puri Jagannadh and producer Danayya would officially launch the first look stills and images of Pawan Kalyan in the film.Earlier the makers planned to release the first look photos on August 22 for megastar Chiranjeevi's birthday but they did not enough time to take a break from the shoot. However, looks liker the fresh date would be certain and it was also reported that Puri is planning tor release a video teaser, although not confirmed.Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu is currently progressing briskly in Hyderabad. The film has Tamannaah playing the female lead and Mani Sharma has scored the music for the film, which is slated for release on October 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15914290", "title": "Dengue cases on the rise", "text": "BANGALORE: It's a deadly mix: garbage and rain. Over the past week, a benevolent monsoon set off a stink across the city, a sign that the heaps of waste in the city were rotting.As expected, the number of suspected dengue cases in the city have shot up. Malaria is not very prominent in Bangalore, as compared to dengue, say city doctors. This is mainly related to collection of fresh or polluted water and rampant construction in the city.Hospitals in the city are getting at least 3-5 suspected cases (children and adults) of dengue every week since July this year, whereas only one or two cases of malaria are reported in a month, said doctors.\"Malaria mosquitoes do not breed as extensively in Bangalore compared to dengue mosquitoes. Whenever we get malaria cases, they are only from outside the city. Dengue cases are on the rise due to increased rain and unhygienic conditions in the city,\" said Dr George D'Souza, chief medical officer, St John's Hospital.Dr H Sudarshan Ballal, medical director, Manipal Hospitals, too said that cases of dengue-like illness were on the rise over the past two months. \"We are seeing a 200-300% rise in dengue-like illness since June. But malaria is not active. We get a few stray cases of malaria because it's the season.\"On the other hand, the government has just reported three confirmed deaths due to dengue in Bangalore so far. The number of positive cases of dengue has nearly reached the 900 mark.Said Dr Hemanth HR, consultant, critical care medicine, BGS Global Hospitals: \"We get 5-6 cases of suspected dengue every week, including children and adults. This is because of collection of water due to rain and construction, which allows dengue mosquitoes to breed freely. Malaria is not very visible in Bangalore, because we take enough protection to avoid mosquito bites at night. We need to maintain cleanliness in our surroundings to avoid contracting dengue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15919698", "title": "Five-day Kelucharan Awards from September 15", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The 18th annual Guru Kelucharan Awards for 2012 will be presented to Birabara Sahoo and Ramchandra Pratihari for their noteworthy contribution in the field of dance and theatre respectively. The award carries Rs 50,000 in cash, a citation, a memento and a shawl. The awards function will be held between September 15 and 19. \"The awards are for those artistes who have distinguished themselves in their respective fields despite financial constraints and have not been duly recognized,\" said Raikanta Mohapatra, director of Srijan, Guru Kelucharan's dance institute which is organizing the awards. What began as a single day affair in 1995, has blossomed into a five-day awards celebration featuring scintillating performances.This year nine artistes will perform along with a dance recital by Srjan's own repertoire group. \"We try to ensure there's a blend of renowned and budding artistes. The idea is to get an overall view of Odisha's cultural canvas. So while there are classical performances, we also get to see how the new generation artistes are performing. We take a lot of care in planning each evening's show so that we have the right mix of talent,\" he added. The inaugural evening will feature eminent dancer-choreographer Madhavi Mudgal and ghazal exponent Hariharan, while the second evening will have Kuchipudi danseuse Manju Barggavee and a jugalbandi by percussionist Kaaraikkudi R Mani and tabla player Anindo Chatterjee.The focal point of the festival will be a Bharatanatyam performance by Vaijayantimala Bali on the third evening followed by a drama called \"Bahana\". There will also be a Kathak dance performance by Chitresh Das and a flute recital by Paras Nath and Pankaj Nath. On the concluding evening artistes of Srjan will put up a neo-classical dance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15922013", "title": "Friend held for killing shopkeeper", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the arrest of a man, police claim to have solved the murder of a 35-year-old trader. The incident was reported from Rajiv Nagar on Monday. The victim, Rajkumar, was allegedly murdered by his best friend Amit (33). Both Rajkumar and Amit had set up small stores to sell clothes, said sources. Rajkumar wanted to expand his business and had bought a WagonR for the purpose. After getting all the permissions, he started driving the car as a taxi and hoped to establish himself as a tour operator.\"On Sunday night, both the men visited a friend's house in the N-block of Rajiv Nagar. They had drinks with one Jitender. Suddenly, Amit and Rajkumar started quarrelling. In a fit of rage, Amit picked up a kitchen knife and stabbed Rajkumar. He then fled the spot,'' said an investigating officer.Police said they traced the accused at a bus stop in Rohini. \"We were informed about the murder around 4am on Monday and nabbed the accused within hours. A postmortem of the deceased has been conducted and the body handed over to the family,'' said a senior police officer. A case of murder has been registered at the Shahbad Dairy police station. Cops are trying to trace the murder weapon and the blood-stained clothes of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15920369", "title": "Court rejects bail plea of 17 home-stay attackers", "text": "MANGALORE: A court here on Tuesday rejected the bail petitions of 17 persons arrested in the July 28 Padil Morning Mist Home Stay attack case.The first additional district and session's court will pronounce on August 31 the order on the bail petitions of three other accused. Main accused Subash Padil and co-accused Ganesh haven't moved the court for bail.The 17 whose bail petitions were rejected are: Sharath, Tharanath Kannur, Rajesh, Chethan, Sunil, Harish, Shailesh, Puneeth, Varun Poojary, Kiran Poojary, Suresh Poojary, Mithun Poojary, Sampath, Deepak, Ramesh Kotiyan, Jagadish and Nithin.Mangalore South assistant commissioner of police T R Jagannath, the investigating officer in the case, said the accused had unsuccessfully moved the lower JMFC court for bail earlier.The trio whose fate will be known on August 31 \u2014 Sandeep Shetty, Venugopal and Tharanath \u2014 have filed an affidavit before the court, accusing a police officer, whose daughter was among those attacked in the birthday party, of trying to influence the lower court against them.In a related development, police arrested two more persons \u2014 Dinesh of Nanthoor and Puneeth of Battragudde \u2014 taking the total to 24. The duo have been sent to 14-day judicial custody. The 15 accused, whose period of police custody ended, were produced before the court and sent back to judicial custody. Deputy commissioner of police (law and order) M Muthuraya said leads revealed by the accused helped police arrest two more in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15932903", "title": "Manoj Tiwari to sing Jai Bihar", "text": "Mega star of Bhojpuri cinema, Manoj Tiwari is all set to showcase his talent once again. He is doing an album named, 'Jai Bihar , Jai Jai Bihar'. The shooting for the video is taking place at Vaishali and Chawni area of Bihar. The album is directed by Samar Mukherjee.Manoj Tiwari said, \" This is the first time when I have come so close to the ancient heritage in this city. We had to take permission to shoot in Chawni, they not only gave us the permission but also helped us to complete the shoot\". Source: Bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15909938", "title": "Delhi University Teachers' Association to go ahead with 24-hour hunger strike", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi University Teachers' Association (DUTA) is going ahead with the 24-hour hunger strike by its DUTA executive committee as planned, despite the university threatening that their pay will be cut and that it would affect their service record. They will start the strike at 9am on Tuesday. A statement by DUTA says the Registrar, from whose office the response to the strike was issued, \"does not have the right, statutory or even conventional, to issue such letters\".The association wrote to the vice-chancellor, saying that the strike has been \"forced by (his) intransigent will to evade any dialogue with DUTA towards an amicable resolution of\" their \"long-standing concerns, despite repeated and cordial appeals made to (his) office\". They say the VC is \"inaccessible\" and \"prefers to run the university by abusing his emergency powers\".The statement adds that while the VC paints a \"rosy picture of 'innovation' and success for Delhi University\", he has refused to fill almost 4,000 teaching posts lying vacant. DUTA also raised the issue of temporary and ad-hoc teachers not being given permanent positions and timely promotions.\"The Delhi University Teachers' Association (DUTA) is gravely concerned that while... the VC paints a rosy picture of 'innovation' and success for Delhi University, he refuses to allow appointments in close to four thousand vacant teaching positions on the other!,\" says a statement released by DUTA. Apart from that of vacant positions, DUTA has raised issues of temporary and ad hoc teachers not being given permanent positions and delayed promotions.About the university authority's response to the strike, DUTA says, \"We had hoped that instead of arbitrarily invoking a 'no work, no pay' on the basis of an inapplicable interim order of the Delhi high court; the VC would appeal for reciprocity and propose a roadmap for the resolution of our grievances. Instead, he has warned teachers from going on strike and yet again attacked the collective self-worth and dignity of the teaching community.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15911271", "title": "'Tainted judge sought Rs 500cr for Gali bail'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Suspended judge Lakshminarasimha Rao wanted to demand Rs 500 crore in exchange for bail for mining scam accused Gali Janardhan Reddy. However, that plan fell apart after judge Nagamaruthi Sharma refused to toe his line.In his statement recorded under Section 164 of CrPC by Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths on July 16, chartered accountant-cum-realtor P Krishna Prasad, 52, who is close to Gali Janardhan's relative Dasaratharami Reddy, revealed that initially Lakshminarasihma's associates had thought of demanding Rs 500 crore from Gali &amp; Co.Krishna Prasad said that he had in April, 2012, met Dasaratharami Reddy in Hyderabad to discuss some real estate deals. Krishna Prasad was accompanied by his advocate friend Venkateswara Rao who is also a close relative of judge Lakshminarasimha Rao.Krishna Prasad told ACB that, once, while himself and Venkateswara Rao were travelling with Dasaratharami Reddy in his car, they heard his assistant Suresh talking over the phone to someone about their attempts to secure bail for Gali Janardhan.After finishing the conversation, Suresh enquired with Venkateswara Rao whether he knew any judge to which the advocate replied in positive. The following day, Dasaratharami Reddy asked Krishna Prasad to try to secure bail for Gali.Prasad then communicated the request to Venkateswara Rao who told him that a deal was possible through his relative Lakshminarasimha and that they could easily demand Rs 500 crore from Gali for their services. \"He said that since Gali Janardhan had made thousands of crores through illegal mining, giving Rs 500 crore to secure bail should not be a problem for the ex-Karnataka minister,\" Prasad told ACB investigators.Thinking that Rs 500 crore was an impractical figure, Krishna Prasad went to Dasaratharami Reddy the day after to tell him that a deal was possible if it was to be for Rs 100 crore. Dasaratharami Reddy then told Krishna Prasad that he would discuss the offer with Somasekhar Reddy and requested Prasad to continue with his efforts.However, the deal could not be struck as the then CBI judge Nagamaruthi Sharma rejected Lakshminarasimha's offer. Later, on May 10, Dasaratharami Reddy met Krishna Prasad near Kalaniketan showroom in Nampally and informed him that they had made a deal for Rs 10 crore with another group.In a separate but related development, the high court on Tuesday dismissed the bail plea of D Prabhakar Rao, one of the arrested district judges in the cash-for-bail scam case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15912064", "title": "Onam spells feasting, rangoli and dancing", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Nairs have decked up their house for Onam. But what they will miss out until a week will be \"thumbapoo\"-special flowers found in Kerala in abundance at this time of the season. The flowers will be brought from the home state by the community and so would cooks for the grand feast on September 2. Though Onam falls on Wednesday, most Keralites settled in the city will observe it on 2nd, it being a Sunday.Onam, the festival of harvest, is the biggest and most important festival of Kerala. According to popular legend, the festival celebrates the homecoming of King Mahabali.\"To deal with the absence of the main flower, \"thumbapoo,\" for making \"pookalam\" (flower rangoli), we use rangoli colours,\" said Gopal Nair, a resident of Sector 37. What is most missed is the flavour of \"onasadya\" (grand feast of over 20 dishes) on banana leaves. \"For the offerings to God, we make use of banana leaf plates. But for guests, we have to make do with artificial banana leaves for serving special Onam dishes as it is difficult to get these leaves in plenty here,\" said D Raju, president, Kerala Samajam, Sector 44. Along with Keralites, there are some Punjabi families who have been celebrating this festival. Indira Sharma who works in the PU said, \"I have been celebrating the festival with the Nairs and have learnt making some of their delicacies too. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15916781", "title": "Budding doctors, dentists must now answer national eligibility cum entrance test, not GCET", "text": "PANAJI: A new national eligibility cum entrance test (NEET) will replace the existing CET test for students of class XII seeking admissions to the medicine course in Goa medical college or the dentistry course in the Goa dental college, health minister Laxmikant Parsekar announced on Tuesday.Briefing reporters, Parsekar said the NEET results will decide admissions to medicine and dentistry all over India except AIIMS in New Delhi and JITMER in Pondicherry. The NEET for the next academic year in MBBS and BDS in Goa will be held on May 12, 2013. The test will be conducted from 10am to 1pm and the above date will not change under any circumstances, he said.Parsekar said students need not worry about the state quota as it remains unchanged to 85%. The domicile requirement has not changed, he said.The NEET will comprise 180 objective questions designed by the Medical Council of India considering the question papers of state entrance tests. Sample question papers will be uploaded on the official website. In assessing the answer papers, four marks will be given for the correct answer, one negative mark will be given for the wrong answer and no marks will be deducted for unanswered questions. But one negative mark will be given for providing more than one answer.To answer it, candidates in the general category answering the qualifying board examination must get 50% marks in physics, chemistry and biology. Physically handicapped students must get 45% to qualify, and OBC, SC and ST students must obtain 40% marks.The results will be declared in the second week of June 2013. Applications may be submitted with normal fees from December 1 to December 31, 2012; with first late fees from January 1 to January 15, 2013; and with second late fees from January 16 to January 31, 2013. Fees for general and OBC category students are 1,000. The fees for SC, ST and physically handicapped students are 550. The fees are non-refundable. The applications can be downloaded at www.cbseneet.nic.in, Parsekar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15920040", "title": "147 jumbos killed in state since 2005", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: As many as 147 elephants have been killed for different reasons in the state since 2005, forest and environment minister Bijoyshree Routray told the assembly on Tuesday.Of the total number of deaths, 57 elephants were killed by hunters using guns and 16 more were poisoned to death by poachers. Electrocution was another factor responsible for the huge casualty of elephants with 68 elephants being electrocuted in different forests during this period, Routray told the Assembly while replying to a written question.This apart, six other elephants were killed in train accidents, he said. However, the minister said the government was taking steps to reduce elephant deaths.The minister in reply to a separate question said 78 elephants were killed in Keonjhar district alone in 12 years from 2001 to 2012.Of the total elephant deaths, eight were killed by poachers, 29 elephants died due to electrocution and 16 of diseases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15916168", "title": "Aldona sarpanch voted out of office", "text": "PANAJI: Aldona sarpanch Ursula D'Souza was voted out of office on Tuesday, less than three months after she was elected to the post.The no-confidence motion was proposed by Chandru Panjikar and seconded by Jerry Noronha and put for discussion at the special meeting convened by the BDO. The motion was put to vote and carried with majority support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15910525", "title": "Scrap coal blocks, CAG likely to say", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Comptroller and Auditor General is likely to make a strong pitch for scrapping all the controversial allocations of coal mines during its presentation to Parliament's Public Accounts Committee.Sources said the auditor looks set to cite total lack of transparency in the recommendations made by the screening committee for allocation of coal blocks worth thousands of crores. In its presentation to the PAC likely next week, the auditor is planning to show how the committee failed to make any comparative evaluation of the applicants, thus establishing that the allocations were influenced by extraneous considerations. \"There is nothing in the records we have painstakingly examined to suggest otherwise,\" said a source familiar with the details of the presentation readied for what is going to be a crucial session of the parliamentary panel.The eligibility of applicants was not examined either, sources said. A test check on companies which got mines showed there was little to distinguish these from those who failed to pass muster with the screening committee.Sources said there was a strong ground for the government to cancel the allocations. Apart from other things, there are instances of allocations of mines being withdrawn on ground of non-performance: a consideration which is relevant in the current case as by the government's own admission, only one of the 57 mines in question has been operationalized.The guidelines of the coal ministry provides that captive blocks should commence production within 36 months in case of open cast mines and 48 months for underground mines from the date of allocation.BJP, Left and BJD have demanded revocation of the controversial allocations.The PAC is likely to schedule discussions on the CAG report on Coalgate as early as next week.The CAG's bold plan to defend its report comes in the wake of strident attacks from Congress. On Monday, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had rejected the CAG's findings, suggesting that it had erred in estimating gains for private players. Singh also said the auditor's views were at odds with the requirements of parliamentary democracy and a federal polity.Sources in the auditor said the defence put forward by the government why the mines have not been operationalized has strengthened CAG's argument that many companies picked by the screening committee had just \"hoarded\" the natural resource to boost their valuation at a future date. \"The parallel with the 2G spectrum scam is striking,\" said another source in CAG.\"Their only objective was to wait and wait and reap windfall gain at a later stage as coal prices, both domestic and imported, were rising,\" he further said.The PAC meeting, set to be a tumultuous affair, will add to worries of a government which has spent the last 10 days trying to prevent the BJP from feasting on the auditor's findings.Sources said the government will have to marshal all its persuasive skills to defend individual allocations. For instance, in the case of Fatehpur coal block, of the 69 applicants, only 36 were selected to make presentation before the screening committee. There is no record to explain why others were denied the opportunity. Coal ministry papers also give no reason why the block was awarded to SKS Ispat &amp; Power Ltd and Prakash Industries Ltd.In case of Rampia coal block, 108 applications were received. Out of them, only two were asked to make presentation before the screening committee. The committee, however, recommended six companies - Sterlite Energy Ltd, GMR Energy Ltd, Lanco Group Ltd, Navbharat Power Ltd, Mittal Steel India Ltd and Reliance Energy Ltd -- for allocation of Rampia and its dipside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15913957", "title": "Clause in new tenders solves waste woes", "text": "Aparajita Ray | tnnBANGALORE: This is perhaps the best thing that can happen to Bangalore. Outgoing commissioner MK Shankarlinge Gowda has left BBMP with a waste management solution. The new garbage tenders will have a clause that makes it mandatory to pick up waste only if it is segregated. However, the new tenders are yet to be floated.This means you will have to segregate dry and wet waste in your house, before handing it out to the pourakarmikas. \"We from civil society had a lot of discussions with Gowda to include this as a first step to managing the city's waste. It is very necessary to enforce segregation at source and reduce the load on BBMP to dump the city's debris, and proceed to proper solid waste management,\" Dr Meenakshi Bharath, member of Solid Waste Management Round Table and civic analyst told TOI, on the inclusion of the clause in the tenders.However, the clause will be debated and discussed in the BBMP council and corporators will have to send their resolution to the assembly. \"KMC Act sections 255, 256 and 258 will have to be amended if the resolution is passed in the BBMP council,\" said NS Mukunda, president, Citizen Action Forum.It is also known that once this amendment comes into effect on the day the gazetted order is sent to BBMP, the contractors who handle waste management will only pick up wet waste from the citizens. It will be initially sent to landfills, until BBMP is able to set up local composting centres. The dry waste will be collected over a week by households and disposed of on a particular day as notified by the contractor or BBMP in each of the wards.\"BBMP has been giving one excuse -- that there is no space to construct compositing units and dry waste collection centres, which is absurd. Excepting a few areas, like Chickpet or Basavangudi where it is already very congested, dry waste collection centres and composting centres can be constructed in almost 150 wards, which should solve the problem,\" Mukunda said.The state finance commission had already granted BBMP Rs200 crore in the last budget for the construction of waste collection centres, and infrastructure should be ready in two or three years, he added.WHAT THE LAW SAYSThe quality of discharge material and mode of disposal decides the rule for garbage dumping. First and foremost, solid waste needs to be processed and only then a maximum of 15-20% of it can be dumped at scientifically identified landfills. As concerns water bodies, under the Water Act, 1974, no effluent material can be dumped in water bodies. \"It is not possible to treat waste to the extent it can be dumped in water bodies. The quality of water in the water body has to be maintained at all times, according to the standard prescribed by the Central Pollution Control Board,\" said an environment law officer at the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15922242", "title": "Sonia to visit Jaipur, meet flood victims", "text": "JAIPUR: UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi will come to Jaipur to take stock of the rain ravaged city and its affected residents on August 30 after her visit to Barmer, where she is set to unveil a drinking water project.Well placed sources in Congress confirmed Sonia's visit at the request of Jaipur (rural), MP, Lal Chand Kataria. It was learnt that Kataria met Gandhi in Lok Sabha on Tuesday and apprised her about the havoc caused by rain in Jaipur, where 14 people have died in rain related accidents and several parts of the city were marooned for more than a week.\"I apprised Soniaji about loss of human lives in the current spell of rain in Jaipur. She assured me she'll come to Jaipur during her Barmer visit,\" Kataria told TOI over phone on Tuesday.\"I apprised Soniaji about loss of human lives in the current spell of rain in Jaipur. She assured me she'll come to Jaipur during her Barmer visit ,\" Jaipur (rural), MP, Lal Chand Kataria told TOI over phone on Tuesday. The Jaipur (rural) MP met Gandhi at 11.30am at Parliament on Tuesday .Party insiders said that the UPA chairperson will call on the families, who lost their kin during the flash flood in the city and she is expected to visit Bhatta Basti and Madrampura. Gandhi is also likely to spend some time at the Raj Bhavan, where she will take feedback from the district and relief officers about actions taken regarding restoring normalcy in affected areas.It was learnt that Gandhi will spend time with governor Margaret Alva, who herself visited the rain-affected areas in Jaipur and Kota and took a strong view of waterlogging and poor relief work. She had taken to task the officials' indifference largely towards people living in slum areas as a few officials had claimed that the slum dwellers were not authorized residents, hence, didn't deserve relief. Alva had sought reports on the rainaffected areas directly from the district collectors that sparked a major controversy as her 'proactive role' had set tongues wagging in the opposition as well as within the Congress.Sonia's Jaipur visit doesn't augur well for chief minister Ashok Gehlot, who himself shunned visiting the waterlogged areas and had also said that the crisis caused by the deluge was a media hype and that there was no \"flood\" in Jaipur or in any other part of the state. However, Gehlot government has sanctioned Rs 100 crore for cleaning of drains in Jaipur that were held responsible for waterlogging in the city. The leader of opposition Vasundhara Raje too is conspicuous by her absence as she is yet to arrive in Jaipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15909532", "title": "Housing work starts on war footing", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Noida Extension following instructions from the Greater Noida Authority, developers have hinted at putting some burden even on the existing buyers due to hike in input costs.Developers on Monday met the Greater Noida Authority CEO and were issued letters in the evening to resume construction. \"We are back to work. Labourers have been called in after getting clearance from the Authority. We expect to deliver our first housing project in the next six months,\" said CREDAI (NCR) vice-president and Amrapali group CMD, Anil Sharma.Even bookings have begun on a full-fledged scale. \"Around 50-60 units are being booked each passing day even though we have revised our rates to Rs 3,200 per sq feet,\" said RK Arora, CMD Supertech, which is constructing 25,000 residential units in the region.When asked about putting financial burden on old buyers, Arora said, \"Material costs have gone up by 20% while manpower cost has also been increased by 15%. At the same time, the Authority has passed the compensation burden on developers, which is around Rs 200 per sq feet. Under such circumstances, we have demanded that the Authority allow increase in floor area ratio from 2.75 to 3.5%. If the Authority allows additional FAR for free, then only would we be able to put no burden on existing homebuyers,\" said Arora.CREDAI (western UP) president and Gaursons MD, Manoj Gaur, said some developers are already reeling under losses and without passing the burden on existing buyers, their project would not get completed. \"Each developer has a different sale agreement with the buyers. Only those developers can demand additional financial support from existing buyers who have mentioned a clause citing additional financial burden to be shared by the allottees. If developers have not mentioned this clause, buyers are not bound to pay additional charges,\" said Gaur.\"The Authority has already offered developers waiving off interest and payment of instalments during the zero period. I think giving free FAR to developers would not be possible by the Authority as the state government has issued an order that it can only be purchased,\" Gaur added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15931532", "title": "Centre okays cash subsidy scheme on kerosene quota: Maharashtra govt", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra government has received Centre's approval for giving cash subsidy in lieu of kerosene quota through public distribution network, food and civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh has said.The Direct Transfer of Cash Subsidy (DTCS) scheme proposes to transfer the subsidy component of kerosene price to the beneficiary's account enabling him to buy it in open market.\"The Central government gives a subsidy of Rs 32 per litre for kerosene. Under the scheme, the cash subsidy the beneficiary will get is directly linked to the quota he is entitled to as per norms. The amount will be directly deposited in his bank account,\" Deshmukh said.The minister said the scheme will be initially implemented in six districts of Mumbai and Mumbai suburbs, Amravati, Nandurbar, Pune, Nashik and Pune.Deshmukh said his department had made a presentation in this regard before the Central government and started the scheme on pilot basis in Nashik district.\"We have ordered collectors from respective districts to ask beneficiaries to open bank accounts,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15915886", "title": "Congress fears loss of minority support", "text": "KOLKATA: The Congress is apprehensive of losing its minority support base to Trinamool Congress in Murshidabad, Malda and North Dinajpur.Congress MP from Murshidabad Adhir Chowdhury indicated this while addressing the foundation day celebration of the state Chhatra Parishad at Mahajati Sadan in Kolkata on Tuesday.\"There is an attempt to divide our society in the name of religion to get votes,\" he said, critical of the reported plan of the government to set up hospitals exclusively for the minority community. \"How is it that if two students from two different communities fall sick, only one gets the opportunity of hospitalization and the other does not? Students will never accept it.\" This was being done in view of the panchayat election, Adhir said.He alleged that the Mamata Banerjee government was trying to wean away the minorities from the Congress fold in the minority-dominated districts of Murshidabad, Malda and North Dinajpur which are Congress strongholds.Congress leaders from these districts - particularly Adhir and North Dinajpur MP Deepa Das Munshi - strongly criticised the government while leaders from south Bengal, like Manas Bhunia and Abdul Mannan, took a softer line.Das Munshi was particularly critical of crimes against women. Many leaders complained that Chhatra Parishad supporters were being beaten up by members of Trinamool Chhatra Parishad on campuses.\"The same thing happened during the CPM rule, when Chhatra Parishad supporters were beaten up by SFI supporters. With the change of guard, we had thought that the situation has changed, but it has not.\" Bhunia and other leaders accused Trinamool of trying to impose a one-party rule. \"Mamata Banerjee had promised to bring back democracy but this has not happened,\" Bhunia said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15918274", "title": "\u2018Blasphemy\u2019 girl ruled a minor, bail hopes rise", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A Pakistani medical board that examined the Christian girl jailed last week under the country's controversial blasphemy law has concluded that she is a minor, her lawyer said on Tuesday.Tahir Naveed Chaudhry, the lawyer, said the board that investigated Rimsha Mashi's age and mental state determined that she is aged between 13 and 14. The lawyer said he would apply for her bail on Thursday. \"I am hopeful she will be released. I also appealed to have the case heard under the juvenile law.''Rimsha, who reportedly suffers from Down's syndrome , was arrested after a mob accused her of desecrating the Quran near Islamabad . She is being held in a jail amid growing international pressure for her release.Rimsha's parents had been taken into protective custody following death threats from fanatics and many other Christian families have fled the neighbourhood fearing the wrath of extremists.Paul Bhatti, Pakistan's minister for national harmony , said more than 600 people have fled from the Christian neighbourhood. There are fears that even if she is released, Rimsha's family will not be safe in Pakistan.Earlier, leading Muslim clerics from various religious groups had slammed the arrest , saying her case should be a test case for Pakistan and no injustice should be done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15921169", "title": "New sky show at Jawahar Planetarium from today", "text": "ALLAHABAD: For more than past three decades Jawahar Planetarium has been striving to inculcate scientific temper among masses through its sky shows on astronomy and science.The planetarium has been given a facelift, said Jawahar Planetarium director Pramod Kumar Pande.Now it has one of the most modern digital planetarium projection systems, Digistar-4, manufactured by US-based company Evans and Sutherland.With the modernization, the planetarium's shows have become more interesting, impressive and immersive.Since its renovation planetarium has been screening the digital shows provided by the manufacturer of the equipment.In May, an expert from the US-based company visited the planetarium to impart training to the staff on the new digital system. Jawahar Planetarium has produced its first digital sky-show 'The Enticing Sky'. The show presents glimpses of fascinating night sky, nuances of stellar motions and some exciting information about the objects present in the sky.This 20 minutes show is followed by a 22-minute presentation 'Cosmic Safari'.The show will be formally inaugurated for the public on Wednesday at 2:30pm in the planetarium sky theatre. UP Rajarshi Tandon Open University vice-chancellor Prof AK Bakhshi will be the chief guest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15920614", "title": "Banaras Hindu University : Centralised sports complex on the anvil", "text": "VARANASI: Banaras Hindu University (BHU) is planning to create a centralised sports complex for students of all faculties and departments.As per the information given by general secretary, University Sports Board, Dr RN Singh, university has proposed the idea of a sports complex with several play grounds for different sports like football , volleyball, cricket, basket ball. According to Singh, apart from the main sports complex, there were seven playgrounds in different faculties of the university, however after the formation of Indian Insititute of Technology, BHU, as many as three playgrounds have been separated from it. \"The only remaining four faculty playgrounds are in Institute of Agricultural Sciences, Insitute of Medical Sciences (IMS), faculty of Arts and faculty of Science. Due to, which the pressure on these playgrounds is increasing. To overcome this, vice-chancellor, Dr Lalji Singh has proposed the idea for a centralised sports complex, which is still in pipeline and university board is planning its structure\", informed Singh.According to him, the centralised sports complex will not only reduce the pressure on other playgrounds, but it will help in the formation of university teams as all the players of a particular game will practice in the same ground instead practising in their particular faculty grounds.Notably, it will also increase the efficiency of the team and coaches would be able to notice the players at one place, he shared.It is worth mentioning here that the already existing sports complex near University Sports Board of the university consists of a foot ball ground, cricket ground, basket ball court, two volleyball courts, three tennis courts, five squash courts, a swimming pool. \"University is also well equipped with all indoor games and sports like archery, shot put, discuss throw, javelin, gymnasium, yoga and others. However, apart from swimming, university lacks its share in water sports activities\", he shared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15912183", "title": "For now, 'Insignia' to steal limelight", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A week to go for student elections on Panjab University campus and instead of the student leaders, budding engineers of University Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET) are stealing the limelight at the biggest department on campus.Final year students of UIET are all set to host \"Insignia\" on Wednesday, a mega event that's a fusion of dance, music, theatre and artistic events.The purpose, say UIET students, is to let the first year students know more about their department and that there is much more besides academics.\"We have made sure that all clubs introduce themselves to the new comers so that they know what all options they have. It is more like a welcome gesture from students and it is an entire students' initiative,\" says Divyanshu Malhotra, one of the organizers of Insignia.Starting with a play \"Choli ke peeche kya hai\" presented by Osmium group, showing all that happens in UIET, the fun, adventure and much more, the show will then witness a scintillating dance performance by the UIET dance group, Popkornz.\"The dances would be a mix of hip hop, folk and have a traditional touch also,\" says Shwetang Chand, UIET final year student. A newly-incepted band, Zaamir, will also give a performance and students plan to conclude the event with \"Vande mantaram\" with Indian flags being hoisted by the entire performing team.\"Close to 50 final year students are actively participating in the event. There will be another event 'Face of the year' as part of their event. Students will first register online and then take part in a final round,\" says Rewin Koul, UIET final year student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15914767", "title": "Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University offers slew of new courses", "text": "NAGPUR: Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University (YCMOU) announced the new courses it would offer to its students from this session. Addressing a press conference on Tuesday vice-chancellor R Krishnakumar said, \"About 50,000 students are expected to get affiliated to the YCMOU for different courses.\"Students will have the choice of pursuing BA in Textiles which is a three-year degree course along with certificate and diploma course in salon techniques of three months and one year respectively. BA in transport which includes driving lessons in detail will also be a choice for students. After the entrance exam for MBA which was held on August 5, another one will be held on September 9 on students' demand.\"About 11 regional centres of YCMOU in the state are empowering students through education,\" said Krishnakumar. \"Next to IGNOU, the YCMOU has been ranked second in the country by Outlook magazine, in providing distant learning facility,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15912184", "title": "Discontinue polls, say principals", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An appeal by college principals' over discontinuing student polls on the lines of Panjab colleges appears to have got a cold shoulder from students.UT administration functionaries are still examining the case in which 10 college principals appealed to \"discontinue the practice of elections\" a few days ago. A decision on the matter is pending, state officials.Expressing resentment over principals' stand, student leaders from both colleges and PU campus say that any decision not taking into consideration students view point would be unfair.\"Writing to the UT administration to ban elections in colleges is extremely unfair on the part of colleges who did not care to ask students. It's a reflection on the part of weak administration in colleges who cannot handle students at all,\" says Jeewanjot Singh, chairman, Panjab University Students Union (PUSU).\"In case the UT administration takes a decision on its own without consulting the students, it will result in wide spread discontentment. Students have a right to express themselves,\" says Gurwinder Singh, a student of Post-graduate Government College, Sector 11.College principals have given suggestions to the UT officials citing that only those students with 80% and above in previous exam must be permitted to contest polls. They also cited that the brightest student in the previous year in college must be made the head of the student council in colleges.Ajoy Sharma, director higher education, says, \"The matter is still under examination and my office has been directed to give a reply to the principal's appeal. A decision is yet to be taken on the issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15920115", "title": "Thief drives off JNU professor's car in broad daylight at Palam Vihar market", "text": "GURGAON: A 65-year-old retired professor and former head of department of Chinese language in JNU was robbed of her Maruti Ritz car on Monday afternoon in Gurgaon. Shockingly, the incident took place in broad daylight at Palam Vyapar Kendra market.The carjacker offered professor Swee Keuw Yap Rahmaan help with parking when she reached the market, but as soon as she handed over the keys to him, he fled away with the car.When she called police control room for help, the attendant couldn't understand her accent.\"After this she called me and I informed Palam Vihar police station about the incident. Cops helped us lodge an FIR against unknown accused, who is still at large\", said Paul Raj, a friend of victim. Despite repeated attempts, Rahmaan couldn't be reached for a comment. The victim lives in New Palam Vihar with her husband who is former head of the department of Arabic in JNU.The victim has also lost her laptop and some documents. \"We have lodged an FIR on the basis of statement given by Swee Keuw Yap Rahmaan against an unknown carjacker under section 356/379 of IPC. We hopeful of arresting the accused soon,\" said Surendra Pal Singh, DCP (West).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15917823", "title": "Drunken driving cases in MP highest after UP", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh government will surely not want to raise a toast to this. Figures suggest that the state is second only to Uttar Pradesh as far a fatal accidents due to driving under the influence (DUI) of alcohol is concerned. This despite the fact that the density of vehicles in MP is much less as compared to some states like Delhi, Maharashtra, Gujarat , Karnataka and Tamil Nadu.A report by the Union ministry of road transport and highways has suggested that a total of 4,028 accidents were caused by drunken driving in Madhya Pradesh in the year 2011. Uttar Pradesh recorded 4,706 accidents due to DUI, the most in the country while 3,096 accidents were caused by drunken drivers in Tamil Nadu in 2011.Despite this startling fact, motorists are hardly challaned for DUI in the state. The reason, officials attribute to the non-availability of breath analyzers to confirm whether a driver is under influence of alcohol.In comparison to Uttar Pradesh where there had been 4,653 fatalities, MP has registered only 810 deaths and Tamil Nadu 575 deaths. Andhra Pradesh with 778 deaths and Bihar with 754 deaths follow in the third and fourth place. The inconsistency in numbers is a cause of concern, experts suggest. They pointed out that in some states, like Madhya Pradesh, deaths due to drunken driving often go unreported.\"Practically it is not possible to smell every driver to check whether he has consumed alcohol. Secondly, people question the police when they fine them on the basis of assumption or common sense\", said a police official.The additional superintendent of police, Monika Shukla talking to TOI accepted that drunken drivers are hardly fined in state capital. But she claimed that things would change once the police gets the breathe analyzers.\"We are in the process of getting breathe analyzers. It would be made available to traffic squad within a month or two. A dedicated drive would be initiated soon after that to stop people from driving drunk\", she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15920380", "title": "Chargesheet against armyman", "text": "GURGAON: Police filed a chargesheet in the case of the murder of a pregnant woman with an armyman as the main accused. The accused (suspended) lieutenant colonel is already in jail. Police mentioned in chargesheet that the accused DNA test report was awaited.A police officer said that the blood sample of the accused colonel, Amardeep Singh Manku, has been sent to the forensic laboratory for matching its DNA with that of the foetus borne by the murdered woman, Rekha.According to police, the chargesheet of around 65 pages is stapled with the mobile phone call detail report of the accused, bank statements and love letters of Rekha as evidence against the main accused. The next hearing in the case is on September 4.\"We have filed the chargesheet in court against all three accused - Manku, Mukesh and Ramji - in the pregnant woman murder case and the lieutenant colonel in the main accused,\" confirmed Rajiv Yadav, ACP (Sadar).Earlier, the main accused Manku, 38, had confessed the crime before police and the media some weeks ago. He said that he had met the victim, Rekha, 26, at a Tata Motors showroom where she was working as a customer relations manager around two years ago.\"She would call me very often and we would meet. But soon she started bothering me and blackmailing me that she would go public with our pictures which we had clicked together. She also threatened me at times saying she would tell my wife about our friendship,\" claimed Manku.He could not take it and planned to murder her. On May 18, Manku picked up two-month-pregnant Rekha from her PG in Sector 17 in his SUV. While driver Ramji was seated on the backseat, Mukesh (who murdered Rekha at the behest of Manku) hid behind the co-passenger's seat. After killing Rekha the three had fled the spot, Manku had confessed.Rekha's body was found in a deserted area of Ghata village on May 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15913551", "title": "Corporator opposes gym on open plot in Vile Parle", "text": "MUMBAI: Corporator Jyoti Alavani has proposed to the civic administration that permissions granted to construct a gymnasium and a samaj mandir (community temple) to the Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada) on an open space in Vile Parle (East) be withdrawn. The playground measuring 314 sq m is in possession of the BMC and should be utilized for the benefit of local citizens, he said.Alavani said all other open spaces in the locality are encroached upon by slums.\"Residents demanded a police chowky and this playground could be utilized for that purpose. Since the last 15 years, the BMC has been denying permission to construct a gymnasium on this plot. Shankar Darshan Society wanted to maintain this playground. On the other side is a school run by the Nav Samaj Mandal for the last 50 years. According to the development plan 50% of the plot should be reserved for a maidan,\" Alavani said.Alavani alleged that under political pressure the civic administration has decided to hand over the plot to Mhada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15918411", "title": "Popularity of engineering courses on the wane", "text": "INDORE: Blame it on the mushrooming engineering colleges in state or losing craze for studying engineering, the number of vacant seats in engineering colleges across the state is on the rise. Out of approximate 90,000 engineering seats, nearly 36,000 seats are still lying vacant in various colleges of the state. Last year, the figure was about 20,000.However interestingly, as per the officials of Directorate of Technical Education (DTE), the country still has dearth of engineering colleges to meet the demands of growing economy. The problem in existing system is due to low Gross Enrollment Ratio.\"The number of students passing from class 12th is less and there has been enormous growth in engineering colleges. A few gets a chance to study in higher education institutes. However, still there is hope that vacant seats might get filled after college level counselling,\" said Dr B Laxminarayan, deputy director, DTE.Deadlines for college level counselling and lateral entry admission are September 30 and September 22 respectively.Meanwhile, even after the second round counselling is over, the situation of the city engineering colleges still remains grim.As per the DTE counselling list uploaded on its website, there are at least two engineering colleges where not even a single student has approached for taking admission. One student each has taken admission in three colleges while in 11 colleges, only 10 seats have been filled yet. Out of nearly 22,000 engineering seats in the city colleges, nearly 13,000 seats are still vacant.Sachin Bhatnagar, a career counsellor says, \"Seats of general quota get filled in majority of colleges. Now, students do not come to city to study as every major city has engineering college. Moreover, number of seats is much higher than the number of students passing out of schools. So seats remain vacant.\"City colleges where admission is abysmally lowNalin Institute of TechnologyPriytam Institute of Technology and ManagementShiv Kumar Singh Institute of Technology and ScienceStar Academy of Technology and ManagementVidhyasagar Institute of TechnologyBranch-wise vacant seats in cityElectronics and communication3,142Computer science2,794Mechanical2,204Civil1,980IT1,764Electrical and Electronics993", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15920760", "title": "Murali boycotts Onam celebration in protest", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: MLA K Muraleedharan has resigned from the organizing committee of the state-level Onam week celebrations. He was the vice-chairman of the committee. His decision came in protest against a protocol violation in the inaugural ceremony of the illumination held at the capital on Monday. Muraleedharan has decided to lodge a complaint with the speaker for not making him the chief guest on the occasion despite being the local MLA.As part of the Onam week celebration, an illumination of the government buildings and main streets of the capital street was done. To register his protest he also boycotted the inaugural ceremony of the Onam week held on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15928597", "title": "Shirish Kunder in double trouble", "text": "Even as Shirish Kunder and wife Farah Khan are busy clearing the air left murky by recent reports about lead actor Akshay Kumar deserting the promotions of Joker, the filmmaker finds himself facing a fresh set of problems.On one hand, his leading lady Sonakshi Sinha , to honour her relationship with Akshay (they worked together several times and Akki also threw her a birthday bash), has decided to follow the actor's footsteps and to the promotions of the film. And on the other, Shirish's next venture Kick has been postponed further. According to sources, his hero Salman Khan isn't too happy with the script and producer Sajid Nadiadwala has sent Shirish back to the drawing board.When we contacted Sajid, though he defended the script, he did confirm that the film would now go on floors next year. \"Firstly, I want to make it clear that Kick is indeed happening. Salman is the lead actor and Shirish the director. A few dialogues are being changed and a little shuffling here and there. Whether the leading lady will be a newcomer or a popular face depends on Salman's dates. As soon as he finalises his schedule with us, we will lock the actress next week,\" said the producer.But this is however, just one of Shirish's many problems. A more immediate issue is the promotional activities of Joker. With Sonakshi deciding to stay away from the film as much as her co-star Akshay, a huge question mark looms over the fate of his upcoming film.Farah, however, defends the film and her husband by assigning Akki and Sonakshi's absence from the film's promotions to 'marketing strategy'. \"Akshay and Sonakshi have been overexposed during the promotions of Rowdy. She wanted to focus on the aliens this time around,\" added a source close to her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15912770", "title": "National Commission for Women seeks medals for women cops", "text": "MUMBAI: A visiting National Commission for Women team, led by chairperson Mamta Sharma, on Tuesday recorded the statements of the policewomen victimized during the August 11 riot and asked the state to adopt measures to boost their morale.It asked CM Prithviraj Chavan to set up a fast-track court, and to appoint a special public prosecutor, to ensure the strictest possible punishment for the culprits.It also sought financial compensation for the injured policewomen and bravery medals for the policewomen who faced the rioters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "15920573", "title": "Pakistan lacks a coherent, consistent policy: Azhar Mahmood", "text": "COLOMBO: One of the best all-rounders in the game at one time, Azhar Mahmood's career has been a chequered one. He started out brilliantly, hitting a century on his Test debut against South Africa, but lost his way before falling foul with the Pakistan Cricket Board. Now a British citizen, and busy playing T20 leagues all over the world, Mahmood took a few questions on SLPL and his career.Excerpts:Having played in T20 leagues all over the world, what's your impression of the Sri Lanka Premier League?The quality of cricket is quite good. I have played in Bangladesh, India and other leagues and I'd say the local stars here are very talented. But if there is a downside, that's lack of crowd at the stadiums. But I guess this is the inaugural edition and it will slowly build up.What has been the secret of Wayamba's success so far?We have a very strong local squad and we are not dependent on foreign recruits. In the last game, we were without our best performing players and we still won comfortably. Chandimal came up with a good knock .Everyone is contributing towards our success. Unlike in Bangladesh, where I found the youngsters too shy to interact, here in Sri Lanka they come and ask for our suggestions. They are smart and keen to learn and improve.You started with three Test centuries against South Africa in 1997. For someone so talented, have you done justice to your career?I am aware that I have under-achieved for Pakistan. I still believe, I could have contributed more. But it wasn't in my hands, was it? Not just I, some of the best in the world like Saqlain Mushtaq, Shoaib Akhtar were also meted out shoddy treatment . Maybe as a nation we don't know how to value our talented youngsters because we have a surfeit of them . Problem is, after Imran Khan and Wasim Akram, and except perhaps Inzy (Imzamam), there hasn't been a single captain who can spot, groom and back youngsters. I have played under nine captains.So you'd say politics plays a bigger role than talent in Pakistan?Yes, definitely . Pakistan cricket management lacks a coherent ,consistent policy .If the captain himself is unsure of his place in the side, how will he instill confidence among players?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15919110", "title": "Giving school children an extra day off in the week can indeed help in reducing their stress levels", "text": "Giving school children an extra day off in the week can indeed help in reducing their stress levels. However, if that is to work, both teachers and parents must bear in mind the purpose of the long weekend. If the school uses it to give a double dose of homework to the children, it would be defeating the purpose. Equally, if parents see it as an opportunity to squeeze in some more tuitions or extra hours of study on Saturday, the measure is doomed to fail. Ultimately reducing stress on kids requires a change in mindsets. Logistical measures like an extra day off or lighter schoolbags can help only if accompanied by that change.Related story  : Kendriya Vidyalayas may soon have two weekly offs", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15919174", "title": "Khunti: The killing fields of Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: The murder of Jharkhand Vikas Morcha (JVM) general secretary Vijay Mundu on Monday has sent shockwaves across the state capital and areas in the vicinity. Mundu was gunned down by two unidentified persons in broad day light while he was visiting a school he owned in Khunti district, which is barely 35km from Ranchi.A spate of killings perpetrated by Peoples' Liberation Front of India (PLFI) and other Maoist-linked groups in Khunti over the last year has alarmed the police headquarters in the state capital. DIG (Ranchi range) Sheetal Oraon acknowledged that rebel groups were dominant in rural and urban areas of Khunti. According to figures available, a total of 88 persons have been killed in the district in the last seven months alone. In two major incidents this year, Maoists killed seven persons on January 15 and another four boys on August 16.Even tough a 1,000-odd personnel of the police, CRPF and JAP are deployed in the area, the terror of Left wing extremists is palpable in all six blocks of the district. A local businessman, who sought anonymity, said: \"Men walk around the smaller towns and villages with rifles hanging from their shoulders. No one approaches the police, who hardly bother to patrol the rural and semi-urban areas of the district. Maoists roam around the city freely after dark. Late at night, we can even hear their footsteps and whispers over the noise of the barking dogs,\" he added.And it is not just the ordinary citizens or the poor tribals who are afraid - even MLAs here have demanded more armed bodyguards. Paulus Surin, JMM MLA from the Torpa assembly constituency, has written to deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahto seeking more bodyguards. While Surin earlier had two armed bodyguards in his security detail, five more commandos have now been added to the contingent.Even though a few dreaded rebels of Khunti, including PLFI area commander Laka Pahan, have been arrested recently, no end seems to be in sight to the killing epidemic. In 2010, a total of 91 murders took place in Khunti and the figure rose to 128 in 2011. The number has already touched 88 this year and looks set to cross last year's figure. A local leader said that the majority of those killed had either refused to join the rebels or were branded as police informers.Apart from the CPI (Maoists), several splinter groups like People's Liberation Front of India (PLFI) and the Jharkhand Liberation Tigers (JLT) have made inroads into the district. Khunti SP M Tamil Vanam is clueless. \"No villager speaks a word here. A man whose son is killed says he doesn't know anything. In such a scenario, it is very difficult for the police to operate,\" said Vanam. Meanwhile, JVM has demanded a CBI inquiry into the death of its general secretary. \"The SPs office will be gheraoed on Wednesday. Khunti SP should immediately been removed,\" said JVM spokesperson Saroj Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15919265", "title": "Six truck lifters arrested in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: After dozens of trucks were stolen from the state capital in the past few months, district police on Tuesday caught six thieves. The arrests were made from Bedo locality on the basis of some inputs. The vehicle (JH0-02 U-7399) used by the criminals to overtake the trucks was also seized from them.Ranchi SSP Saket Kumar Singh said the criminals were involved in stealing a couple of vehicles including trucks. They are Firoz Ansari, Anil Oroan, Mansur Alam alias Aryan, Shashim Ansari alias Chunnu, Akhtar Ansari, and Shamshad Ansari.\"The criminals have admitted that they had hijacked a iron rod-laden truck from Itki locality a few months back. They had taken the truck to Lohardaga and freed the driver and the cleaners into dense forests. After selling the rods, they had abandoned the vehicle in Ratu,\" said a police officer.The miscreants were also involved in hijacking another vehicle from Mandar area on August 6. \"The vehicle was taken into the jungles where the criminals robbed the driver of Rs 54,000,\" the officer said. The criminals frequently changed the number of vehicles to hoodwink the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15912191", "title": "Maharashtra Pollution Control Board asks civic body, cops to tackle traffic snarls and curb noise pollution", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Pollution Control Board issued a notice to the BMC commissioner and the traffic police commissioner to tackle traffic congestion as it was causing environmental pollution. The notice was issued under the Environment Protection Act following a complaint by former corporator and activist Nicholas Almeida.The Andheri resident had earlier complained to joint commissioner traffic, Vivek Phansalkar, to remove illegal parking in Andheri (East) that was leading to traffic congestion. Almeida had also filed a complaint with the high-powered committee set up by the Bombay high court to resolve the issue. \"Since no one seems to be interested in resolving the problem, I complained to the MPCB and the National Green Tribunal about how traffic congestion resulted in noise and air pollution and was harming citizens' health,'' said Almeida. Advocate Godfrey Pimenta, representing Almeida, said the Green Tribunal rejected their complaint as the data to back their complaint could not reach in time. \"However, it allowed us to file a fresh application, and we are in the process of doing so. We hope the authorities will now do something to resolve the issue,'' he said.Sumaira Abdulali, convenor of Awaaz Foundation, said the government fails to acknowledge that many diseases originate due to pollution. \"We have new vehicles with better emission norms. The emission per car may have gone down but then number of vehicles has gone up, so overall pollution has not decreased but rather increased.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15918282", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to give 2.5 cr to cops for CCTV installation", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has showed its willingness to sanction Rs 2.5 crore for the police department to install closed circuit television (CCTV) cameras in Pimpri Chinchwad city.The proposal prepared by the civic administration states that in the wake of recent blasts on JM Road, CCTVs need to be installed at prominent chowks and crowded places in Pimpri Chinchwad.Thomas Naronha, chief of wireless department, PCMC said, \"The Pune police commissioner had written a letter to the civic body early this month expressing the need to install CCTVs in the city. They may also assist in the prevention of house break-ins, bag lifting and mobile thefts.\"Naronha said that deputy commissioner of police for zone III Shahji Umap had also written a letter to the civic body informing them that a total of 168 CCTV cameras will be installed at 81 places in the city. The police will install the cameras and maintain them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15916251", "title": "Sick doctor flown back to Germany", "text": "KOLKATA: The dengue epidemic in the city nearly took the life of a Bengali doctor, who is now a German citizen, before being flown to that country for treatment.The elderly gentleman, on a personal trip to the city, contracted the disease last week and got admitted to Apollo Gleneagles Hospital last week. He had gone into a 'dengue shock syndrome' and doctors at the hospital said his condition was serious. Even though he was on ventilator, his family decided to fly him back to Germany. On Sunday, he was released on a personal bond and flown back in an air-ambulance.\"He has reached Germany and is apparently fine. He had come to us in a serious condition. Ideally, he should have stayed here till he recovered sufficiently. But since his family was keen to take him back home, we didn't object,\" said a doctor at Apollo. His wife, a doctor herself, took him back in a chartered aircraft fitted with life-support system. He has apparently reached home safely.On a trip to Kolkata to attend a shradh ceremony, the gentleman contracted the disease in the middle of last week. \"Foreigners like him are more vulnerable to the virus. The impact of a dengue attack varies from individual to individual. While some withstand it appreciably, others might succumb,\" said Syamasis Banerjee, consultant at Apollo.The decision to move him back to Germany was a personal one, said Apollo authorities. It had nothing to do either with his condition or treatment facilities at the hospital. \"The gentleman's family was happy with the treatment and they expressed satisfaction. But his wife wanted to take him back. Even though it was difficult, she chose to go ahead with it after signing a bond. We had no reason to object,\" said Rupali Basu, Apollo CEO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15922698", "title": "\u2018No DNA in Krishna\u2019s samples\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The cross-examination of CFSL expert BK Mahapatra in the Aarushi-Hemraj murder case continued for the sixth day in a Ghaziabad court, on Tuesday. The defence again asked Mahapatra about procedures followed in the handling and analysis of forensic samples, and his visit to the scene of crime and also the house of another domestic help, Krishna.In response to defence lawyer GP Thareja's question , Mahapatra said he had helped the investigating team of CBI collect a pair of trousers, pillow cover and k h u k r i from Krishna's accommodation . The defence also asked him whether he deliberately omitted to collect Krishna's shirt. Mahapatra replied he did not remember whether a shirt was look ed for in Krishna's house, and \"It will be wrong to say that I did not deliberately suggest to pick the shirt\" . He told the court that Krishna's pillow cover, trousers and khukri did not generate DNA.A correction was also made in Mahapatra's statement on Tuesday, as he had claimed on Monday that he did not remember from where exactly the pillow and cover belonging to Aarushi were picked up from the house. The detail was wrongly entered as 'pillow cover' on Monday. Mahapatra's crossexamination on samples will begin on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "15912130", "title": "Pakistan MP roams freely in prohibited areas of Jaisalmer", "text": "JAISALMER: In a serious breach of security, Pakistan's member of parliament from Rahim Yar Khan, Mian Abdul Sattar on Monday visited many prohibited areas of Jaisalmer without permission. Though the police, who were unaware of his visit, stopped him, he was allowed to go later. The state police and intelligence agencies have sent their report to the state and Central governments, expressing serious concern over the issue.As per information, a delegation of 12 MPs from Pakistan came to participate in a programme in Patna via Wagah border on August 22. After attending the programme, eleven members of the delegation returned to Pakistan. However, Pakistan's Rahim Yar Khan MP Abdul Sattar Sheikh (60) reached Jaisalmer via road on August 26. He stayed in a private hotel at night and next day morning he met Maharawal Brajraj Singh and left to meet his \"followers\" at Mohangarh and Nachna police station areas.He stayed at Mohangarh for quite a long time and met lot of people. The he went to Panche ka Tala village where he met sarpanch Mouddin and accepted his hospitality. Later he reached Nachna area and met many more people.On getting information, Nachna police called Abdul Sattar to police station and station in-charge Gautam Dotsara checked his documents. Sattar said that he carries a visa which permits him to go to any cities of five SAARC countries and he has relaxation from police checking. He also said that he did not have any knowledge about the prohibited areas and therefore he had come by mistake. He was then allowed to go.District collector Shuchi Tyagi said the Union government, via a gazette notification, has declared eight police station areas as prohibited areas under Section 3 of Prohibition Act, 1961 including Nachna and Mohangarh areas.Superintendent of poilce Mamta Vishnoi accepted that Pakistan's Rahim Yar Khan MP Abdul Sattar had multiple city visa, but he was not having any permission to go to prohibited areas of Jaisalmer district. She has asked the police station in-charge to submit a record, based on which information is being given at the higher level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15910168", "title": "Rid hospitals of animals, pests, says PIL", "text": "CHENNAI: A day after a newborn's body was found to have been attacked by rodents at the Kasturba Gandhi Hospital for Women and Children, a PIL was filed in the Madras high court on Tuesday seeking better hygiene and facilities in hospitals across the state.Advocate R Y George Williams made a mention of the incident before the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice A Arumughaswamy and wanted permission to file a PIL. The bench permitted him to file the plea.The petition filed by C Sadayan, an MTC bus conductor, said public health centres should be kept clean to prevent infection or aggravation of the existing medical condition. Several hospitals have a serious dog and rodent menace, it said.It sought a direction to the state government to keep the hospital premises tidy and rid them of pests and animals like dogs, cats and rodents. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15916765", "title": "Affected villagers raise voice outside Sesa Ghor", "text": "PANAJI: Villagers affected by Sesa Goa's mining activities held a demonstration outside the firm's head office at Sesa Ghor, Patto, Panaji on Tuesday. They have demanded that the government take over all the leases of the company because of pollution.Ramesh Gauns, a social activist and resident of Bicholim, alleged that Sesa Goa has failed to run their mining activities according to the norms, and hence the government should take over all the assets of the company. \"There are 33 mining leases with Sesa Goa and the government should take over all these leases because they don't follow the law,\" said Gauns.Villagers also demanded that the government should immediately stop all illegal activities on Sesa Goa mines as well as on its plants. Gauns said that because of Sesa Goa, agriculture has been damaged in certain areas. Agreeing with him was Madu Gaonkar from Marcel, Khandola. He alleged that Sesa Goa has polluted the river Mandovi by discharging chemicals in the river.Villagers from Navelim, Amona, Pilgao, Bicholim and Marcel also held demonstrations outside Sesa Ghor on Tuesday, to express their solidarity with the people in London and Zimbabwe , who are protesting the Vedanta group company. Gauns said that \"Today, there is a Vedanta group shareholders' meeting in London, and people from London, including Goans, and in Zimbabwe, there is a protest and we are supporting them by demonstrating outside Sesa Ghor.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15913984", "title": "elhi HC asks Centre to decide on Sadhvi Ritambhara's plea for passport", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nearly two decades after the Babri Masjid demolition, the incident continues to haunt Sadhvi Ritambhara, one of the accused in the case.The VHP leader has blamed the Centre for marking her out as a suspect by renewing her passport for one year instead of the usual practice of 10 years, hampering her frequent visits abroad for religious discourses.Justice Rajiv Shakdher on Tuesday asked the Centre to accord a personal hearing to the Sadhvi and pass a reasoned order on her plea. \"The present petition be treated as a representation by the Regional Passport Office of the external affairs ninistry and a reasoned order be passed within three days after the representation is made. The petitioner be given a personal hearing,\" the HC directed central government counsel Sumeet Pushkarna.Ritambhara, who is facing trial along with various others including veteran BJP leader L K Advani in the Babri mosque demolition case, has contended that the Passport Act provides that it would be issued to a person for a period of 10 years and later, it can be renewed or extended for the same period.The Regional Passport Office (RPO), which initially issued her the passport in 1991 for 10 years, however, extended it only by one year on August 3, 2009 and in May 2012, she said in her plea. \"The extension of a passport for a shorter time (one year) is an infringement of Sadhvi's right under Article 21 (Right to life) of the Constitution which also includes right to unfettered travel without any unlawful limitations of time...\"A citizen's right to go abroad cannot be limited or curtailed unless there is a law made by the state prescribing the procedure for so depriving her and the deprivation is effected strictly in accordance with such procedure,\" the petition argues. The VHP leader, who was at the forefront of the BJP campaign on Babri mosque-Ram Janam Bhoomi row, said she has been implicated in the case.Ritambhara sought direction to the Centre for issuing her a passport for 10 years saying its shorter validity makes it difficult for her to seek visa from foreign missions here.\"The extension of a passport for one year at a time is harassment as it takes substantial time for obtaining a visa to several countries. Some countries entertain a visa application only if the passport of the applicant is valid for six months from the date of proposed travel...,\" the petition said.Once in a year, Sadhvi has to visit the RPO office for extension of her passport and it is a time-consuming act, it said, adding, \"the extension of passport for a shorter duration was arbitrary\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15929496", "title": "Don\u2019t want a dubbing artiste: Esha Gupta", "text": "In her debut film, Esha Gupta's voice was dubbed,and rather clumsily at that. So, in Raaz 3 , she has spoken in her own voice and redubbed herlines, helped by Hindi theatre personality and tutor Rakesh Tripathi.Esha told TOI, \"I speak Hindi fluently because my mother speaks onlyinHindiandUrdu.WhileIamno one to dispute the Bhatts' decision, in Raaz 3, I was determined to speak in my own voice. I did my lines with Rakesh'shelp.He'llcontinuetoguideme because there is still a Punjab it wang in my Hindi.\"Commenting on those in the industry who think in English, Esha said, \"We're in the Hindi film industry. It's important to have a command over the language.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15920534", "title": "Seventh edition of BAPASI book fair in Madurai from Thursday, 212 stalls planned", "text": "MADURAI: The 7th Edition of Book Sellers and Publishers Association of South India (BAPASI) book fair will be held at the Tamukkam grounds from August 30 to September 9, district collector, Anshul Mishra announced here on Tuesday. According to the association, 212 stalls will be set up in an area of 48,000 square feet. There will be 120 exclusive stalls for Tamil books, 81 for English books, nine halls for multi-media and three stalls for the sponsors. As many as 150 publishing houses will participate in the book fair.Considering the number of increasing readers visiting the fair every year, the organisers have arranged the venue with spacious pathways, adequate ventilation and drinking water and toilet facilities. In order to publicise the book fair, a rally of school children will be taken up on the theme 'Madurai Vasikirathu' (Madurai Reads) which will be inaugurated by Mishra on Wednesday. All through the book fair days, there will be variety of competitions for the visitors, school and college students and cultural programmes by various troupes and students, the organisers said.Addressing mediapersons, Mishra said the important objective of the book fair is to increase the reading habit among the public. Besides, regular advertisements, the district collectors of neighbouring districts will be intimated about the book fair. Mishra also said that credit card system to buy the books has been introduced from this year to promote book sales.A police outpost will function in the venue and fire engine and ambulance will be stationed for emergency purposes. A new software, which helps to practice competitive examination questions through mobile phone will be released during the book fair, the collector said. \"The book fair will help in creating knowledge and social conscience which is very much necessary at present and we hope many students and public from Madurai and neighbouring districts will utilise the book fair and benefit from it,\" Mishra stated. R S Shanmugham, president, BAPASI, secretary, S Vairavan and other office-bearers of the association were present during the press meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15933771", "title": "Posh baffled by Becks' rumoured affair with Katherine Jenkins", "text": "Victoria Beckham is said to be \"bemused\" by the hurtful internet rumours about hubby David's affair with opera singer Katherine Jenkins .Despite the hurt the claims have caused, the 38-year-old fashion designer \"understands\" that Jenkins would want to clear her name.\"Victoria understands why Katherine would want to defend herself against these allegations,\" the Daily Mail quoted a source as telling LOOK magazine.Victoria is now said to be focusing her attention on ensuring her family are not dragged into a \"soap opera\" after Jenkins took to Twitter to deny the rumours.\"Victoria and David have been through a lot and love each other. There's no way she'd let the family get dragged into a Twitter soap opera.\"The rumours are not true, but that doesn't stop them being hurtful,\" the source said.When Jenkins publicly denied the claims on her Twitter page last Thursday, she inadvertently drew many people's attention to the rumours they had previously not been aware of.\"Dear Twitter friends, I've read some horrible rumours on here and want u 2 know I absolutely deny I've had an affair with David Beckham .\"The rumours are very hurtful, untrue and my lawyers tell me actionable.\"I've only met David twice: once at the Military Awards in 2010 and on a night out in the West End in Feb 2012. We were out in a group of friends and it was just a normal fun evening out. Just so we are clear I have never been on my own with him and never arranged to meet up,\" she wrote.But the rumours seemed to have taken their toll on the Spice Girls singer.\"I'm not going to lie, it was a really tough time. David and I got through it together,\" she said later.\"No one said marriage was going to be easy. Yes, there have been bumps along the road.\"But the fact is we've come out of everything we've been through stronger and happier,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15916459", "title": "Should there be a limit on the number of RTI applications one can file?", "text": "The RTI Act was not enacted for the purpose to be defeated on technicalities. It was enacted to ensure transparency in governance. Corrupt officers are shying from keeping their offices under public scrutiny. The case at hand of the Mapusa municipal council chief officer is a glaring example. By stating that the applicant is not a resident of Mapusa just goes to show that the officer does not know why the RTI Act was enacted in the first place. Anybody can ask anything from anywhere. The officer needs to be heavily penalized. The act was enacted by the Parliament, which didn't think it necessary to restrict the number of applications that can be filed. Administration should be open to public scrutiny in letter and spirit.Aires Rodrigues RTI activist, RibandarNo, there should not be any limit. Restricting the number of RTI applications is not really in the spirit of why the act was passed. What is the nature of the query, is the question that ought to be asked. This needs to be examined by the concerned department. Within four months of the act being passed, there were so many applications received, but the information could not be handed out because the information was not documented properly. A barrage of queries from citizens will not arise if the information is displayed on a website or on the citizens' charter. If the information is systematically sorted out and made easily available to the public, then there is no need to curtail the number of applications.Roland Martins GOACAN coordinator, MapusaI really do not think there ought to be a restriction on the number of RTI applications an individual can file. When it is stated that filing an RTI application is a citizen's right, then he/she should be allowed to execute his/her right. Individuals ought to be allowed to file for information any number of times, till they feel they've got the information they have been looking for.Akhila Salelkar Lecturer, MargaoThere should not be a limit on RTI applications that can be filed, but there should be a process in place to digitalize all information so that any data can be accessed by the general public. RTI applications should be restricted on issues of national importance, like defence, that have significant importance. But information about municipalities, state agencies, state government and even a few federal departments must be made public, and digitalization and updating of websites regularly is the need of the hour. This would save time and there will also be greater transparency.Niraj Shirsat Senior sales manager, Aquem", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "kakinada", "code": "15911626", "title": "Suicide bid throws light on SP-ASP rift", "text": "KAKINADA: The public spat between East Godavari SP Trivikram Varma and Rampachodavaram assistant SP Naveen Kumar took a new turn on Tuesday when a married woman with her child and mother threatened to jump off a water tank if the police did not bring to book her bigamous husband. Apparently, the SP was siding with the husband and his family while the ASP backed the woman.The high drama prevailed for four hours, with bystanders and public representatives alike pleading the woman and her mother not to end their lives.The Sholay-like high voltage act which began at 6 am up the water tank in Bhaskar Nagar on Tuesday ended when the MLAs of Kakinada and Annavaram D Chandra Sekhar Reddy and N Sesha Reddy assured Kancharla Rama Tulasi and her mother Uppalapati Vigneswari of Pedapudi, that the former's erring husband would be brought to book.According to sources, the protesting woman had already appealed to the ASP for justice while her husband's family allegedly sought the SPs help.Tulasi alleged that her husband Srikanth, the son of a hotel proprietor, had married another woman and sought a divorce. However, when Tulasi refused to sign the divorce papers, he allegedly tried to kill her.Later, about two months ago, a case was filed at Pedapudi and Rampachodavaram police stations. ASP Naveen Kumar of the division apparently took up the case and interrogated Srikanth and his family members. Alleging physical harassment, Srikanth's father lodged a complaint in Kakinada I town station and allegedly approached the SP for help. With the SP ordering a probe into the allegations made by Srikanth's father, the ASP and his boss found themselves at loggerheads.Tulasi's allegations that her in-laws had influenced the SP shed more light on the reasons for the rift between the two cops, sources observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15920792", "title": "Poojapura jail inmates offer Onasadya at Rs 30", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: For those in the city who will not be able to make it home for the traditional Onasadya on Wednesday, there is some good news from the Poojapura Central Prison. A sumptuous Onasadya with 11 items, prepared by the inmates will be sold at various locations in the city on Thiruonam day. The sadya, packed in kits that will also contain a plantain leaf, will be priced at Rs 30. The prisoners will be preparing the sadya mainly for the dependants of the patients at various hospitals and travelers at the railway station, bus stations and also the wayside vendors.The initiative by the inmates of the prison would be a relief for many who cannot afford to spare Rs 150 to Rs 500 for an Onam feast offered by city hotels.\"At least 1,000 Onasadhya kits will be distributed through three mobile units at the Government Medical College Hospital, General Hospital and secretariat premises on Wednesday,\" said prison superintendent B Pradeep. The kits will include sambar, aviyal, thoran, kaalan, pulissery, inchi curry, mango pickle, lemon pickle, banana chips and sarkaravaratty.\"The venture to prepare Onasadya is not with a business interest. Preparation of the feast and transportation would require a cost and that amount is collected by way of charging Rs 30 per kit. It will be a service aimed to serve the deprived patients, their dependants and those who are stranded in the city on Thiruonam,\" Pradeep said.As many as 60 inmates of the prison are set on the task to prepare the feast and it was an action-packed day on Uthradom, as they were all busy with the preparations. The vegetables grown at the prison farm will be used to make the curries. If plantain leaves are not sufficiently available at the prison, it will be brought from the open prison at Nettukaltheri, he said.\"It's probably the circumstance that had driven them to commit crimes. The inmates are now taking it as an opportunity to serve the society and this Onam feast preparation is an attempt at redemption,\" he said. It was the success of the prison-made chapattis that prompted the prison authorities to venture into the preparation of Onam feast.In the presence of director general of prisons and correctional services Alexander Jacob, mobile units carrying the Onasadya kits will be flagged off by actor Sona Nair at 11am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15918362", "title": "Mullah Omar hiding in Pakistan: US general", "text": "WASHINGTON: In a direct repudiation of repeated claims of Pakistan, a top American general based in Afghanistan has said that reclusive Taliban leader Mullah Omar is hiding in Pakistan along with his commanders.The statement contradicts Islamabad's stand that the Taliban leader lives across the border in his own country. \"Omar lives in Pakistan, as do many of his commanders. From that safe vantage point, they've sent hundreds of young, impressionable, and helpless youths to their deaths and detention in Afghanistan. For this, they must forfeit their honour and any claim to Islamic virtue,\" General John Allen, Commander of US and Nato forces in Afghanistan , wrote in an article in The Washington Post.Allen's article focused on the recent increase in attack on US troops from the Afghan security force, which Taliban has been claiming it has infiltrated and carrying out such strikes. \"The focus on 'greenon-blue' attacks obscures the callous slaughter of Afghan civilians by insurgents led by Mohammad Omar. He has the blood of innocents on his hands even though he hypocritically tells his subordinates not to attack civilians,\" Allen said, holding that Omar is either out of touch, or his forces are out of control.\"Perhaps that should be no surprise. 'Green' and 'blue' have been taking the fight to the red enemy, the Taliban, and the enemy is fighting back from a position of weakness,\" he said. \"His forces have largely been ejected from most of the relevant population areas, and from among the most relevant terrain in Afghanistan. Omar is losing financial support from donors, who are sending their money elsewhere , and from reduced drug profits, thanks to Afghan and coalition efforts to stamp out poppy harvest,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai/kolhapur", "code": "15918613", "title": "Protest against Lata's plan to sell Kolhapur studio land", "text": "MUMBAI/KOLHAPUR: Lata Mangeshkar's decision to sell off the famous Jayaprabha film studio, a prized property in Kolhapur, to a private builder has raised the hackles of the historic city. Mangeshkar owns the now-defunct Jayaprabha studio which is spread over 11 acres. The studio once was the key centre of the Marathi film industry.Members of the Akhil Bharatiya Marathi Chitrapat Mahamandal (ABMCM) on Tuesday took out a protest march against Mangeshkar who is said to have inked the sale deal with Raunak Popatlal Gundecha, a builder, for re-development.The morcha was led by the ABMCM chief Prasad Surve and vice-president Milind Ashtekar. The 1,000-strong morcha began from the ABMCM's Khari Corner office and, wounding its way through Kolhapur's main thoroughfare, reached the Jayaprabha studio where the protestors assembled for an hour and raised slogans against Mangeshkar and Suresh Wadkar, the noted play-back singer who, it is believed, played a key role in finalising the re-development deal on behalf of the melody queen. Mangeshkar was not available for comments.Once owned by the legendary Bhalji Pendharkar of Kolhapur, the Jayaprabha studio was purchased by Mangeshkar from him to bail him out of a worsening financial crisis. It was in the Jayaprabha studio that Pendharkar made socially relevant films such as 'Saadhi Manase' and ''Tambdi Maati'. The Jayaprabha studio is closely intertwined with Kolhapur's mythology, say old-timers.Defending Mangeshkar's decision to sell off the studio, Wadkar said, \"For Latadidi, Bhaljisaheb was a father-figure. She bailed him out when no one from Kolhapur came forward to help him.''\"Jayaprabha is no longer functional. It has been lying unused for several years. Those who took out the morcha on Tuesday against Latadidi and me should take cognizance of the fact that maintaining a defunct film studio is not a financially viable proposition,'' Wadkar added.Stating that Mangeshkar has for years been paying the studio bills from her purse, Wadkar said, Those who have nothing fruitful to do bring out morchas.''Many artistes and members of the Kolhapur film industry, including producers Subhash Bhurke, Yashwant Bhalkar and Bhalchandra Kulkarni, among others, participated in the protest march. Film technicians, artistes, workers of the Jayaprabha studio, senior citizens, students and political activists of all hues too took part in the morcha.Later, an ABMCM delegation called on the functionaries of the Jayaprabha studio and submitted a memorandum to them, voicing their concern about the sale of the studio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15918589", "title": "Medical negligence cases face neglect", "text": "INDORE: Is Madhya Pradesh Medical Council negligent towards handling the cases of medical negligence? The documents procured through an RTI application suggest so. In the last 15 years, 53 complaints have been registered against city doctors and two hospitals for negligence in treatment or operation and misconduct, but no punitive action has been taken against them in most of the cases.The documents obtained by RTI activist Siddarth Khandelwal reveal that in most of the cases, Madhya Pradesh Medical Council (MPMC) did not find any negligence or misconduct. The maximum action taken by the council included either warning to the doctor or suggestion to be careful apart from letters to Medical Council of India (MCI). A complaint registered for negligence in operation in 1997 is yet to reach its conclusion.The hospitals against whom the complaints have been lodged are MY Hospital and Bhandari Hospital.RTI activist Siddarth Khandelwal, who had filed the RTI application, said that it is surprising that complaints have been filed against so many city doctors including several big names from the medical fraternity.\"But I am disappointed that no significant action has been taken against any of the doctors,\" said Khandelwal adding that many complaints filed after the death of patients also did not result in action against the doctors.When contacted, joint director (health), Dr Sharad Pandit said the council conducts inquiry after receiving complaints and on the basis of the inquiry report, action is taken. He stressed that in some cases inquiry reports have been sent to the MCI.Khandelwal said that a complaint was filed in 2001 against one Dr Gyan Chand for practicing without proper degree. Dr Chand has a medical degree from Pakistan. Even in this case, council did not show any urgency and the matter is still under study, he added.\"Similarly a complaint filed against Dr Sunil Sharma in 2011 for practicing without proper registration also did not result in any action.\"\"Towards medical negligence, people are not very aware in India when compared to those in United States of America (USA). Still, complaints have been filed against 53 doctors of the city in the last 15 years. The number would have definitely soared with increased awareness,\" said Khandelwal adding that it is unfortunate that the officials concerned are not very serious about handling the cases of medical negligence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15911983", "title": "Chandigarh's cyber security to be modelled on UK module", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The websites of Chandigarh Housing Board and estate office were hacked recently despite UT having a full-fledged IT department. To rule out such instances from happening that deprive citizens from getting timely information, the cyber security model being followed in the UK will be replicated in the city.Also, to maintain continuity in the bureaucracy, all communications and notes made by an officer during his tenure in the city will be compiled to make a database ,which would come in handy for his successor, according to the policy .Chandigarh will have its own Information Security State Policy to tackle cyber crimes and it will be drafted by October. The policy is being drafted by Cyber Security Research Centre of Panjab Engineering College (PEC) and IT department of the UT administration.For making the policy world class, cyber experts of PEC are studying the modules of UK, besides states like Delhi and Maharashtra.Dr Sanjeev Sofat, HoD of computer science and engineering, PEC, said, \"The process of drafting the information security policy has already been initiated and we are going through the UK module besides some states for making it world class. A common data server and a data control center will be the main features of the policy.\"Divya Bansal, a teacher at PEC said, \"The policy will be such that it can be easily implemented. It will not be so complicated that officials find it hard to understand. Besides it would be made keeping future problems in mind.\"There have been instances where some websites of the administration, including Sampada have been hacked and the IT department of UT had not been able to stop it from happening.There will be a centralized database of websites of different wings of Chandigarh administration according to the policy. Muttukrishnan, Reader, City University, London, also described the features of the information security policy module in UK.The assistance of Chandigarh police is also being taken for drafting and framing the information security policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "case one", "code": "15921367", "title": "Bad roads turn into accident spots", "text": "Case One: A 55-year-old bank employee while returning home from office on Thursday evening on his two wheeler bumped into a heap of crushed stones kept on the roadside to avoid dashing into a stray bull. The banker sustained head injuries. Before help could arrive, the victim succumbs to his injuries.Case two: A guard posted at an ATM installed near Gole Park crossing under Attarsuiya police station, received serious injuries after being hit by a stone boulder which came under the wheel of a vehicle. The road where the incident occurred needs immediate repair.Case Three: A couple along with their five-year-old son coming from the trans-Yamuna area of Naini received injuries after their bike accidentally skid on the dilapidated road near Bairahna crossing.The above incidents are not isolated ones; instead the number of such cases is rising in the city given the poor condition of the roads. Despite the warning issued by the state PWD minister Shivpal Yadav to officials to undertake road repair work or face action, no changes are visible on the ground. When ordinary road repair has not been started, then how will officials spruce up the city before the Mahakumbh.What is worrying is that the roads have been lying in a bad condition for past two years in wake of the digging exercise for laying sewage pipelines under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission ( JNNURM). But until now both the projects are yet to see light of the day while the residents are exposed to innumerable hazards arising in the wake of this fiasco.\"Right from the old city areas to the new one, there is not a single spot where one can find a stretch of proper road. Even the central point of the city, Subhash crossing in Civil Lines, bears mute testimony to unsystematic planning and construction,\" said Prof RK Srivastava of department of civil engineering, Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology. Stating that it was the duty of implementing agencies to first complete the work related to repair of roads after laying underground pipelines, he said the crossing shows lack of vision on the part of government agencies which have turned the city into a virtual mess.Accidents are common sight in the rainy season given the soggy and slippery conditions prevailing all around the place where roads have been dug up. Coupled with this poor streetlighting arrangements have added to the woes of denizens who wait patiently for the end of this ordeal, said a lawyer MC Tripathi. On the other hand putting the onus of blame on agencies including the PWD and AMC responsible for holding the lives of residents to ransom, Congress leader Tariq Saeed said that \"We would be staging a road blockade in those parts of the city which are the worst affected by this crisis in order to draw the attention of authorities concerned\". Superintending engineer, PWD, Pankaj Bakaya told TOI, \"The rainy season has become a major impediment in completion of works but we are certain that by November 15 we would be able to complete the road repair work.\" He added that once the machinery and automatic plants are brought into use for laying roads after the rainy season, the repair work would gain pace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15917474", "title": "Builders, Bandra bungalow owners, parties protest over heritage list", "text": "MUMBAI: Soon after the list of proposed additions to the city's heritage list was put up, a few voices of satisfaction were almost drowned out by howls of protest from the builder lobby, disgruntled house owners and parties like the Shiv Sena and the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena.\"Before allotting Grade I status to Shivaji Park and its precincts, local residents should have been consulted. There are senior citizens living in the area and once it is declared as a heritage precinct, there will be a full stop to the efforts of redevelopment. This is a trap,\" said local MLA Nitin Sardesai of the MNS after distributing circulars door-todoor, urging citizens to oppose the move.The Shiv Sena has requested citizens to submit their objections to mayor Sunil Prabhu.Angry protests came in from the suburbs, too, about private properties and bungalows making it to the heritage list. The Salsette Catholic Cooperative Housing Society in Bandra (West), which owns 190 plots, may have some 27-odd added to the list. \"We have launched a strong protest against this unjust proposed reservation, as in most cases these are going to be developed to provide accommodation to our leasees and their growing families,\" said society secretary Cornel Gonsalves.Redevelopment of six of the listed plots started 10 years ago and one of them is the final stages. \"The principal of natural justice demands that notices should have been sent to us and not be silently put up on the BMC website,\" Gonsalves added.In a statement, builders have expressed their apprehension to the BMC, saying their dreams were being 'shattered'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15935406", "title": "Atom ties up with eZeeCLOUD for web, IVR, mobile payments", "text": "NEW DELHI: Singapore-based travel solutions provider eZeeCLOUD Global today said it has entered into a deal with Financial Technologies group firm atom technologies for internet, IVR and mobile-based payment platforms.The partnership has been signed between atom and eZeeCLOUD's Bangalore-based subsidiary eZeeCLOUD Infoserves, which has more than 2,500 hotels registered on its portal.The two companies said in a joint statement that the partnership would help hotels registered with eZeeCLOUD to accept payments on a real-time basis and enable round-the- clock transactions.FT group's atom is one of the country's top mobile-commerce solutions provider and its clients include government and private entities across utilities, travel, retail, financial services, education and entertainment sectors.Dewang Neralla, director and CEO of atom technologies, said: \"Atom is the market leader in the IVR (interactive voice response) payment solutions services in India with a market share of over 80 per cent.\"\"The travel industry is one of the key industries that we are focussing on right now... This tie-up will help users avail of our innovative solutions to make payments for eZeeCLOUD's products,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "15920292", "title": "3 students injured after hostel ceiling collapses", "text": "TUTICORIN: Three girl students of a government-aided school in Tuticorin were injured when a concrete ceiling of the hostel they were staying, collapsed on Monday night.The students were admitted in a hospital. Police said that the girls managed to escape with minor injuries. A case has been registered against the correspondent and headmistress of the school.Police said the students of V G S Girls Higher Secondary School in Sivan Koil locality on West Car Street were studying in the portico of the hostel building when the mishap occurred. A portion of the concrete ceiling suddenly caved in and fell on the area where the students were studying. Since the students were not directly seated under the concrete slab that fell, they escaped from severe injuries.\"The debris of the concrete slab hit them,\" said a police officer. The injured students were identified as Muniswari of E Velayuthapuram, Pushparani of South Veerapandiapuram - both of them studying class 10 and Guna Rekha studying Plus Two. One of them also fell unconscious after the incident. \"The building was not so old. But we do not know the reason for the collapse,\" said the officer adding that it might be due to poor quality of construction. The girls were rushed to a private hospital.Police visited the spot and conducted investigations. A case has been registered against correspondent Jaya and headmistress Chandra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15920583", "title": "Banaras Hindu University to have hi-tech park soon", "text": "VARANASI: Banaras Hindu University (BHU) is soon going to have a hi-tech park on the campus. The land adjacent to Vishwanath Temple and the adjoining gardens are being restructured.BHU horticulturist BHU SP Singh said that the park is being developed in accordance with spirituality and science.\"The land and the gardens of the temple will be developed in accordance with the spirituality and science. The park will have two fountains, a rock garden, sunken garden, water fall, a pond and terrace garden,\" Singh said.The park is being developed in 'freestyle', taking good points of formal and informal gardening. The work is being done with a view to create a natural scene by the planting of saplings, shrubs and flowers in attractive ways. To attract children, perennial plants will be grown by clipping the foliage and twigs of trees, shrubs and sub-shrubs in the shape of animals and birds. Topiary of elephants, dinosaurs, sparrows, horses and other animals and birds are under preparations. Pergola, an attractive garden feature forming a shaded walkway, passageway or sitting area of vertical posts or pillars is also under preparation, Singh said.The park will also have a Nakshatra Vatika, comprising 27 sacred trees associated with different stars as per Hindu mythology.For this, trees like arjun, maulshree, ritha, bel, saal, neem, shesham, gular, bamboo, amla and others will be grown in a circular arrangement and devotees can perform parikrama and other rituals near the trees. Singh said that a Navgraha vatika and Panchwati will also be prepared.The park will have light and sound arrangements in the fountains. \"A 45 ft high jet fountain is being prepared. It will have light and sound system. The fountain will take the shape of a 'shivlinga' and the base will have lights arrangement. The music and light arrangements will be operated in the evening,\" he added. A water lily pond, with a bridge and waterfalls are also being planned under the project.\"The park will be scientific. Less manpower will required for the maintenance of the gardens. The watering and spraying will be automatic and function according to the set timer. Only 50 litres of water will be used which will be rotated in fountain, ponds and water falls. One can get a glimpse of several rare species of plants and flowers grown through tissue culture.The work on the park had already started and it is expected to get completed in September. The adjacent land near the temple was left neglected for a long time and few heritage monuments (a ghat and few pillars) are also present in the compound. Singh said that the monuments will remain intact. The surroundings will be decorated without disturbing the monuments.BHU campus is already rich with flora. The university's rich flora assets comprises around 55,740 trees, over one lakh shrubs, lawns in 440 acres and several gardens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15911519", "title": "Transporting memories through time and space", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Migrating from one city to another may seem cumbersome to many, but it comes with its own set of advantages. Memories created by individuals and families over the years in a particular place travel with them as they move on, becoming an extension of their being. Building on this transformation, Maneesha Doshi's recent works 'Moving Cities' at Amdavad ni Gufa explores how memories of a city, consciously or unconsciously always remain with a person.Daughter of well-know architect B V Doshi, Maneesha's paintings have been inspired by Italian artist Simone Martini's idea of the ancient traveller, her educational background in psychology and family history of architecture. Translated onto acid-free paper through the medium of watercolours, her works portray human bodies that extend into parts of a city and vice versa.\"Urbanization and growing cities have made man and architecture inseparable and the structures that mark a place become an integral part of a person,\" says Maneesha, who is exhibiting her works in the city for the first time. Her 'Memory Lane' series display images like banana plants growing out of an autorickshaw or a coconut palm extending from a car - images inspired by her trips to Kerala - depicting that the body is a vehicle that carries memories.Maneesha's choice of colours, warm and vibrant yet subtle, are influenced by Mexican artist Rufino Tamayo, which stress on the fact that less colours one uses in a painting, the more meaning that painting can have.Her paintings have a certain lightness and positivity to them that shine through in paintings like the 'Goddess' series and her shift from the natural and spiritual to the structural can be seen in works like 'Street scarf' and 'Over coat', where concrete structures have been embedded into a person's clothing or in paintings like 'Ascend', 'The Architect' and 'Night roofs', where the framework of a building becomes an actual physical extensions such as the torso, limbs or even nails.\"This collection is a connection between the inside and the outside and displaying my works in Ahmedabad - a city that shaped me as an artist - has been an incredible experience,\" says Maneesha, whose works are on display at the Gufa till September 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "15919857", "title": "Shortage of lecturers hits Koraput college", "text": "KORAPUT: Education has taken a beating at the DAV college here with as many as 35 posts of lecturers lying vacant. Students complained that there are only 10 lecturers, including an in-charge principal, for degree and post graduate classes against its sanctioned strength of 40. Out of them, an economics lecturer will retire next month.Similarly, at the intermediate-level out of 23 posts of lecturers, five are lying vacant. There is no principal and there is not a single lecturer in Odia, logic, philoshopy, mathematics, zoology and computer science departments. Several departments like history and commerce are managed by only one lecturer each.\"Quality of education has gone for a toss at the college. Being a tribal-dominated district, students mostly depend on this college for higher education. But the college is fast losing its credibility for acute shortage of teaching staff. Though few guests' faculty have been appointed, it is not sufficient,\" said president of the students' union of college Pramod Kandapan. The college established in 1968 has 2,000 students.Kandapan said the poor infrastructure and improper classrooms have forced students to take admission in private coaching centres that has increased the expenditure of their poor families. Listing their demands, the students' union submitted a memorandum to the district administration on Thursday and threatened to sit in a dhrarna if their demands are not met at the earliest.\"We have demanded filling up of the teaching posts but to no avail. The state government has turned a deaf ear to our repeated demands. But this time we are determined and will resort to strike if our demands are not fulfilled,\" said Kandapan.Additional district magistrate of Koraput Pabitra Mandal said, \"The memorandum will be sent to the state government and action will be taken to ensure that teaching is not affected at the college.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15913725", "title": "Congress think-tank blames judiciary for diluting quota for dalits", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Congress-backed think-tank has slammed the judiciary for diluting reservations for dalits, saying 'promotion quota' had fallen victim to this activism.A document by Rajiv Gandhi Institute for Contemporary Studies said upper castes had failed to give due share to dalits after 65 years of independence though they were asked to withdraw their undue share from legislature, public employment and education in 10 years. It blamed the betrayal of promise on \"dominant caste oligopoly\".The policy paper by RGICS, which was given to Congress MPs at a special briefing on 'promotion quota' by P Chidambaram on Monday, coincided with finance minister assuring the gathering that UPA was committed to restoring reservation in promotions for SCs/STs.The radical tone of the paper and the idea of distributing it at the party briefing in Jawahar Bhavan convinced Congressmen that the Centre will make robust amendments to the Constitution to restore SC/ST quota that has come under a cloud after a Supreme Court order.The think-tank is affiliated to Congress and is housed in Jawahar Bhavan that has emerged as the new centre for party functions.Though the sharp edge of arguments may discomfit Congress that has an entrenched upper caste lobby, the paper warned, \"BJP has, when in power, been active in quietly undermining reservations. UPA must undo these efforts.\"Crucially, the paper pointed out that the Congress government in 1995 ignored the apex court ruling which sought to deny seniority to SCs/STs promoted under quota. \"The Congress government did not act on this judgment, Promptly, after Congress government demitted office in May 1996, the DoPT issued an order to implement the above referred judgment,\" it said.The quota row erupted after a Supreme Court judgment upholding criteria of 'adequate representation' and 'backwardness' for implementation of promotion quota.While Centre is apprehensive that amendments to the Constitution may face close judicial scrutiny, the RGICS said, \"The constitutional reservation scheme has been substantially diluted, especially through the imposition of judicially-imposed limits on reservations - such as the 50% ceiling as well as the creamy layer concept,\" it said.The note underlined that the apex court had in 1961 upheld the constitutional validity of promotion quota in a judgment by eminent justice P B Gajendragadkar. It argued that \"adequate representation\" mentioned in Article 16(4) referred to numerical inadequacy (share in services) as well as qualitative inadequacy (share in higher positions).\"This crystal clear reasoning and decision held the field for over three decades. It is unfortunate, however, that in 1992 (Indira Sawhney/Mandal judgment), the SC upset this well-established interpretation of the Constitution and ruled that reservation in promotions is unconstitutional,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15922162", "title": "CM\u2019s political secy gets a wall in Soudha razed", "text": "BANGALORE: He has done what no chief minister has dared. Shankar Patil Munenkoppa , the political secretary of chief minister Jagadish Shettar, has got a wall demolished in his new chamber at the majestic Vidhana Soudha.It's the first time in 60 years of Karnataka's legislature history that anyone has messed with the construction of the heritage building that symbolises legislative sovereignty.No chief minister or minister has tried to create access from their chamber to their personal section since Vidhana Soudha was built in 1956. Munenkoppa, also the Navalgund MLA, asked the public works department ( PWD) to demolish a wall between two rooms, 340 and 340A, on the third floor of Vidhana Soudha for better access to his personal section. It's the norm in neighbouring Vikas Soudha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15918746", "title": "Finally, forest dept lets tribals construct school building", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two tribal schools located inside the proposed Sathyamangalam Tiger Reserve would get permanent buildings soon as the forest department has backtracked from its earlier stand that new construction will not be allowed in the former Veerappan lair. Sathyamangalam divisional forest officer N Sathish told TOI that permission has been granted to erect permanent buildings for Ukkiniyam and Nagalur tribal schools, which come under Kuthiyalathur village panchayat.TOI had reported two weeks ago about the tragic situation of students of tribal villages under the Bhavani Sagar assembly constituency being denied decent education in the name of tiger conservation. Funds allocated by the state government under Sarva Siksha Abhiayan (SSA) scheme to build buildings had remained unutilized as the forest department refused consent. TOI report along with Bhavani Sagar MLA P L Sundaram's efforts has now forced the department to approve of the school building plan.According to Sathish, permission has been granted under Forest (Conservation) Act of 1980, which permits construction of public utility buildings like schools, dispensaries and drinking water projects in forest areas. According to Sundaram, the decision is a major victory for the adivasis of the region, who have been protesting the move to set up a tiger reserve in the region.In the case of Ukkiniam School, Tamil Nadu government had sanctioned Rs 16 lakh for the construction of the building and Rs 11 lakh has been sanctioned for Nagalur. The delay in getting sanction from the forest department had irked the locals as they believed it belied the tall claims of forest department that it will exclude forest settlements and revenue villages from the core area of the reserve. There are over 150 students in Ukkiniyam whereas 102 children attend the Nagalur school.According to V Mohan Kumar, a parent, Ukkiniyam and Nagalur are forest villages. The state highway can be accessed only after a six-km long walk. Home to Irula and Soliga people, these villages lack basic facilities. Few in the community know to read and write. There are around 250 families in both the villages and their livelihood is the collection and sale of minor forest produce. They also help forest department in conservation activities.It was in 2005 that the primary school was started in Ukkiniyam village under SSA. The villagers had built a makeshift shed for the school using their own resources. The makeshift building collapsed in the recent rains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15947209", "title": "H'wood cinematographer to capture Poonam's bold moves", "text": "It looks like the producers of actor Poonam Pandey's debut venture are pulling out all the stops to ensure the leggy lass's moves are captured to perfection on celluloid.With Kumar Mangat, the presenter of the film, and Eagle Home Entertainment, already on board, the production house has roped in Hollywood Cinematographer James Fowlds to the fold. Fowlds has over 30 titles under his belt and has also worked as the Director of Photography for the film Lamhaa: The untold story of Kashmir . Fowlds has shot for titles like Dark Hunters , Duplicity, Absolute Power to name a few. The production house was thrilled to announce the association with Fowlds. Actor Poonam Pandey has been working hard on workshops with the film unit for the last few weeks. The film is set to go on the floors in September, and is expected to be completed on a super strict schedule. Meanwhile, Poonam has been painting Twitter-town red with her bold pictures and sneaky peaks into her bathroom sessions. The sessions on Twitter are just the trailer of what audiences can expect to see in the bold version of Poonam's debut. And with the best man in the business to capture her bold moves, cinema goers will be in for a treat. Watch this space for more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15911869", "title": "Maharashtra IAS officer shocked by CBI move to book him", "text": "MUMBAI: Principal secretary and state employment commissioner Vijay Kumar Gautam has expressed shock over the decision of the CBI to book him in connection with the alleged irregularities in awarding consultancy works related to the Commonwealth Games to a Switzerland-based firm.Gautam, along with senior Congress leader Suresh Kalmadi , the chairman of the Commonwealth Games Organizing Committee, OC secretary general Lalit Bhanot, former OC treasurer A K Matoo and CEO of Swiss firm event knowledge services Graig Gordon, was booked by the CBI on Monday under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act and the IPC.\"I am surprised. I dissociated myself from the CWG long ago and have since been repatriated,'' Gautam, an IAS officer of the 1987 batch, said.Gautam, who was chief operating officer of the CWG between 2007 and 2011, was associated with awarding consultancy contracts for the planning projects and risk management services. The CBI's contention was the OC has shown undue favours to the Swiss firm. In view of his differences with the OC members, Gautam reportedly quit the assignment halfway and was immediately repatriated to his home state, Maharashtra.A former collector of Sindhudurg, home town of industries minister Narayan Rane , Gautam was also a collector of Mumbai in 1997 and Pune in 1999.Gautam is among six senior bureaucrats from the state who are under the CBI's scrutiny. Former municipal commissioner Jairaj Phatak, ex-principal secretary to the CM, Subhash Lalla, ex-Mumbai collector Pradeep Vyas, ex-urban development secretary Ramanand Tiwari and ex-deputy secretary P V Deshmukh have already been booked by the CBI for their roles in the Adarsh scam. While a FIR was lodged against them on January 29, 2011, a comprehensive chargesheet was filed against them on July 4, 2012, before the designated CBI court. Tiwari, Phatak, Vyas and Deshmukh were arrested by the CBI and later released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15921603", "title": "Doubting parents can buy \u2018peace\u2019 for Rs 10K", "text": "HYDERABAD: Confused mommies and suspicious papas are now buying 'peace of mind' at Rs 10,000. Literally. Well, it's not a new rejuvenation therapy in town but a DNA test called 'peace of mind' for men suspecting their wife's fidelity. And women who are unsure of who the father of the child are also getting the child tested along with the husband's sample.And banking heavily on the human weakness of suspicion are private labs armed with the test that they claim would settle doubts for good. While experts in the field of DNA testing caution against the tests being promoted by private labs, these quick-fix solution to fidelity doubts have picked up with denizens, particularly the highheeled ones.The test is simple. It requires swab samples of the child and either parent to confirm if they are blood relatives. However, the results of these tests cannot be challenged in courts as they are not legally valid. Hyderabad-based private DNA testing centres say they have been getting about 5 to 10 such paternity test requests every month. They charge anywhere between Rs 9,000 and Rs 11,000 and the test reports are handed over within two weeks. To maintain confidentiality, some labs even send 'paternity test kits' to the customer's address who then courier it back with the swab samples. \"Most of the clients prefer sending their samples rather than personally coming down for the tests. Those who stay in the city have also been doing the same by asking for kits to send samples,\" said Ritu Sohaney, proprietor, One Touch Solution and Services, who provides the DNA test service.Most of the time, it's an unusual trait in the child that makes the father suspicious. It could be the freakish resemblance of the child with the wife's ex-boyfriend or a child who is much taller than the rest of the family. Vani Sachdev, chairman, Truth Labs, cites the example of a city-based family that approached it for a DNA test as the husband found the child's complexion a few shades darker than the rest of the family.In most cases, doubts are proved to be unfounded but then there are also cases when they are proved right. \"A doctor who had three children approached us recently . He wanted the DNA test done on the third child as he suspected his wife. The test results showed the child was indeed not his,\" says P Ravi Kiran, business development manager, DNA Labs India, who says it is an awkward situation handing over such reports to the clients.But DNA experts warn against this practice, and not only because they have the potential of breaking marriages and work against women. G V Rao, a city-based expert and medico-legal consultant said, \"In these (peace of mind) tests the mother's sample is not necessary and usually the results are given out based on the father and child's sample.Research has proved that it is absolutely important to even take the DNA sample of the mother otherwise the test result is not 100% correct. That is the reason why in legal paternity tests ordered by courts the child as well as the parents have to take the DNA test.\" Besides, he notes, DNA swab samples should be collected only by experienced professionals. \"Also it is very important to store and pack the sample in the kit properly which many first-timers may not do it in the right way.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15918110", "title": "Police get copy of Kanchan's suicide note", "text": "PATNA: A day after TOI on Sunday reported about the mystery shrouding her suicide note of Sitamarhi's graduation student Kanchanbala Jha on August 23 as local policemen were not revealing its content, the Sitamarhi SP emailed the scanned copy of the girl's letter to us.Kanchanbala Jha was a BSc (Hons) student of local SRKG College. Only sister among four siblings, Kanchanbala's misfortune began in June last year when her acquaintance, Puja, allegedly took her to her residence nearby on the last day of their part-II examination. One Birendra Sah, said to be an employee in the Sitamarhi collectorate, was along with one Lovely waiting for them in a room where Kanchanbala was forced to pose with Birendra in different positions and filmed.Kanchanbala hanged herself from the ceiling of her rented house in Sitamarhi's Krishnangar locality on Thursday, leaving behind a suicide note blaming the police failure to protect her from her blackmailers. Here we reproduce the pages which are legible.For netizens comments, read: Girl kills self as cops fail to 'protect' her", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15921257", "title": "Congress hails Khatri\u2019s appointment", "text": "ALLAHABAD: At a joint meeting of City Congress committee and its frontal organisations held on Tuesday, the speakers hailed the appointment of party MP from Faizabad, Nirmal Khatri as the new president of Uttar Pradesh Congress Committee ( UPCC).Khatri is the grandson of famous freedom fighter Acharya Narendra Deo. Congress leaders Shyam Krishna Pandey, Abhay Awasthi, Jawed Urfi, Kishore Varshney, Fuzail Hashmi and others extended full cooperation and support to the new president who also has a long association with the Sangam city.Party activists burst crackers and distributed sweets at Subhash crossing to hail Khatri's appointment.Meanwhile, Congress leader Perajul Haq has been appointed as district chairman of the monitoring committee of Prime Minister Rural Road scheme, stated a communique issued by state chairman of Monitoring committee, Onkar Nath Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15910866", "title": "Outgoing CS to be DG, good governance society", "text": "PATNA: The state government has appointed the outgoing chief secretary, Navin Kumar, as the director general of the newly created Centre for Good Governance Society (CGGS). Kumar will retire on Friday. The general administration department (GAD) issued notification to this effect on Tuesday.Kumar will be assisted by two junior officials. Ajay Chaudhary, currently joint secretary, GAD, has been given additional charge of director (governance) while Bimlesh Kumar Jha, deputy secretary, GAD, has also been given additional charge of deputy director in charge of administration in the CGGS.The government on Tuesday also notified the posting of Atish Chandra (1994) as the secretary to the CM secretariat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15918427", "title": "Get-togethers, community dinners mark Onam", "text": "PUNE: Though they are miles away from Kerala, Malayalee families in the city will celebrate Onam just like they do back home. For most, Malayalee families in the cityOnam begins with making 'pookalam' or decorative flower carpets outside their homes every morning till its culmination on the 10th day. The last or the 10th day, which falls on August 29 this year, marks the zenith of all activity, steeped in family get-togethers and community dinners.Bindu Nair, a senior executive at the World Institute of Sustainable Energy, a not-for-profit organisation based in Pune, said, \"We begin Onam celebrations from the very first day, making flower rangoli outside our house. On the final day, we will perform the customary early morning puja, worshipping the 'Thrikkakarappan'. This is a cone-shaped structure made of mud and kept in the middle of the flower rangoli. A hibiscus flower is then placed on it and puja is performed with other paraphernalia such as coconuts, holy basil and the like. It is considered akin to praying to lord Vishnu.\"She added that the culmination of the ritual symbolises the arrival of king Mahabali, whose reign in Kerala marked a golden period for its people. Onam is thus celebrated to welcome the benevolent king. \"Then a traditional lunch takes place at home, after which the elders gift new dresses or 'onakkodi' to the childrenof the household. The elders too dress in traditional clothes such as 'mund' or 'dhoti' and shirt donned by the men and 'kasavu' sari or the Kerala 'zari' sari worn by women. It is a day when all the family members, no matter where they are, return to their families to celebrate, often with dance forms and games such as 'kaikottikali' and 'antakshari',\" Bindu said.Jayanthi Nair, a housewife and social worker, said that she whips up at least eight to nine delicacies on the day, including 'paalpayasam' or 'kheer'. \"Before all the members of the family and guests begin their meal, the food is offered to God for consecration. It is served on a banana leaf with a 'diya' at the centre. It is only after the food is consecrated that the others partake of it.We invite many friends and relatives on the 10th day, including those who are not Malayalees,\" said Jayanthi.Leela Vamadevan, another housewife, said, \"It is compulsory for children to play 'puli kali' ('puli' is tiger and 'kali' means 'play' in Malayalam), which is a colorful recreational folk art from the state of Kerala, or other art forms such as 'thumbi thullal' on the 10th day. But not many indulge in these recreational activities here in Pune.\"Vamadevan said that here, her family starts the day with a visit to an Ayyappa temple in the city. \"Also, partaking of the traditional meal at noon is a very important aspect of Onam. The meal consists of a variety of 'sabzis', including plain rice (served on banana leaves), 'sambar', 'avial' (mix vegetables), 'thoran' (dry vegetables), 'pachadi' (vegetables cooked with curd), 'morucurry' (cooked curd), 'kaalan', 'inchi' (ginger curry), 'naaranga' (lemon curry), and the like. It is also customary to have 'kheer'. All the preparation is done the night before and the meal is cooked early in the morning,\" she said.School teacher Mary George will keep it simple this year as her children are out of town. \"An elaborate meal served traditionally on banana leaves is an essential aspect of Onam. I would cook a number of dishes on the day. I have already purchased the leaves on which the food will be served. It is the first time we would celebrate Onam alone, as till last year get-togethers with relatives and friends would ring in the festival,\" said George.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15912240", "title": "SC wants report on ground water contamination around Union Carbide plant in a month", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday was irked by the blame game between Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) and the Indian Institute of Toxicology Research (IITR), which was tasked to test ground water around the Union Carbide plant in Bhopal and file a report.The Lucknow-based institute, which was asked by CPCB on January 24 to conduct the tests, claimed through counsel Praveen Swarup that it was denied access to the Carbide factory by Madhya Pradesh Pollution Control Committee, but CPCB counsel Vijay Panjwani told the court that it had received no communication to this effect from the institute.A bench of Justices Altamas Kabir and J Chelameswar said, \"This was supposed to be done on a war footing. The Bhopal gas tragedy occurred in 1984 and we are yet to receive a report on the condition of groundwater.\" Giving vent to its anguish, the bench said, \"Human life means nothing to you. Those who are condemned are condemned for life.\"It directed IITR to test the ground water and give a report by September 25. It directed the state pollution control committee to provide \"access\" to the institute to drill for ground water inside the factory to collect water samples.The Bhopal Information and Action Group, fighting for the victims, was permitted to send its representative with the IITR team. However, the bench rejected the request by Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) to collect samples from the site as well. CSE and Bhopal Information and Action Group were represented by advocate Karuna Nundy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15933968", "title": "'Smitten' Taylor Swift sends private jet for Conor Kennedy", "text": "Taylor Swift , who has been away from her sweetheart Conor Kennedy for sometime due to promotional obligations, recently sent a private jet to bring him to her.The grand gesture obviously worked as the 18-year-old has since accompanied the 'Love story' hitmaker while she promoted her single 'We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together'.\"Taylor missed Conor so much, she sent a plane for him a few days later,\" the Daily Mail quoted a source close to the Kennedy clan as telling New York Post.\"He's been with her ever since, and his family doesn't know when he will be back. Things have become so serious between them so fast that no one in Hyannis Port would be surprised if they eloped,\" the source said.The pining 22-year-old singer, who has admitted that she is star struck by her beau's famous family, has even bought a summer home next to the Kennedy compound.The blonde is said to have shelled out 5 million dollars for the Cape Cod mansion just across the street.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15913967", "title": "HC rejects minister kin's bail in blackbuck poaching", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay high court on Tuesday rejected the anticipatory bail plea of prime accused Anil Naik, nephew of food and drugs minister Manoharrao Naik, in the blackbuck poaching case.A blackbuck, listed under Schedule I of the Wildlife Protection Act 1972, was killed on the night of July 16 near some fields between Jambharun and Kajalamba village in Washim. There is a provision of up to 7 years imprisonment for this crime.Jambharun villagers had nabbed Naik and his friends and handed them over, along with the blackbuck carcass, to the police. However, the cops released the accused due to political pressure. Forest department officials too helped the offenders.Amravati-based NGO Satpuda Foundation had demanded a CBI inquiry assisted by Wildlife Crime Control Bureau (WCCB). Due to this pressure, the investigations were handed over to assistant conservator of forest (ACF) VG Tehre. He arrested Yasin Shah Gulzar of Warajahangir, involved in disposing of the carcass. The bike used in the crime was also seized.Meanwhile, Naik and three others, all residents of Gahuli in Pusad, applied for anticipatory bail. However, on July 30, additional district and sessions judge rejected the bail application. On August 9, Naik approached the high court here for bail against Washim court's order. He was granted conditional interim bail till August 28. The high court had ordered the accused to personally remain present before investigation officer Tehre on August 21 and 23 to give his submissions.On August 24, Naik surrendered a rifle and a Tata Sumo to the investigating officer. The license of the rifle was in his name. Shockingly, the vehicle had been purchased in 2008 but was yet to be registered with the RTO.Realizing the consequences of his actions, Naik is trying to put pressure on forest officers by registering fake charges of molestation. An FIR has been lodged against round officer Babarao Ghatare and four other officials investigating the poaching case. Forest officials have also made police officials Pratap Singh Chauhan, Ramesh Chauhan and Tulsiram Khandare co-accused in the poaching case for hushing up the case.Kishor Rithe, president of Satpuda Foundation and member of state wildlife board, has urged home minister RR Patil to take action against the policemen who helped the accused so that forest officers can arrest them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15912120", "title": "Snakes slither into residential colonies to hide from flood", "text": "JAIPUR: The incessant rains have flooded the forests around the city making their most venomous occupants - snakes - head towards residential colonies for food and shelter. Everyday, animal lovers running snake helpline are receiving rescue calls from residential areas around forests.The Malik family of Jhotwara had an unusual guest on Tuesday afternoon. When they saw a hissing snake on their lawn left them frightened, the best thing they could do is run away from house.They called forest department and they received a helpline number of 'Saviours,' an NGO working for protection of wildlife. The rescue team began their hunt which lasted for 30 minutes before they could capture and rescue the non-poisonous royal snake.\"We put a towel over the royal snake head to slow it down so that it cannot bite. Then, with the help of snake grasper, hook and tong, we captured it and put it in the basket. The snake was non-venomous, so we could easily catch by its head,\" said Dr Pramod Yadav, a veterinary doctor and member of 'Saviours' team.Since heavy rains have inundated most habitats of these reptiles, this group is working overtime saving lives of snakes and humans from snake bites. Normally, the team receives one rescue call a day, however, the number rose to four a day during the monsoon.The areas which are severely hit by these uninvited guest are - Jawahar Nagar, Jagatpura, Malaviya Nagar, Bani Park and outskirts of city areas. The volunteers have even rescued snakes from Chaksu, Bhanrota, Bassi, Chomu, Ramchanderpura and Nayla.Capturing snakes is an expensive affair for the team because it has to bear all expenses -from capturing it to releasing the snake in the jungle, that too, with their own transport. \"Our team spends about Rs 500 for every rescue. In the past two weeks alone, we rescued 80 snakes, which is a huge burden on our pockets. At times, it becomes difficult to function without any financial help or grant,\" Yadav said.The group claimed that the work has a two-fold rescue act - protecting people from snake bites and take the reptile to their natural habitat. The team has claimed that they have captured at least 100 snakes, both poisonous and non-poisonous, including a six-foot king cobra - the most venomous member of cobra family, in this rainy season.The members of the NGO not only rescue animals but also organise awareness campaigns and demonstrate rescue operations in public. \"After a rescue act, we invite people to touch snakes to make them understand fallacies related to snakes,\" Rohit Gangwal of RAKSA, another group running a snake helpline. Interestingly, the group has not taken any formal training in snake handling; however, they have learnt it from senior members of the group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15913748", "title": "Write legibly, doctors told", "text": "BANGALORE: A doctor's fiancee goes to a chemist to get the doctor's love note deciphered. This is well a standing joke on doctors' illegible handwriting. But can you understand your doctors' scrawl? The answer would be no from most.It could soon be a thing of the past if one goes by the medical authorities' prescription for doctors.Taking a path-breaking initiative, the Karnataka Medical Council (KMC) has issued a directive to all 96,920 doctors registered with it to improve their handwriting while prescribing medicines. For, the clarity of a doctor's handwriting is a very important part of healthcare communication.In a directive issued on August 24, 2012, the KMC has requested all its members to write their prescription 'Legibly and Readable by a pharmacist' and preferably in capital letters. \"The trade name and within brackets the generic name of the drug prescribed along with signature and KMC registration number of the prescribing doctor is a must. The pharmacists are requested to co-operate in enforcing the order,\" Dr Chikkananjappa, president, Karnataka Medical Council, told TOIA note has been sent to all the members of KMC after its meeting held on August 23. KMC has also informed the drug controller, the president of Karnataka State Pharmacy Council, principal secretary, health and family welfare department, and principal secretary, department of medical education.\"For the purpose of ensuring that only correct medicines are given to patients, it is necessary that appropriate circulars are issued by the council impressing on doctors to write prescriptions legibly,\" reads the note.Interestingly, doctors in the city have lauded the KMC's initiative. It is of utmost importance for the doctors to write a prescription legibly. It should be preferably written in capital letters. The reason is not only the pharmacist, but even a patient must understand the prescription,\" said Dr B Ramana Rao, senior physician cardiologist, who has been practising in Bangalore for 39 years.Said Dr Yashoda Devi, a paediatrician: \"If prescriptions are not written legibly, then there are chances of a pharmacist misreading it and eventually handing over wrong medicines to the patient. Also if the doctor does not mention about the dosage of medicine in clear handwriting, it can create trouble for the patient. It is therefore important for a doctor to write a prescription in capital letters.\"\"Very often prescriptions are misread by the pharmacist or a patient's relative. If a wrong medicine is given to a patient or an overdose of medicine is given, it can be life-threatening for the patient. It is therefore very important for doctors to follow the directives issued by KMC,\" said Dr S Rajanna, resident medical officer (RMO), Bowring and Lady Curzon Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15912179", "title": "India's worries could mount with Khaleda Zia's expected return to power in Bangladesh", "text": "NEW DELHI: With indications increasingly suggesting the possibility of a regime change in Dhaka in early 2014, the intelligence establishment here is worried that anti-India forces could once again get a free run to use Bangladesh as a staging post for terrorism and other subversive activities.The term of the Sheikh Hasina government, which reined in terror outfits operating from its soil, ends in January 2014. Revolving-door politics being much the norm in Bangladesh, it is likely to be the turn of Begum Khaleda Zia , Hasina's arch rival who is not known to be friendly towards India. In fact, as she rises in the charts capitalizing on Hasina's incumbency, Khaleda has also been busy painting the prime minister an Indian stooge.The security agencies fear that Bangladesh-based subversive elements, like those aligned with fundamentalist outfit and BNP partner Jamaat-e-Islami, could resume their policy of sponsoring and sheltering insurgent groups active in northeast India which use the neighbouring country as a safe haven besides providing an infiltration route to Pakistan-sponsored terror outfits.The communal divide between Bodos and Bengali-speaking Muslims in parts of Assam has the potential to be exploited by Bangladeshi fundamentalists to radicalize the Muslim youth there and add muscle to home-grown terror in India.New Delhi has got unprecedented cooperation from the Hasina regime in busting the havens of Indian insurgent groups in her country as well as in the investigation of terror incidents with Bangladeshi linkages. However, as the popularity of the Awami League regime under Hasina dips, ceding ground to rival BNP, the agencies fear that the gains of the last few years may be reversed if Khaleda regains power.It is no secret that Pakistan's ISI has been using Bangladesh to carry out anti-India operations. Bangladeshi terror outfit HuJI enjoys close links with Pakistani tanzeems. Many of the ISI-sponsored perpetrators of terror attacks in India had either infiltrated through Bangladesh or escaped to the neighbouring country after the strikes. There are many other instances of ISI links with Bangladesh: ISI footing the election bill of Khaleda in 1991, a revelation made by none other than former ISI chief Assad Durani; NSCN cadres travelling to Pakistan from Dhaka in March 1996 for training in guerrilla warfare; an ISI-sponsored technical expert training Ulfa in operation and installation of communication equipment at a Nagaland camp; detaining of NSCN(I-M) chief T Muivah at Bangkok airport in January 2000 while returning from Karachi after allegedly inspecting an arms consignment; and the revelation of arrested All Tripura Tiger Force (ATTF) cadres that ISI had extended $20,000 assistance to Tk 58 lakh to the outfit , besides imparting arms training to eight ATTF cadres in 1997 at Kandahar, Afghanistan .With ISI and Bangladeshi group Jamaat-e-Islami allegedly funding Assam-based Muslim fundamentalist groups like Multa, Mulfa, Simi and Indian Mujahideen, it is feared that the latter may be used to exploit the tension between Bodos and Bengali-speaking Muslims in Kokrajhar to stoke communal fires and instigate local Muslims to take to home-grown terror.Obviously, the Indian security establishment is keen to arrest the slide in Awami League's popularity. Though there is little it can do to reverse the incumbency disadvantage, a positive development on the Teesta water-sharing pact, financial assistance for the Padma Bridge project and exchange of enclaves may go a long way in correcting the negative perception in Bangladesh that Hasina has not managed any major concessions from India. However, these will be possible only after UPA's troublesome ally, the Trinamool Congress , is convinced to drop its reservations on Teesta and the enclaves.Even as efforts will intensify over the next year to recover lost ground for Hasina, senior intelligence officials here claimed that Khaleda's BNP alliance, saddled by corruption cases and expected conviction of its leaders by war crimes tribunals, could see a reversal in its growing popular perception closer to the polls, expected sometime in February 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "15914233", "title": "Student deaths prompt collector to order medical check up drive", "text": "YAVATMAL: The Yavatmal district collector Ashwin Mudgal, on Tuesday, ordered the District Health Officer (DHO) to carry out health check ups of students studying in the ashram schools.According to sources, there are 44 aided ashramshalas in the district which provide education to tribal children. Most of them are run by managements which are controlled by the politicians and their middle men. These men are pocketing the funds, sanctioned by the government for the up keep and development of these schools.All these irregularities are occurring right under the nose of the education department and the tribal development project office at Pandharkawda.Even though huge amounts are sanctioned by the government the tribal students get only substandard food. The fund which is meant to be used for the procurement of study materials, school uniforms and also improvement of boarding facilities are getting siphoned off.The situation so gloomy that the students have taken their fight to get their demands fulfilled to the streets. They have been taking out massive rallies to the offices of the Project Director, Assistant Tribal Commissioner, District Social Welfare Office and the District Collector and also have submitted an umpteen number of representations to the concerned officials. Unfortunately, the assurances given by the authorities don't materialize. Hence, the problems faced by the students remain as such.This lackadaisical attitude of the authorities not only extends to the basic needs of the students but also towards their safety. There have been instances when students have lost their lives as a result of the indifference of these authorities. The students are not being provided with proper medical care in the event of an accident or illness.In one such case, a 13-year-old tribal girl student studying at an ashram school based at Jalka village died after she didn't get prompt medical care. The school is owned by a former MLA. Even though her parents had lodged various complaints both with the police station and the Tehsildar of Ralegaon there has been no positive result.But the death of another girl, Pooja Gedam, of Korduli village who was studying in Jalka ashram school and also due to subsequent media attention, the district collector Ashwin Mudgal has ordered the DHO to launch health check up drive for the students of ashram schools.The MNS' student wing district president Anil Hamdapure recently brought to the district collector's notice the serious lapses of the health department authorities. Hamdapure also requested the collector to order a probe so that the guilty can be brought to justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15919346", "title": "Experts stress training for drivers of hazardous goods", "text": "KOCHI: Even if a person holds a valid driving licence, he will not be eligible to drive a vehicle transporting hazardous goods if he hasn't undergone training on safety precautions. But a major chunk of those driving hazardous goods bypass the mandatory training and secure certificates just by paying money.Experts opine that the strict implementation of training programme would help avert accidents like the one that occurred in Kannur on Monday night. \"The drivers must be aware of the nature of goods they transport. \"They should keep transport emergency card and the booklet, which help the driver to know what are the exact steps he has to follow in case of an emergency,\" said M N Prabhakaran, joint director, Institute of Driver Training and Research (IDTR).'' Most vehicles transporting the hazardous goods have a pulling part and a carriage part. Drivers should be given special guidance about the vehicle dynamics especially on the impact on vehicle while applying sudden brake or taking a sharp turn,'' he said.The accident that occurred at Maradu on Monday night points to the fact that a trained driver can avert accident.The drivers cabin of a speeding tanker lorry, loaded with 8,000 litres of petrol and 6,000 liters of diesel, caught fire, near Lakeshore Hospital.On seeing the fire caused from a spark due to short circuit, Narayana Pillai, the driver of the tanker, stopped the tanker and put out the fire using the fire extinguisher in lorry.'\"If there is a dedicated track for vehicles transporting hazardous goods, the number of accidents can be decreased.\"The level difference between roads and its shoulders are as high as one metre. This should be rectified,'' C R Surendranath, former head, Petroleum and Explosives Safety Organisation (PESO), Kerala region said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15934946", "title": "Prince Harry\u2019s naked pics draw complaints", "text": "Naked pictures of Prince Harry published by the British tabloid, The Sun, has prompted nearly 3,600 complaints, a watchdog has said.The Press Complaints Commission (PCC) said all the complaints relating to invasion of privacy came from the public and not from the Royal Family.The PCC said it would be considering the complaints, the BBC reports.The News International-owned tabloid printed the nude pictures of the prince in Las Vegas on Friday, arguing it was in the public interest.The nude photographs were first published online by US website TMZ.In two pictures, the prince was seen with a naked woman in a hotel room.According to the report, the photos were believed to have been taken on a camera phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15913422", "title": "Now, charge your phone by simply holding it", "text": "LONDON: Next time your cellphone runs out of battery, you can charge it by just holding it in your hand, as scientists claim to have developed a new technology that turns body heat into electricity. Researchers say they have developed a way to turn body heat into electricity using nanotechnology to put tiny carbon tubes into miniscule plastic fibres and made them look like a fabric.The 'Power Felt' can keep your phone going for up to 20% longer just through the power of touch, meaning simply holding one, or even sitting on it, could recharge the cell, the 'Daily Mail' reported. The technology has been created by professor David Carroll of Wakeforest University's centre for nanotechnology and molecular materials in the US.According to Carrol, it could be the first wave of inexpensive ways to produce electricity that were far more affordable than current renewables such as solar, which was being held back by the high cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "15912306", "title": "\u2018Will keep a check on regular offenders\u2019", "text": "MODEL TOWN: A list of 150 criminals who were booked for various offences over last five years has been prepared by Model Town police to keep a check on the rising crime in the locality. Station house officer of Model Town Ashok Kumar said they went through the record of previous five years to identify these miscreants who committed crime in their jurisdiction.\"This list of criminals, who belong to different parts of the city, has been submitted with senior police officials and we are checking if these miscreants are still involved in crime or have changed their path,\" said the SHO. Ashok said Model Town is a locality which has many entry and exit points and they are planning to guard all these points to avoid criminal elements from escaping out or getting in.The police are also preparing a dossier of criminals in their jurisdiction to generate proper information about their past and present activities.Deputy commissioner of police, Ludhiana, Gurpreet Singh Toor said they expect to keep a tab on the activities of regular offenders through this process.Model Town resident Harpreet Singh said this initiative will help the police to identify habitual criminals and keep a check on rising crime in the city. \"They need to guard all entry and exit points to the area,\" he added. Another resident from the locality Rajesh Kumar said increased mobility of police personnel in the area would curb criminal activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bharat nagar", "code": "15912696", "title": "Govt college for women students take top 3 slots", "text": "BHARAT NAGAR: The students of MA-I (music instrumental) of Government College for Women (GCW), Bharat Nagar, brought laurels to the city by bagging the top three positions in the annual examinations conducted by Panjab University, results of which were declared on Friday.Inderpreet Kaur stood first by securing 91.5%, Sunita Rani secured the second position with 87%, while Rama Bhagat stood third by securing 85% in the examinations.Inderpreet Kaur, who bagged the first position, said, \"Music has always been my passion and a top position in the university has added a silver lining to my passion. On a day like the this, I miss my father the most, but at the same time I am grateful to my mother who has encouraged me to perform well.\" Inderpreet aspires to become a music artist.Sunita Rani, 27, who is married to Gurpreet Singh and is the mother of a 3-year-old baby, said, \"Getting a university level position came as a complete surprise to me and my family. I am very happy and grateful to my teachers and principal who helped my get this position.\"Principal Gurminder Kaur, vice-principal and head of music department (instrumental) Surdarshan Mehta congratulated the students for their achievement. Teachers Prof Yogesh Sharma, Prof Pritam Kaur and Prof Sharanjit Parmar also congratulated and appreciated the students who have brought laurels to the institution by giving excellent results with their hard work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15914548", "title": "Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation to offer better deal to oustees", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation is considering offering owners whose lands are to be acquired compensation through mutual negotiations either at a price above ready reckoner or an option of 15% developed land in its industrial areas. This policy may be adopted on trial basis for land for the expanded Butibori five-star industrial estate where 1500 hectares are being acquired.Announcing this here on Tuesday, minister of state for industry and housing Sachin Ahir said the policy to offer a better deal to the owners was being adopted as the government felt it was not fair to acquire land by using old laws forcibly. He said at Butibori, for the first time an ITI will be established to impart skills to the locals making them employable.Ahir also announced at least 150 acres of ULC land would be handed over soon to Nagpur Improvement Trust and MHADA. They could jointly build affordable houses on it. Moreover, MHADA was also coming up with a township at Waddhamna off Amravati Road on the outskirts of the city.Ahir said, at Chandrapur MHADA was building a township on2500 hectares and first tranche of 200 houses may be handed over soon to owners. MHADA had also decided to henceforth acquire land after mutual negotiations to avoid litigation. Ahir was addressing newspersons at the NCP office here as part of party's focus on organisational building and image improvement in the region.The young minister also announced that the new industrial policy of the state would be ready in next one and half months. About the proposed law to regulate housing sector in the state, he said it was being readied for presidential assent and may take another eight months for implementation. He said the Housing Regulatory Authority would have quasi judicial power and any private builder building a scheme on land over 2000 sq metres and above would have to register it with the authority giving full details of the scheme. Failure to do so would attract a fine of Rs1 crore or three years' imprisonment. The housing regulator would be able to check all fraudulent practices by builders and contractors, he hoped.About the Ramai housing scheme for the backward classes to be implemented by the NMC, he said his department had given a grant of Rs11 crore for it. Lamenting that there was no progress in the scheme, he said he had instructed NMC authorities to submit a status report in 15 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15914613", "title": "2 BBMP revenue inspectors caught", "text": "BANGALORE: An assistant revenue inspector and revenue inspector were caught on Tuesday as they tried to harass an autorickshaw driver who wanted to get a bifurcated khata of property he got as a gift.N Surya Prakash of Ulsoor complained Lokayukta police that his father divided his property among his children through a gift deed. He said he filed an application with BBMP office in Shivajinagar office to get the khata (title deed) of his share of the property and met revenue inspector Nagaraj. He paid him Rs 5,000 as an advance bribe but the official didn't attend to the work. When Surya Prakash went to his office, Nagaraj asked him to meet the assistant revenue officer Rajendra Prasad, who demanded a bribe of Rs 20,000 to do the work.The driver filed the complaint against both men. Lokayukta police laid a trap and arrested Nagaraj and Rajendra Prasad while they were accepting a bribe of Rs 19,500. They're now investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15917918", "title": "Special Task Force nabs saas-bahu for gunrunning in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 'saas-bahu' duo can work in tandem and 'excel' even beyond the home turf. The Special Task Force (STF) of Uttar Pradesh Police learnt it on Tuesday when they nabbed two women from Bihar for gunrunning and seized eight sophisticated.32 pistols and magazines from their possession in Mahoba district.What established that these two were better than their two male counterparts was the fact that each of the two male accused arrested along with them had earlier been nabbed at least twice but the two women managed to keep the cops at bay ever since they stepped into the world of crime five years ago.Additional director general (STF) Jag Mohan Yadav told TOI that the STF team trailing the gunrunners was initially hesitant of nabbing the accused fearing that in case the tip-off turned out to be wrong, they were sure to land in trouble for picking up two women. \"We had to ensure, re-ensure and re-confirm that the criminal intelligence gathered was correct. The STF team spent almost a week exclusively to confirm that the tip-off was a reliable one,\" he said.The two accused are Rehana (name changed) a 50-year-old widow and her 20-something daughter-in-law Mehnaz (name changed) who lived in a joint family in Chakasi village in Mufsil police circle in Munger district of Bihar. During interrogation, the women tried to put the entire blame on their male associates- Ramesh Singh and Harish Chandra - both natives of Mahoba - who were accompanying them. The two were actually the ones who were to collect the delivery of the weapons from Mehnaz. Since the STF rounded them up after the weapons and cash exchanged hands, Mehnaz tried to dump the blame on Ramesh and Harish. But thanks to the comprehensive intelligence gathering that the STF had backed itself before laying their hands on the gunrunners, the two couldn't escape.The accused women revealed that they were an instant hit in the business as the chances of police suspecting them of carrying weapons were almost remote. The two would purchase the firearms from their native Munger district and deliver it to buyer in other states. Although buying was not a problem, delivery was risky. \"Since deliveries had to be made in another state, a completely new environment and more than often to complete strangers, the risk of being trapped or robbed of the weapon was high. So, they decided to operate with some males in the trade,\" said a member of the STF investigating team.Following interrogation, Mehnaz confessed that one Naushad, a native of her neighboring village of Bardha in Mufsil police circle of Munger was into gunrunning. Initially, she played a courier and used to carry the weapon and deliver it to the buyer at a pre-determined location. But the returns were petty. So she decided to become a supplier herself.They confessed that they bought a .32 bore pistol for Rs 9,000 per piece from Munger and sold it off for anything above Rs 15,000 in UP. The rates were based on the distance to the place of delivery from Munger and the time in hand for delivery. Ramesh and Harish would then supply the weapons to the end users for anything between Rs 20,000 to Rs 25,000 depending upon the paying capacity and the urgency to strike a deal. STF sources said Ramesh and his four aides were arrested by the STF from Orai area of Jalaun district on July 28, 2011 after seven pistols and 14 magazines were recovered from them. They were presently out on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15920686", "title": "Pollution board nod soon for Transport Nagar project in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: The regional unit of UP Pollution Control Board had been asked to give no-objection certificate to the proposed Transport Nagar project on Varanasi-Allahabad highway.District magistrate Saurabh Babu held the meeting of the District Udyog Bandhu in Chandpur industrial estate on Tuesday. It came to light Transport Nagar project was being delayed due to the absence of no objection certificate.He asked the officials to get it release at the earliest by consulting the authorities at the headquarters.Transport Nagar has been to be developed on approximately 92.945 hectare of land between NH2 (Varanasi-Allahabad) and Ramnagar bypass, about 10km from the city.The project has been conceived with an objective of development of the state-of-the-art Transport Nagar with all modern facilities and services. Presently the transport agencies are situated in the busy and densely populated areas like Vishvheswarganj, Ramkatora, Chowkaghat and Lahartara.The DM asked the officials to provide facilities to entrepreneurs.The electricity department officials were instructed to ensure proper power supply to the industrial units. He also instructed power officials to hold a camp in Chandpur industrial estate on September 10 to address the power-related problems of industrialists on the spot.Udyog Kendra general manager Umesh Singh said that 49 new industrial units were given permanent registration in August while 12 got temporary registration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15922530", "title": "Woman found dead at JNU", "text": "NEW DELHI: An 18-year-old staying at the old JNU campus for the past two months, was reportedly found hanging from a fan at the servants' quarters . The incident was reported on Tuesday evening from the Ber Sarai area of south Delhi. Police said the deceased , Ranjita, had come from Nepal along with her cousin Sanjay, a driver of a professor at JNU.Police are investigating if she left behind a suicide note. Sources said the girl was unhappy and wanted to go back home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15919390", "title": "Cops rescue baby from drunk father", "text": "KOCHI: The cops in the women police station in Kochi had a different job that was never part of their official duty.They had to sing a lullaby to a 11-month-old baby girl. The women police officials at the station had got the child from the streets on Monday night.Arriving at Menaka Junction at around 7pm after getting a call from some passers-by, Lailakumari M N, sub inspector at Ernakulam women police station and her colleagues found a baby on the wayside with her father Pandurangan (25) from Trichy in Tamil Nadu lying next to her in an inebriated state.Realizing that the man will not be able to look after the child, the police team took the baby to the police station.\"We bought some food, a feeding bottle and milk, some biscuits, toys and clothes for her. Then we bottle-fed her. The kid was with us for around three hours,\" said Lailakumari.\"Later, we handed over the child to Nirmala Sishu Bhavan. When we handed over the baby to the Sisubhavan authorities, she was crying,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15913129", "title": "Sushma Swaraj got bribes from Reddy brothers, says Lalu Prasad", "text": "NEW DELHI: RJD chief Lalu Prasad on Tuesday waded into the Congress-BJP battle over Coalgate by accusing Sushma Swaraj of receiving bribes from the Reddy brothers, Karnataka's controversial mining barons belonging to the BJP.Taking exception to Swaraj's allegation on Monday that Congress got \"mota maal\" (big bucks) for allotting coal mines without inviting bids, Lalu alleged that it was the BJP leader who was funded by the Reddy brothers. \"Everybody knows who would get mota maal from Reddy brothers and who was their patron. Let there be a JPC inquiry into the activities of Reddy brothers and their links,\" the RJD boss said.Swaraj instantly shot back by saying that it was Congress which benefited from the Reddy brothers. \"Shri Lalu Yadav wants to know as to who got mota maal from Reddy brothers. I would like to inform him and the country that the mota maal from Reddy brothers has gone to the Congress party,\" she said.Swaraj further said all the mining biggies from Bellary got their mining leases at the instance of a Congress chief minister, although she did not mention names.While focusing on Swaraj, Lalu targeted the BJP as a whole for its agitation in Parliament. He said the real reason why BJP was not letting Parliament function was its opposition to enact a law to facilitate reservation in promotions for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes. \"This is a conspiracy. They are opposed to dalits and tribals and want to sabotage the promotion quota. They started the trouble just after prime minister gave a commitment at the all-party meeting to bring a bill for reservation in promotions,\" he said.The sharp-tongued RJD boss also said BJP's demand for the prime minister's resignation was another confirmation that it was opposed to Sikhs and minorities. \"They are majoritarian fascists and cannot tolerate the sight of someone from the minority community occupying the helm,\" Lalu said, adding that the BJP was also conspiring to trigger communal riots to achieve communal polarization ahead of the 2014 polls.Responding to Lalu's allegation that she has been a beneficiary of the wealth of the Reddy brothers, Swaraj asserted, \"I demand that all documents related to the recommendations and allotments to Reddy brothers be made public so that the country can know who got them monetary benefits and who made the recommendations for them. All the facts should be placed before the nation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15913775", "title": "Supreme Court seeks govt file on Radia phone interception", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday expressed doubts about the government's efforts to identify who leaked the Radia tapes and ordered the Centre to show it the file containing orders to intercept corporate lobbyist Niira Radia's telephones and its safe keeping.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhay told additional solicitor general A S Chandiok to place the file before it on Wednesday and said, \"We will like to know the person responsible for the leakage. The reports are hardly satisfactory. Of inter-ministerial committee report, the less said the better. After all, someone should be accountable. We will also direct about future safe-keep of the telephone intercepts.\"When Chandiok said the Centre would file an affidavit detailing steps taken to prevent leak of telephone intercepts in the light of Radia tape excerpts finding its way to the media, the bench said, \"We do not want any more affidavits. Just produce the records if you have to show anything tangible done after May 19, 2011, when the last affidavit was filed. About taking further steps, we will consider and direct.\"Industrialist Ratan Tata had moved a writ petition after his private conversations with Radia were published in magazines and newspapers and requested the court to prohibit future publication, fix responsibility for the leak of intercepts and direct government to take steps to prevent such leaks in future.The case lies at the intersection of the dueling considerations of nation's security and citizen's right to privacy. The income tax department had tapped Radia telephones after the finance ministry received a complaint against her. The department got the home ministry's permission to intercept her telephones for 120 days beginning August 20, 2008. It secured a fresh nod in May 2009 for an identical period.Of the 5,851 call intercepts detailed in the Radia tapes, which were handed over by the I-T department to CBI on November 26, 2009 for a detailed investigation into the 2G spectrum scam, many were of a private nature.Tata's counsel, senior advocate Harish Salve, said if the Centre's repeated assertion that there was no leak of the intercepts from its agencies was true, then it left only the service provider from whose end it could have been leaked.\"What action has been taken against the service provider? If it has not leaked from government sources, then a case under Official Secrets Act must be registered as inter-ministerial committee cannot investigate a criminal offence. Should the service provider be not taken to task as the intercepts could be used for blackmail tomorrow,\" Salve said.But NGO 'Centre for Public Interest Litigation' through advocate Prashant Bhushan said the leak of Radia tapes, which informed the public about the manner in which Union Cabinet was formed, how the media was used by corporate houses to plant stories and how people talked about fixing judiciary, should be treated as an act of a whistleblower who should be given full protection.\"Person who has leaked the Radia tapes falls squarely within the above definition of an external whistleblower since he/she has exposed the current rotten system to the public,\" Bhushan said. He requested the court to segregate the private conversations and make public the rest of the intercepts.But the court expressed concern about the possibility of other conversations which had some impact on national security being sent abroad to elements inimical to the country.Justices Singhvi and Mukhopadhay wanted Chandiok to inform the court \"what steps had been taken by the government to ensure no leakage of telephone intercepts in future and assign a time frame within which such preventive mechanism would be put in place\".Chandiok said Tata's telephone was never tapped and hence he could not claim violation of right to privacy. \"The telephone lines of the petitioner were not intercepted... the person whose telephone numbers were intercepted has not filed any petition in the Supreme Court or any other court complaining violation of any law or rule,\" the Centre said.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "15917420", "title": "Deficit monsoon lessens malaria cases in Meghalaya", "text": "SHILLONG: A deficit monsoon this year in otherwise rain-ravaged Meghalaya has led to a drastic fall in the cases of malaria, especially in the Garo Hills area of the state, considered one of the 'cradles of mosquitoes' in the world.\"With low rainfall, there has been lesser waterlogging, due to which there has been lesser breeding of mosquitoes,\" an official in the state health department pointed out.\"There have been fewer cases of malaria this year, one of the reasons being a deficit monsoon,\" East Garo Hills deputy commissioner Vijay Mantri told TOI. \"Only three cases of deaths related to malaria have been reported so far. The cases of casualties are far lesser this year compared to last year,\" the DC iterated.Mantri also attributed the lesser cases of malaria to extensive awareness campaigns launched by the district administration. \"The main reason for multiple deaths due to malaria in previous years was lack of proper detection,\" he pointed out.The DC informed that Rapid Test Kits to detect malaria have been supplied to 925 accredited social health activists (ASHAs), comprising community health workers as part of the National Rural Health Mission. \"Medicated mosquito nets have also been distributed,\" he added.\"Anybody can carry out tests with the help of these kits with just a drop of blood as a sample,\" he said.In fact, the deadly and usually fatal falciform malaria, which attacks the brain, has become resistant to the popular drug chloroquine in the Garo Hills, and the illness has now to be tackled with the age-old quinine besides artesunate and arteether groups of drugs.\"Plasmodium falciparum, which is a major parasite, is solely responsible for each malaria-attributable death case. The Garo Hills are categorized as a high-risk zone for drug-resistant malaria,\" said an official in the state health department.According to official statistics, Meghalaya accounts for 20 per cent of the malaria cases reported from the northeastern states annually.The problem is complex along the international borders of the northeast due to poor inter-country coordinated vector control interventions, illiteracy, difficult terrain and poor access to healthcare services.\"Most death cases that were preventable occurred due to complications arising out of late reporting and consequent delayed treatment,\" a report by an international agency on the malaria scenario in the northeast read.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15911332", "title": "Another round of babu transfers on the cards", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: After a reshuffle of officials in the Sachivalaya earlier this month, another round of transfers of bureaucrats is expected in the next few days. This time the transfers would mainly be at field level. Sources said this would be the last round of transfers before the forthcoming assembly polls.It was disclosed that as many as 30 officials, mainly district collectors and district development officers (DDOs), would be transferred. Election Commission of India (ECI) had put brakes on the transfers of these officials in June this year.This was done on the grounds that since ECI had undertaken the task of revision of electoral rolls, which is to be completed by August 31, there was no scope for transfers of the officials at district level in between. With the deadline for revision of electoral rolls approaching, the transfers of collectors and DDOs is on the cards. Appointment of officials on these posts are said to be very crucial in the election year.Sources said apart from these postings, a couple of transfers are also expected in the Sachivalaya. It was disclosed that there are important departments that do not have a full-time heads and are being run as an additional charge. The primary amongst them is the revenue department. An official running this department handles all the collectors. Presently principal secretary (energy and petrochemicals) D J Pandian is in charge of the department. The second such department is Gujarat Housing Board (GHB), which has become very important following the political parties resorting to competitive populism about affordable housing. The charge of GHB is currently being held by development commissioner A K Rakesh.Meanwhile, eight Gujarat Administrative Services (GAS) cadre officials were promoted to the Indian Administrative Services (IAS) cadre on Tuesday. They include B K Thacker, J K Astik, S L Amrani, M M Kotwal, M S Patel, B C Patni, L P Padalia and K D Chandani. They are expected to be given their new assignments in a few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15935714", "title": "Sperms grown from skin offers hope to infertile men", "text": "Researchers have succeeded in making early-stage sperms from human skin tissue that could potentially help thousands of infertile men, including survivors of childhood cancer , father children that are genetically their own.By unlocking the intricacies of male reproduction, the breakthrough could also lead to new contraceptives and a 'miracle pill' to treat infertility .However, the science is also fraught with moral and ethical concerns, the Daily Mail reported.Critics argue that it is wrong to meddle with the building blocks of life and warn of a future in which babies are created through entirely artificial means.Scientists have already succeeded in coaxing embryonic stem cells , which are master cells plucked from embryos in their first days of life, into turning into sperm.Using skin as a starting point would be more ethically acceptable as it would also mean the sperm would have the man's genes.For the study, the American scientists used a cocktail of chemicals to wind back the 'biological clock' in skin cells, turning them into cells with the chameleon-like powers of embryonic stem cells.They then used a combination of nutrients to coax them to developing into round cells which were just a few steps away from mature sperms and appeared genetically normal.Led by Dr James Easley, the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine team believe they have cracked the most difficult part of sperm development.This means that by altering the procedure it should now be relatively easy to get to the next stage - elongated cells that, while yet to grow tails, should be able to fertilise eggs.The technique is still many years away from use in clinics and, as the law stands, lab-grown sperm are banned from use in the UK.The study has been published in the journal Cell Reports .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15917813", "title": "CBI plea for harsh sentence to Carbide accused dismissed", "text": "BHOPAL: In a setback to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), a local court on Tuesday dismissed the prosecution agency's revision petition seeking re-trial of the convicts of 1984 Bhopal Gas Tragedy under harsher law.However, the district and sessions judge Sushma Khosla would take a call on a similar revision and an appeal petition of state government seeking re-trial of the convicts under section 304 (II) of IPC inviting 10 years imprisonment on Saturday, the deputy director (prosecution) Satish Dinkar said.Turning down CBI plea the Judge Sushma Khosla said that the agency hadn't raised such demands during a marathon trial leading to the conviction of eight for two years under section 304 A of IPC, defence counsel Ajay Gupta told TOI.The Judge had Saturday last reserved its order on the CBI and state government's plea.The CBI and the state government in a damage-limitation-exercise had filed the revision petitions In the wake of the outcry over the judgment of chief judicial magistrate MP Tiwari who had handed down two years punishment as per section 304 A of IPC to the eight convicts for the world's worst industrial disaster, after a 25-year-old trial on June 7, 2010,The CJM had convicted eight people including Keshub Mahendra, the then chairman of UCIL, Vijay Gokhle, the then managing director of the company, Kishore Kamdar, vice president, J Mukund, works manager, S P Choudhary, production manager, K V Shetty, plant superintendent, S I Quereshi production assistant of UCIL and UCIL Calcutta.The three accused -- the then chairman of Union Carbide Corporation of USA, Warren Anderson, besides Union Carbide Corporation, USA and Union Carbide Eastern, Hong Kong - had escaped the trial.One of the accused tried for the offences, R B Roy Choudhary, the then former assistant works manager Union Carbide India Ltd (UCIL), Mumbai, died during the trial.FIR in the tragedy was filed on December 3, 1984 and the case was transferred to CBI on December 6, 1984. The CBI filed the charge sheet after investigation on December 1, 1987.Subsequently, the CJM framed charges against the accused under section 304 II, section 326 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt by dangerous weapons or means) and other relevant sections of IPC. After the accused moved the Apex Court, it amended the charges on September 13, 1996 to 304 (A) (causing death by negligence), 336 A (acts endangering life or personal safety of others, 337 (causing hurt by endangering life or personal safety of others) and other sections of IPC.Poisonous gas leakage from the now defunct Union Carbide Factory here on the intervening night of December 2-3, 1984, killed more than 15,000 people and injured lakhs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15914774", "title": "Scientists simplify God particle for school kids", "text": "NAGPUR: Last month has been exciting for the scientific community, with confirmation of the discovery of Higgs Boson particle, popularly known as the God particle. For the common man, however, the particle and its significance remains a mystery.To clarify this concept, Raman Science Centre organized a popular science lecture on 'Fundamental Particles and Higgs Boson' for schoolchildren, said project coordinator of the centre Shrikant Pathak. Praveen Kumar Sharma, a scientist working at the city branch of Atomic Minerals Directorate ( AMD ), spoke about the God particle.\"The Boson particle was discovered after the phenomenon of cosmic rays was explained by scientists, including Homi Bhabha. One important type of this particle is the Higgs Boson. Identifying it is a great scientific milestone, as it can help unravel the mysteries of the universe,\" said Sharma. The composition of the world, mass-energy conversion, the enigma called Big Bang theory, can all be explained through this particle, he said.Simplifying it for children, Sharma narrated one of the winning entries to explain the God particle. \"Imagine a political gathering, with many groups of people. If someone powerful and important enters, the nearby 'cluster' gathers around her and resumes its conversation when she leaves the 'field of attraction'. This clustering explains how a particle's mass is generated. This important personality is like the Higgs' particle,\" he explained.\"It can explain sudden 'disappearances' of people in science fiction and mythologies; this can happen when mass is converted to energy. This will help arrive at the Theory of Everything (TOE) or the unification of all energies and forces in the universe,\" explained Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15920427", "title": "Councillor, son die in accident", "text": "TRICHY: AIADMK's Trichy councillor Amutha was one of five people fatally knocked to death at daybreak at Perambalur in an accident on Tuesday. Amutha, 52, a councillor of Trichy corporation ward 15, was returning from Chennai after an eye check-up along with her engineering graduate son Anand, 23, who was also killed in the collision wherein a speeding bus rammed another one that was parked on the side. The bus was stationed between Naranamangalam and Alathur Gage in Perambalur taluk on the Trichy-Chennai highway. The accident occurred at 5.30 am when a speeding private passenger bus coming from Chennai rammed the stationary bus in which Amutha was travelling in. The bus had been parked alongside the road as it had developed a problem.Incidentally, Amutha had alighted from the bus to enjoy the early morning breeze and squatted on a roadside bridge rill right in front of the parked bus, when the driver was making arrangements to fix it. Most passengers in the stationary bus were sleeping inside. Eyewitness accounts later said one person's body was cut into two parts as the speeding bus hit the rear of the stationary bus that in turn crushed the woman against the roadside rill.The bus that was hit in the rear started its journey from Chennai at 12.40 am, carrying 41 passengers. When it reached the site where the accident occurred, the vehicle's tyres were flattened. Nagarajan who was one of the passengers who survived the accident said he too had alighted from the bus in the meanwhile to relax for a while, but \"was alert enough to jump to safety.\" In fact, four people who were killed had alighted and stood by the bus. Apart from the councillor and her son, the others who were killed were Perumal, 55, and his wife Amaravathy, 45. The couple hailed from Tambaram in Chennai. The fifth person to be killed was identified as Vasuki, 23, from Pazhani who was travelling with her mother Nageshwari, 47, who along with six others was later transferred to the Trichy government hospital from Perambalur government hospital.Nageshwari told TOI from hospital in Trichy that her elder daughter had been married off in Chennai, and she was returning after staying with the in-laws for 10 days, along with her unmarried daughter Vasuki. \"My in-laws insisted on my staying there for some more days. If only I had listened to their voice, I would not have met with this accident,\" she lamented. In fact, Nageshwari is yet to know that her daughter is no more, and, oblivious to the grim reality, kept asking the doctors where her daughter was being treated. Padalur police have registered a case and are investigating. Tharasingh, 35, from Mannagudi survived the accident, and said at Trichy hospital, \"Before it could register on my mind, a woman had been cut into two. It is too traumatic to recollect what happened.\" Mayor A Jaya told TOI that Amutha was a first-time councillor, and had already lost her husband.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15927864", "title": "No respite from rain in Delhi as commuters have a tough time", "text": "NEW DELHI: If Tuesday was bad, Wednesday morning has been no better with heavy early morning showers pouring miseries on schoolchildren and office-goers in the national capital.Several roads in the national capital have been waterlogged making it difficult for commuters to reach their destination.Slow traffic movement in most parts of Delhi mainly at Andrews Ganj Ganj ring road, under Lodhi flyover Lala lajpat rai marg, Mahipalpur chowk, RTR in front of Shani Mandir. Also, from Durgapuri chowk to Loni Border, Dabri chowk bus stand (both sides), DD motors Maa Aanand Mai marg, in front of Kalkaji temple, Govindpuri metro station, M.B. road Khanpur to Hamdard Nagar, GK- 1 Archana T-point, Rohtak road Anand Parwat in front of Gali no -10.Due to waterlogging, water upto 4 feet high has accumulated under railway bridge Pul Prahladpur M.B. road. Motorists going towards Faridabad may use Lal Kuan, Maa Anand Mai Marg, Mathura road and motorists going from M.B. road to Faridabad and Surajkund may use Karni Singh Stadium while those coming to Mehrauli from Faridabad may use Mathura road - Ashram.Wide and deep potholes with bad roads have caused a jam in Wazirpur industrial area, central market, Ashok vihar and Apollo and Sarita vihar metro station on Mathura road and its service road in the carriageway going from Badarpur to Ashram.With heavy showers since morning in some areas children had a difficult time reaching their schools.\"The total rainfall in Delhi from June 1 till 5.30pm on August 28 has been 451mm. On Tuesday, Lodhi Road recorded the second heaviest showers with 33.4mm followed by Aya Nagar. The maximum temperature went up to 31.8 degrees Celsius while the minimum was 25.3 degrees Celsius,\" said a Met official.However, the rain forced many to take the Metro instead of autorickshaws or buses.Tuesday saw above the long period average normal rainfall for the day in west UP, Haryana, Chandigarh and Delhi, Punjab, Jammu and Kashmir, west and east Rajasthan.Northwest India's deficit climbed down another notch to 15% while the country's deficit for the season also slipped down to 12%. Delhi, which had a deficit of 26% till Monday morning, saw it come down to a little less than 19% on Tuesday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15930411", "title": "Upcoming Punjabi movie Sadi Gali Aaya Karo", "text": "'Sadi Gali Aaya Karo' is an upcoming Punjabi movie shot in Punjab and Haryana. Movie star cast includes Anuj Puri, Zoya Afroz, Harpal Singh , Nav Bajwa, Raghveer Boli , Gagan Gill, Razia and Priyanka. The movie is directed by Sunil Puri and Produced by B M Entertainment Company &amp; Vinay Puri. Story of the movie has been written by Upinder Waraich and Music has been produced by Onkar Singh.Sadi Gali Aaya Karo is a romantic comedy in genre. Movie is based on a love triangle story where two boys, one from Punjab and other from Haryana fall in love with a girl from Chandigarh. So audience will get the taste of two different flavours, Punjabi and Haryanvi which is something new for modern day's movies.Shooting of Sadi Gali Aaya Karo has been completed and the movie is under going post production. Expected release date of the movie is 25th October 2012.Source: punjabgold.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15914534", "title": "Akola Digest", "text": "AMC health officer suspendedAKOLA: Health officer of Akola Municipal Corporation (AMC) Dr Ujwal Karale was suspended on Monday afternoon for dereliction in duty. Official sources said that he was suspended with immediate effect for various health and hygienic issues. Municipal commissioner Deepak Chaudhri ordered the suspension after Dr Karale failed to make Akola a clean city with better sanitation even after repeated directives from the commissioner. As many as 730 sweepers and same number of workers are bestowed with the job for keeping the wards clean, but the hygienic situation is at its worst.Self-immolation bid at Akola ZPAkola: Two incidents - beating and self-immolation - on the Akola Zilla Parishad premises created quite a buzz on Monday.In the first incident a retired assistant police inspector Hirasing Jadhav and ZP member Nitin Deshmukh - had a fight over dashing of cars. Some ZP members tried to pacify the matter. ZP president Pushpa Ingle and opposition leader Savakram Tathod strongly protested the incident. So much so, City police had to rush to the ZP to prevent the situation from getting any worse. Later complaints and counter complaints were registered with the police by both the parties. Deshmukh has alleged that he was assaulted as he had filed a complaint against Dr DG Chavan, the additional district health officer who happens to be the son-in-law of retired API Jadhav.Soon after this ugly incident, JK Darale, a driver of groundwater survey department vehicle, attempted self-immolation following a dispute with another driver Sudhakar Ukarde. Darale poured petrol on his person, but alert cops nabbed him in time and took him to police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "15919554", "title": "Police recue anganwadi worker abducted by PLFI", "text": "GUMLA: Anganwadi sevika Sabitri Devi, who was abducted by PLFI militants on August 25, was rescued by police from Kadamdipatoli village under Ghaghra police station of the district on Monday evening.PLFI sub-zonal commander Sukra Oroan and his associates Sanjay Tiger, Shankar Gop alias Suman and Maryanus had abducted Sabitri while she was returning to Sehal Tetartoli village from Toto village near Panchpahari. Sabitri was riding the pillion of one Yogendra Yadav, a Maoist sympathizer, when the PLFI men waylaid the duo and abducted the woman after killing Yadav.Gumla SDPO Chandan Kumar Sinha said after shooting Yadav dead, the PLFI men first took Sabitri on foot to a house at Budum. The next day she was taken to Kadamdipatoli village from where she was rescued by police on Monday evening.Sabitri, who was produced before the media on Tuesday, narrated how she was kidnapped by the PLFI extremists after they killed Yadav. Police had earlier recovered Yadav's motorcycle from the spot.Sinha said a police team led by inspector Amish Hussein had stepped up raids in suspected PLFI hideouts in and around Kadamdipatoli village to locate the anganwadi sevika forcing the abductors to flee leaving her behind.Police said Yadav was the main accused in the killing of Jaipal Yadav, Jagdish Yadav and Batti Devi by a Maoist squad at Sehal Tetartoli village on June 30 over a land dispute. Shivbalak Yadav, another accused in the triple murder case, had already been arrested. Hussein said Yadav was killed to avenge the triple murder.Sabitri, who is wife of a Ranchi Fire Brigade personnel, told police that the same group of PLFI men had shot at Congressman Vijay Kumar Singh on July 26. Sabitri said she overheard the PLFI men discuss the Singh shooting incident among themselves at the Kadamdipatli house where she was kept.The critically injured Singh is currently undergoing treatment at RIMS in Ranchi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15911851", "title": "Bomb hoax delays train, bag triggers panic at airport", "text": "MUMBAI: Two incidents, one a bomb hoax call involving a long-distance train and the other of an unclaimed bag at the airport, had police in a tizzy on Tuesday.The Sayaji Nagari Express was delayed for three-and-a-half hours as authorities struggled to get the bomb squad and the canine squad to travel to Dahanu station. \"An anonymous call was received at the RPF control room on Tuesday. The caller said an explosive had been planted on Sayaji Nagari Express. The train was detained at Dahanu station around 3.45pm,\" an official said. But even at 7pm, neither the dog squad nor the bomb squad had reached. \"Travelling by road to Dahanu would take too long. As local trains don't ply to Dahanu, the squads would have to take a shuttle, which is infrequent,\" the official said.Meanwhile, the train was halted at a Dahanu siding (side tracks) and thoroughly checked. WR officials said rail traffic was not disrupted due to the incident. The call was traced to a public phone booth near Borivli station. The woman who runs the booth, said she did not remember who the caller was.The other call at the international airport was handled efficiently. \"A blue briefcase was found outside Gate A of the international airport around 6.15am. The road in front was cordoned off for 40 minutes,'' said an onlooker. The BDDS did not find any explosives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15931594", "title": "Google to help Indian businesses create mobile sites", "text": "NEW DELHI: Internet giant Google has launched a new initiative to help businesses reach out to over 70 million mobile internet users in the country.Under the 'Let's talk Mo' initiative', Google will help businesses create mobile sites for free, Google said in its official blogpost.According to Nielsen Informate Insights for smartphone users 2012 study, Indian smartphone users are spending over 157 minutes daily on the mobile web (89 per cent of them are searching for information).The user-experience is, however, not optimised for the mobile screens as most Indian websites are still designed for the PC experience, it added.\"That's why starting today, Google is giving Indian businesses two options. One, create a mobile optimised site for free and second test how user friendly is your existing mobile site,\" Google India Country Head Marketing Nikhil Rungta said.Businesses will be able to see how their sites look on a smartphone using the GoMoMeter tool and get personalised recommendations for creating a more user-friendly experience.The site also provides information on current mobile trends, best practices, case studies and various other resources to help businesses develop a successful mobile presence.\"The dedicated website (http://www.letstalkmo.com/in/d/) will provide all the tools and resources that businesses need to have a presence on the mobile platform,\" Rungta said.With more and more people using their mobile phones to explore the web, it makes sense for businesses to have a website optimised for mobile sooner than later, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15917533", "title": "BMC plans to add 800 structures to heritage list", "text": "MUMBAI: The civic corporation's Mumbai Heritage Conservation Committee (MHCC) has taken its first concrete step towards expanding the list of heritage structures in the city since conservation rules were framed in 1995 by proposing to include about 800 buildings, precincts and open spaces ranging from the famous to the little-known. The municipal commissioner has invited objections and suggestions from citizens.The move to add to the current list of 633 structures drew mixed reactions, with builders, wary home-owners and even political parties protesting while conservationists called for balance and caution.The major concern comes from the stipulation under Development Control Rule 67(3) that prevents or largely restricts development, redevelopment or engineering operations, alterations, repairs and renovation without prior permission of the civic commissioner.The proposed redevelopment in Shivaji Park and of Worli's BDD Chawl and several bungalows in Bandra, Chembur, Santa Cruz and Andheri could now hit a roadblock. The list also mentions Kanheri, Mahakali and Jogeshwari caves, Powai, Tulsi and Vihar lakes, Bombay House, Cross Maidan, the Magen David Synagogue, Sydenham College and even Aaykar Bhavan near Marine Lines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15921564", "title": "South Delhi roads flooded, jammed", "text": "NEW DELHI: If Monday was bad, Tuesday was no better, specially for those travelling on south Delhi roads. Delhiites got no respite from waterlogging woes as key roads were submerged after heavy rain lashed the city. Waterlogging complaints poured in from the Defence Colony flyover, Lala Lajpat Rai Marg, Yusuf Sarai Market, Hauz Khas Market and Aurobindo Marg near Adchini, said officials.\"We faced difficulties on stretches like MB Road, Outer Ring Road and Ring Road. The Mehrauli-Mahipalpur stretch proved to be nightmare for commuters not just because of waterlogging but also because a DTC bus had broken down. As a result, a large number of vehicles had no choice but to take U-turns , causing snarls in the area,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.For a long time, commuters near Savitri Cinema couldn't take right turns from Outer Ring Road towards CR Park and GK-2 , compounding the traffic chaos on the road. Vehicles had to wade through knee-deep water on Poorvi Marg and Paschimi Marg near Outer Ring Road, resulting in traffic movement only on a single lane along these stretches. Waterlogging complaints also came in from MB Road near IGNOU, and on the stretch from Khanpur to Saket. While traffic police sent alerts to commuters to avoid these roads, providing alternate routes, Delhiites were left with hardly any options due to the evening traffic rush.Once again, the municipal corporations blamed the Public Works Department (PWD) for the mess. \"If Delhi is facing a perennial waterlogging problem, the corporation cannot be held responsible. All arterial roads belong to PWD,\" said Savita Gupta, south Delhi Mayor. PWD director (works), Deepak Panwar, did not respond to queries regarding waterlogging.Regarding reports of flooding on internal colony roads, corporation officials reasoned that saucer-shaped areas are more prone to the menace. \"We deploy machines to pump out water as per the requirement. Wherever necessary, extra pumping machine operators are stationed ,\" said an official.Meanwhile, water on roads was not the only problem on Tuesday. Residents of South Extension complained of water flowing back into their homes. \"Last year also we were faced with the same situation. Neither PWD nor the corporations are efficient. They are just siphoning off public money in the name of desilting. When the roads were with the erstwhile MCD, officials promised to deploy extra machines to pump out water. However, it remained a hollow promise. PWD is no different,\" said Manjeet Singh, joint secretary, South Extension part-I RWA. Residents in other areas like Rajouri Garden, Laxmi Nagar and Model Town also faced the same problem. Municipal corporations received 29 waterlogging complaints \u2014 25 from south Delhi \u2014 and reports of 17 fallen trees on Tuesday. Waterlogging was also reported in areas like Green Park, Saket and Azad Market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15917818", "title": "Saba also to be Naazir of Bhopal Rubaat", "text": "BHOPAL: The row over Bhopal Rubaat (guest house in the holy city of Medina) has been settled with the Mutawalli of Auqaf-e-Shahi (custodian of wakf properties) Saba Sultan also named as the Naazir (caretaker) of the Rubaat. The decision was taken in the first meeting of the advisory council of the Auqaf-e-Shahi here on Tuesday.Addressing a press conference soon after the meeting, Sharmila Tagore said, \"As per the interpretation of the High court of Medina Shareef, Naazir (caretaker) and Mutawalli (custodian) - is one.\" Tagore's daughter Saba Sultan was unable to make it to the meeting.The issue of Naazir for the Bhopal Rubaat generated controversy around March, with a section of the community demanding that the person should be one who is associated with Bhopal.\"After consultations with the Shahar Qazi Saheb and in keeping with the sentiments of the people of Bhopal, we are still appointing Fahim Rizvi to manage the properties in Medina Shareef,\" informed Tagore.In the meeting were representatives of the erstwhile Bhopal royal family - Sharmila Tagore, Saleha Sultan, Arjumand Ali Khan while others included Sikandar Hafiz Khan, Waseem Akhtar, Omar Farooque Khattani and Azam Khan .Earlier, in July the Madhya Pradesh Waqf Board chairman, Gufran-e-Azam referring to an email from Saba Sultan had announced the name of Sohail Ahmed as the Naazir. However, Tagore called it a 'miscommunication' and refused to comment on the matter. \"We are here only to discuss the first meeting of the board,\" she said.She also said that the trust has sufficient funds and a new Rubaat would be constructed in Mecca as the existing is marked for demolition by Saudi authorities. Till the new Rubaat is contructed, arrangements would be made by taking some property on lease to facilitate pilgrims during Haj.Earlier, on the side-lines of the meeting, Sharmila confronted about two dozen corporators from Bhopal who tried to storm into the advisory board meeting. They were insisting on appointing of a person as Naazir who has an association with Bhopal. The corporators calmed, after they learnt of the appointment of Fahim Rizvi for a year.Meanwhile, sources close to the Shahar Qazi - Syed Mustaq Ali Nadvi, suggested that a permanent appointment of Rizvi, would have resolved the issue for good. The next meeting of the advisory board is slated for December.She came, she saw, she conqueredSharmila calmed the agitated municipal councilors with her pleasing simile. The agitated members gave in on learning about the appointment of Rizvi as Naazir.Saudi citizen Fahim Rizvi with Bhopal association would be Vakeel (advisor) in Medina ShareefA new Rubaat (guest house) for Mecca Shareef in the offering as the present is marked for demolitionFirst meeting of Auqaf-i-Shahi in 13 yearsRubaats would be reserved for people of Bhopal in Holy month of Ramzan and during HajjEviction order served to Tayiba Bi's all-girls school, Madarsa Hayaat-ul-Uloom - withdrawn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15912006", "title": "Ex-collector had rejected Sancheti\u2019s application", "text": "MUMBAI: IAS officer and former Mumbai collector I A Kundan on Tuesday told the Adarsh judicial commission that she had initially refused to approve Sancheti family scion Paramveer Sacheti's name for membership to the controversial housing society. The membership was subsequently approved by then revenue minister Patangrao Kadam.Kundan, who herself was allotted a flat in Adarsh, said that she did not know that a retired army officer who was allotted a flat in the society was actually based in New Zealand.Paramveer is BJP MP Ajay Sancheti's nephew and the son of Abhay Sancheti and brothers Ajay and Abay are partners of San Finance Corporation, under the scanner for giving unsecured loans to 10 Adarsh members. An application filed in the Bombay high court has sought a probe SFC's deals, which it has claimed were benami transactions.Kundan said she had informed the society that she had not approved membership applications filed by Paramveer and six others, including former army chiefs Deepak Kapur and N C Vij. \"I informed the society that the names of Ankit Podhar and Paramveer Sancheti cannot be approved for membership,\" Kundan said, responding to questions from senior advocate Dipan Merchant and advocate Bharat Zhaveri.Paramveer had earlier, during recording of his statement before the commission last month, admitted that his membership application was not approved by Kundan. \"The reason given for rejection was that I had not submitted income-tax returns for three preceding years,\" Paramveeer had told the commission. He had added that he challenged the collector's rejection before then revenue minister (Kadam), who allowed the appeal and set aside the collector's order in February 2009.Kundan also told the commission that she was not informed that retired Navy Captain Pravin Kumar, whose name she had approved for membership in Adarsh in 2010, had relocated to New Zealand and had even become a citizen in 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15915835", "title": "Twin rallies choke traffic", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee, who opposes holding meetings and processions on a weekday, seems to have made an exception for her party. As thousands of Trinamool Chhatra Parishad supporters headed for Mayo Road to hear the party leaders on Tuesday, traffic was reduced to a crawl in parts of south and central Kolkata.Moreover, private buses were also pulled off the roads to ferry party supporters to the venue. The vice-president of Bengal Bus Syndicate, Deepak Sarkar, said: \"Nearly 1,000 of the 5,000 buses were hired for today's meeting. The shortage was felt more by commuters in the suburbs than in the city.\"This union is headed by Trinamool MLA Swarna Kamal Saha. Members of the Joint Council of Bus Syndicates said that 15% of the total 6,500 buses registered under their union were taken off the roads. \"There is already a dearth of buses in Kolkata. It hit a new low on Tuesday,\" rued Tapan Banerjee, joint-secretary of the syndicate.Unlike the TMCP, the meeting of the Congress-led Chhatra Parishad was held indoors at Mahajati Sadan. But the rows of vehicles parked between Girish Park and MG Road along CA Avenue, left little space for traffic. The back-to-back rallies also had its share of skirmishes between rival supporters. However, no formal complaints were lodged.Police said the Trinamool supporters arrived at Mayo Road from four major points - Hazra, Shyambazar, Sealdah and Howrah station. \"Traffic never came to a complete halt. Only when the processions passed a particular road that traffic was closed on that stretch,\" said DCP (Traffic) Dilip Adak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15918788", "title": "For now, same fare for all rickshaws", "text": "PUNE: Autorickshaws running on any fuel will continue to charge fares applicable to petrol-driven rickshaws. This, until a government policy is framed on the matter.The P M A Hakeem committee, appointed by the government to determine auto fare structure for the state, has highlighted the problem faced in Pune where the number of CNG-run rickshaws has exceeded petrol-run rickshaws. However, petrol-based fare structure applies to all rickshaws, even if it runs on CNG, LPG or diesel.The one-man committee, which has derived various formulae for determining fares for vehicles running on different fuels, has recommended separate fare structures. \"If it is not feasible to allow vehicles using each type of fuel to charge the rate applicable for them, then the transport officials will have to consider two highest number of vehicles plying on two different types of fuel. Fares applicable for autorickshaws using more expensive fuel may be allowed till the number of vehicles using the cheaper of these two fuels is less than using the more expensive fuel,\" the committee recommended.The report states that in Pune, about 37% rickshaws operate on petrol, 45% on CNG, 14% on LPG and the rest on diesel. However, fare remains the same even though petrol costs much more than CNG. The committee which has submitted its report to the government says that at present the problem is confined to Pune. However, it is likely to crop up in other cities in due course of time as the sale of CNG picks up.\"In Mumbai and Thane cities, all autorickshaws now operate on CNG. In Navi Mumbai, practically all of them run on CNG, barring a few that use petrol. Till recently (April 2012) in Navi Mumbai, all rickshaws were allowed to charge petrol fares, though the proportion of CNG vehicles was very high (over 80%), but not 100%. Since the proportion of CNG vehicles has now reached almost 100%, all are required to charge fares applicable to CNG rickshaws,\" the Hakeem report states.\"Allowing CNG vehicles to charge fare applicable to petrol vehicles, even when the proportion of CNG vehicles may be 60 or 70 or even 80%, is unfair to passengers, who are deprived of any benefit of the use of CNG. Further, there is no incentive for autorickshaws operating on petrol to switch over to CNG. And finally, switch over to the lower rate applicable to the CNG vehicles, when the proportion of CNG vehicles practically reaches 100% leads to resentment and even strike (as it happened in Navi Mumbai recently). Though at present the problem is confined to Pune, it is likely that such problems will come up in other cities in due course, as the distribution of CNG picks up and it is therefore necessary to have a clear and satisfactory policy,\" the report states.Convenor of Rickshaw Panchayat Nitin Pawar said that the number of autorickshaws running on CNG is about 19,000 while those running on petrol is 25,000. \"Autorickshaw drivers are facing endless problems due to inadequate number of outlets dispensing CNG. They are forced to get their vehicles converted to CNG. There is no choice for us. We will accept the choice of fare structure when autorickshaw drivers have a choice to operate their vehicles on any type of fuel and also when all types of fuel are easily available,\" Pawar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "15916166", "title": "Calangute brawlers out on bail: Police", "text": "CALANGUTE: All the eight persons who were arrested following a brawl between a group of tourists from Rajasthan and taxi drivers at Calangute on Monday have been released on bail, said the Calangute police.Five taxi drivers and three tourists had been arrested following the brawl on Monday, which left seven tourists from Jaipur and a taxi driver from Keri injured. All the seven injured tourists have also been discharged from the GMC where they had been admitted for treatment.The group of tourists, students of a computer institute in Jaipur, left Goa on Tuesday morning. The five taxi drivers who were involved in the assault against the students have been charged under Sections 143, 144, 147, 148, 427, 324 read with 34 of the Indian Penal Code. Apart from assaulting the students, they also allegedly damaged the bus in which the tourists had travelled, causing a loss of 20,000.Following a counter-complaint by a taxi driver, Gajanan Sopte, who was allegedly assaulted by the students, the police have registered an offence under Sections 143, 147, 324 r/w 149 IPC against three of the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15915686", "title": "Prisoners take sere route to escape Presidency jail", "text": "KOLKATA: Two undertrials escaped from Presidency correctional home, considered one of the most high-security prisons in the state. Till evening, the jail authorities did not accept that the inmates had escaped. Instead, they said that both were missing. But sources confirmed that the duo was not found during the evening count of inmates.The two inmates, Mohammad Sabuj and Mohammad Ali Ahmed, are in their early 20s and Bangladeshi nationals. Joint CP (crime) P K Ghosh said that both were arrested on May 21, 2012 and booked under the Foreigners Act.Jail sources said that the prisoners, lodged in ward numbers 21 and 22, used to work as sweepers on the jail premises. They had free access inside the jail due to their work.Sources said they were found during the morning count when they came out of their cells. Thereafter, the warder couldn't locate them. Initially, guards searched inside the jail but the two remained untraced. In the afternoon, jail officials informed the Kolkata Police and an alarm was raised.Sources said that taking advantage of their job as sweepers, they might have used the sewerage channel to flee. Later in the afternoon, jail guards recovered two pairs of sandals near the kitchen of the jail located on the rear of the premises, which is close to the canal outside.After an initial probe, the jail officials suspect that the rear kitchen portion was the escape route where they might have used a sewerage channel. Senior jail officials also visited the jail premises in the afternoon. Hastings police station officials also initiated a probe, apart from the departmental probe started by the jail department.The jail break once again exposed the poor security arrangements in the jails. More than 10 Maoist prisoners are now lodged in Presidency Jail, where some dreaded gangsters are also cooling their heels. Nearly a year back, an inmate fled in a garbage truck dodging all jail guards. However, he was arrested again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15913441", "title": "63 Indian, Pak agents held for spying: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: As many as 14 Pakistani spies were either arrested or neutralized in various states across the country during the last three years, the government said on Tuesday. There were also 49 Indians who were arrested for espionage during this period, taking the total arrests to 63 for such activities.Replying to a question on the issue, Minister of state for Home Jitendra Prasad said in a written reply: \"Out of 63 agents, 53 were neutralised in the border states (Rajasthan-9, Himachal Pradesh-3, Uttar Pradesh-5, Punjab-24, Jammu and Kashmir-1, Maharashtra-1, Tripura-2, Bihar-1 and Uttarakhand-3). Among them, 49 were Indians and 14 Pakistani nationals.\"He said 26 agents were arrested in 2009, 18 in 2010, 14 in 2011 and five between January and August 20, this year. \"Out of the 63 arrested agents, three were found to have been involved in criminal activities such as being in possession of illegal arms and Fake Indian Currency Notes,\" he said.The Government is pursuing a well-coordinated and multi-pronged approach to tackle espionage activities including strengthening of border management to check illegal cross border activities, strengthening of state and central intelligence machinery and upgrade of police and security forces with advanced sophisticated weapons and communication system, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15922754", "title": "Newspaper section may face closure", "text": "NEW DELHI: It has been four months since the staff of the Hardayal Municipal Public Library was paid its salary. With the trifurcation of MCD earlier this year, there was initially some confusion over the jurisdiction of this library with 31 branches across the city. The Chandni Chowk region, where the central library and the head office are, falls under the North Delhi Municipal Corporation . The official NDMC budget estimate lists \"Grant-in-aid to Hardayal Mpl. Public Library\" as Rs 3 crore for 2012-13 .The honorary secretary of the library, Yashpal Arya, says he will have to shut down the newspaper section by next month if he does not receive funds. HMPL's newspapers section that subscribes to 31 newspapers from the English, Hindi and Urdu press is open to all. \"There are so many students who have done their PhDs from here. I only have hope until the end of August,\" says Arya.The staff have submitted a memo to chief minister Sheila Dikshit asking for release of provisional funds for salaries and other expenses. A copy of the memo bearing the CM's handwritten note to NDMC commissioner PK Gupta is with TOI. \"There are audit problems. We are looking into it,\" said Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15915516", "title": "Varsity teachers, officials to face yearly appraisal", "text": "KOLKATA: University teachers can no longer get away with 'bunking' classes or poor tutoring skills. For, their performance will soon be assessed on the basis of feedback taken from meritorious students and several other parameters.\"We have urged the vice-chancellors to draw up a mechanism to assess the performance of teachers and officers. We will call it the academic audit. We'll hold a meeting in September to decide the criteria and find out how far the universities have proceeded,\" said Abhijeet Chakraborty, the vice-chairman of the West Bengal State Council of Higher Education (WBSCHE), after a meeting with the VCs of all the state universities on Tuesday.In case of teachers, feedback will be taken from meritorious students who retain 75% attendance. The teachers will also get a chance to self-evaluate their performance. \"They will have to mention the number of publications, the research activities undertaken by them, doctoral students under their guidance and also the number of classes taken by them,\" said Chakraborty.The officers' evaluation will be done by visitors and teachers interacting with them, superior officers and also students. \"How quickly officers complete their work will also be a component in their assessment,\" Chakraborty said.The performance audit will be done once a year and universities will have to submit the reports to the state higher education council. Chakraborty said the performance audits may even be extended to evaluate the VCs at a later stage. \"The proposal to appraise VCs has already been accepted in principle by Jadavpur University. At the next meeting, I shall discuss the matter with the VCs,\" he added.\"This system is already prevalent in the Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) and other central institutes of repute,\" said a senor official of Sidhu Kanhu University. \"Some state universities, too, have adopted academic audit. Hence, it is not a new idea. But we will have to ratify the decision in our executive council \u2014 the highest decision-making body \u2014 before it is incorporated in the functioning of the university.\"Chakraborty said the decision was taken to improve the work culture of the universities. \"Over time, several anomalies have been pointed out and complaints lodged. This academic audit will ensure smooth functioning and better quality. Moreover, education minster Bratya Basu had instructed me to convince the VCs and convey the message so that the process can begin. Basu had already informed the VCs about the decision in March,\" he added.On Tuesday, the WBSCHE also requested the VCs to come up with a common syllabus so that students appearing in the common post-graduation admission test face no difficulty. \"A uniform calendar in all state universities is also much needed. The examination schedule should be uniform,\" said Chakraborty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15916562", "title": "Jose Rebello to head Goa board", "text": "PANAJI: Jose Remedios Rebello, principal of Fr Agnelo Multipurpose higher secondary school, Verna, has been finalized as the new chairperson of the Goa board of secondary and higher secondary school by the state government on Tuesday.Sources in the government said that Rebello's name was finalized and a notification, to this effect, will be issued soon. The post was vacant for more than six months after the term of chairperson Merwyn D'Souza ended.Goa board vice-chairperson Farell Furtado was holding charge as chairperson since.Rebello, besides being the principal of the Verna higher secondary, also headed the Higher secondary principals' forum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15912066", "title": "Founder's Day celebrations", "text": "Ryan International School, Chandigarh and Ryan International, Mohali, culminated their week-long celebration of the Founder's Day on Tuesday, with a special assembly to mark the birthday of founder mentor Dr Augustine F Pinto. The day was celebrated with fervor, zest and enthusiasm in the school. An extravaganza of activities were conducted from montessori classes to Class XII. All activities were designed to contribute towards all-round development of young Ryanites. Competitions like inter-house solo song, instrumental music, birthday card making and a number of worksheets on the topics related to health, care and living, values and discover India were organized. Tree plantation was specially done by the various eco clubs of the school. The NSS unit of the school visited Old Age Home while the school parliament members went to the Blind School and distributed savouries and sweets. Meanwhile, Ryan International School, Mohali conducted a special assembly wherein chairman of Ryan International Group of Institution, Dr Augustine Pinto's vision was presented through enactment. As a part of celebration, students visited Pingalwara in Palsora village and donated grocery items and clothes for the inmates there.Students honouredThe students and staff of DAV Senior Public School, Surajpur, brimmed with pride as the Class XII CBSE board result was a great achievement. This commendable achievement by the students has once again proved that despite being located at the remote and rural area, the facilities provided by the school at the academics front are at par excellence with the school of urban areas. Students were honoured by principal Anuja Sharma. She said, \"Sky is not the limit. The youth of today must explore the heights beyond sky if they want their dreams to be true in such a competitive world.\"Radio ShowDAV Public School, Phase X, Mohali, organized a radio show and skit for the students of classes XI and XII. Students enthusiastically participated in the show. Various topics like riddles, school news, jokes, amazing facts and songs were given to the students. The main attraction of the show was the interview of Kapil Sibbal, who highlighted CCE oattern. Principal Dr Rosy Sharma applauded the efforts of the students and encouraged them for the future also.Tiny tots celebrate smiling weekThe kindergarten students of BMD Public School, Sector 63, Chandigarh, celebrated \"Keep smiling weekend\". It was a three-day venture. On the first day, students participated in drawing and colouring smileys. Children were told the importance of smiling and told to be always happy. On the second day, they brought a variety of snacks in the shape of \"Smiley\" in their tiffin. On the concluding day, children participated in laughter activity where they cracked jokes. Principal Navneet Kaur, said, \"It takes 72 muscles to frown, but only 14 to smile. She encouraged the students to keep smiling.\"Tree plantation day celebratedVan mahotsav was celebrated by the students of Sant Waryam Saint Memorial Public Sr Sec School, Ratwara Sahib. Principal Gurpreet Kaur and director education S Kulwant Singh Gill planted a tree with the students. A number of students from different classes also participated in the programme with great enthusiasm. Gurpreet Kaur appreciated the efforts of students to grow more trees. She said, \"Everybody should pitch in to save the environment. Each and every person should plant a tree so that we make our surroundings beautiful and pollution free.\"Students urged to undertake social serviceThree days Bharat Scouts and Guides Tritya Sopan Testing camp started today at KendriyaVidyalaya No.2, Chandimandir cantt. About 80 scouts and guides from 10 KendriyaVidyalayas including Shimla , RecongPeo and Bhanu are participating in it. District chief commissioner guides Daljit Kaur inaugurated the camp and urged the students to participate with zeal and enthusiasm. She also asked them to undertake selfless social service and work for the development of the nation.The school was also a venue for Regional Level Sports Meet-2012 Athletics Girls. About 120 students from 60 schools participated in this event. Competition for 100 mt, 600mt, 1,500mt, high jump, long jump, discuss throw and 80mt, 100mt, 110mt, hudrles were held at Tau Devi Lal Stadium, Panchkula. The school boxing team of 14 students participated at regional level and 5 students got gold medals, 3 got silver medals and 4 bronze medals.Save environment, save lifeStudents of Govt High School, Sector 32, took out a rally to convey the message of \"Save Environment, Save Life\" on earth .The rally was flagged off by headmaster Ram Kumar Sharma. Students were holding play cards and shouting slogans to create awareness among the society different competitions like paper reading, slogan writing and poster making were also organizes to celebrated save environment week.Installation ceremony", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15918650", "title": "Firemen plug chemical leak in tanker", "text": "PUNE: A tanker carrying a highly inflammable chemical, vinyl acetate monomer, developed a leakage after an unidentified vehicle brushed against it near the Dehu Road octroi post on the Pune-Mumbai highway on Tuesday morning.The fire brigade personnel of the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) managed to plug the leakage though the fumes of the chemical had in the meantime spread over Nigdi and nearby areas.The police said the driver of the tanker, Muzaffar Hussain (32), was injured in the accident. The tanker was on its way from Mumbai to deliver the chemical to a Chikhli-based company.Kiran Gawde, chief fire officer, PCMC, said, \"The chemical leaked from one of the compartments of the tanker but the leakage was plugged. The vehicle was taken to an open place along the highway and the chemical was put into 22 barrels and transported to the company in Chikhli.\"\"Vinyl acetate monomer is a highly inflammable chemical having a flash point of -9 degrees Celsius (the point at which it can catch fire). If there would have been a head-on collision or some flame near the chemical, it could have caught fire and led to an explosion. The highway stretch from Dehu Road to Nigdi is a busy stretch and nearby vehicles could have been damaged in the fire and explosion. But it was a minor mishap and the chemical did not catch fire, thus averting a major mishap,\" said Gawde.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15914748", "title": "Govt to seek more time on tiger-tourism norms", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government drafted Attorney General G E Vahnavati to argue in the Supreme Court on the tiger-tourism issue on behalf of the environment ministry even as the tribal affairs ministry decided to plead in the case to raise concerns about tribals' rights being flouted in the creation of tiger reserves. The AG is likely to seek more time from the court to decide the government's views.The apex court had earlier imposed an interim ban on tourism in the core zones of tiger reserves and gave states short time to notify buffer zones that have been pending since 2006.A chastened Centre pushed the state governments to notify the buffer zones and also tabled the eco-tourism guidelines before the apex court. The norms did not advocate a complete ban on tourism in the core areas but suggested stringent regulation of tourism enterprises in and around tiger reserves like a 10% cess on revenues and put limits on their operations.Most states did hurry to notify the buffers but it led a flurry of protests in several states, including Tamil Nadu , Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra. The influential tourism lobby too pushed the pedal within the government to try and get the interim ban lifted as well as dilute the proposed tourism guidelines.In the last hearing of the Supreme Court, the environment ministry took a step back and sought more time to review the norms, attracting the judiciary's wrath for taking a U-turn. The apex court asked the ministry to give reasons for its turnaround and also put forth a final stance.Sources said the green ministry had deliberated upon both the concerns about eco-tourism and the buffer zones, but Vahnavati is likely to only ask for more time. AG will not present additional information over status of buffer zones and the problems linked with their hasty notification.The tribal affairs ministry is likely to raise concerns about tribals being evicted in the hasty creation of buffer zones and the rights of forest dwellers under the Forest Rights Act being glossed over.The debate about eco-tourism in tiger-bearing forests is also likely to be taken up at the meeting of the National Board of Wild Life (NBWL), to be chaired by the Prime Minister, on September 5. Valmik Thapar, as an expert non-government member of NBWL, has asked for a review of the eco-tourism guidelines that do not advocate a complete ban but put in regulations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15913286", "title": "Marginal dip in Maoist violence", "text": "NEW DELHI: Maoist violence targeting economic infrastructure in the country has seen a marginal decline in the past couple of years, the government said on Tuesday. Still, there were more than 1,100 incidents of damage to economic infrastructure by Maoists in the past three years, it said.Altogether, 163 incidents have taken place this year till July, minister of state for home Jitendra Singh told Lok Sabha in a written reply. \"There is a marginal decline in incidents of damage to economic infrastructure by the Left Wing Extremism in the country during the last three years,\" he said. There were 362 such attacks in 2009, while the same figure for 2010 and 2011 were 365 and 293, respectively.\"Since 2009, a total number of around 1,183 incidents of damage to economic infrastructure by the Maoists have been reported from different parts of the country.\"The infrastructure destroyed includes property belonging to public/private sector units, railway property, telephone exchanges, mobile towers, power infrastructure, roads, school and panchayat buildings among others. The damage in money terms runs into hundreds of crores,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15919349", "title": "Relatives of voluntary eye donors honoured", "text": "RANCHI: Family members of voluntary eye donors were on Tuesday honoured by the Kashyap Memorial Eye Bank here at a function organized by the eye bank as part of 'Eye Donation Fortnight' celebrations being observed from August 25 to September 8.Bharati Kashyap, who is the medical director of the eye bank, said the family members of those honoured included Stawantlal Nahta, Indu Tiwary, Vimal Maheshwar, Kanak Bora, Nirmal Kumar Poddar, Nabeda Devi Bhalla and Bharat Kaushik, all of whom had pledged their eye before death.\"We are happy that it is because of them we were able to give a new life to young people,\" said Kashyap adding that the beneficiaries include a budding electronic engineer to a farmer.Family members of Vimal Maheshwar said they had always tried to help people in distress. \"We immediately informed the eye bank about the death so that the cornea could be preserved for transplantation,\" said Maheshwar's son.Bharat Bora, son of Kanak Bora, said like his mother he has also pledged his eye and asked the family members to immediately inform the eye bank after his death. \"I want that eye donation started by my mother should become a family tradition,\" he said.Talking about activities of the eye bank, Kashyap said in the past two decades over 5,000 people have pledged to donate eyes with the eye bank. tnnThe eye bank has already received 260 donated corneas and transplanted 210.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15920075", "title": "BDA to prepare road map for Nabakalebar festival", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has asked the Bhubaneswar Development Authority (BDA) to prepare the proposed comprehensive mobility plan (CMP) for Jagannath's Nabakalebar festival (formation of new idols of deities) that will be celebrated at Puri in 2015.The CMP involves creation and expansion of roads for smooth movement of traffic and creation of more parking lots to accommodate an anticipated footfall of nearly 50 lakh pilgrims during the mega festival, which will be observed after 19 years.The Puri administration has been dealing with nearly 7 lakh crowd during Rath Yatra every year. Though more than 10 lakh visitors thronged Puri during 1996 Nabakalebar festival, the number is expected to rise in 2015 because of better connectivity these days. It will be an acid test for the government to handle the crowd in Puri that gets choked during Rath Yatra.Lack of parking lots and massive encroachments are a cause of concern for the administration. So the housing and urban development department (H&UD;) has asked BDA to complete the CMP by October-end. \"The process has begun. Since it involves lots of works, we are trying to finish it by this year-end,\" BDA vice-chairman Vishal Kumar Dev told TOI.\"We will conduct a study on accessibility in Puri. The connecting roads and existing space inside the city for movement of traffic would be looked into. The government will also modernize the transport facility near beach and hotels,\" Dev said.To augment the accommodation facility in Puri, it has been decided to set up temporary dwelling units, akin to Kumbh Mela. The H&UD; has asked the Puri administration to send some of its officials to Allahabad, Ujjain and Nasik to learn how those cities accommodate lakhs of tourists during religious functions. \"The study tour will be funded by the state urban development agency (SUDA), Bhubaneswar,\" a senior H&UD; officer said.Puri has around 300 small and medium-sized hotels, which can accommodate around 40,000 people. The government has decided to identity certain mutts to serve as temporary accommodation centres. But out of the 200 mutts, very few are habitable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15912031", "title": "Baby raped by two", "text": "HYDERABAD: A seventeen-month-old baby was allegedly raped by two men at Hafiz Babanagar area of Old City on Monday. The incident came to light when a rape case was registered by Kanchanbagh police against two men hailing from Kolkata. Complaints were lodged against 40-year old Mansoor and 28-year-old Hasan, who were staying at a rented house in Omer Colony.Though the child's mother reportedly caught the duo red-handed, they managed to flee. Police on Tuesday said they were yet to apprehend the culprits.\"We have registered a case under section 376 (rape) of the IPC against Mansoor and Hasan. We are interrogating the relatives of the duo, who helped them escape,\" Kanchanbagh inspector Shyam Sunder Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15912068", "title": "Senate to get six new members on Wednesday", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An engaging contest is all set to be witnessed between rival lobbies on Wednesday with new members of Panjab University's highest decision making body, Senate, to be elected comprising the six faculties.G K Chathrath and Ashok Goyal, who comprised the same strong lobby few years ago, will now be contesting against each other through their candidates. In the faculty of laws, G K Chathrath will take on Devesh Moudgil from Goyal's lobby. In the medical faculty, A S Ahluwalia, who is the dean student welfare, will take on Krishan Gauba who has been a former senator as well. In the science faculty, Naval Kishore will be contesting against Rajat Sandhir who hails from Chathrath's group. In the languages, Janmit Singh from Chathrth group will take on Keshav Malhotra, a close aid of Goyal. In the faculty of Arts, Rajesh Gill, the chairperson of sociology and women studies departments will fight against Emanuel Nahar from Chathrath's lobby. Finally in the combined faculties, seasoned senator and syndicate member Ashok Goyal will take on R K Pathak from Chathrath's lobby.The elections will kick-start at 9am and go on till 5pm with results being declared the same day.The next polling date for PU senate election will be September 10 for five seats for technical college principals and September 17 for UTT category (university teaching departments) polls. These include elections for two seats each of lecturers and professors of PU. Finally on September 23, voting will be held for 15 seats of graduate constituency, eight seats each of college lecturers and principals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15918378", "title": "Indore activists for green Ganesh Chaturthi", "text": "INDORE: The environmental activists in the city have pulled up their socks to spread awareness about environment-friendly Ganesh Chaturthi.\"We are going to run our awareness campaign 'catch them young'. Our main objective behind the campaign is to make children aware about the environmental issues,\" said Narendra Surana an environmental activist associated with CEPRD (Centre for Environment Protection and Research). \"We have been writing to various schools around the city about the campaign. We go to schools and give lectures and presentation to inform the children about the measures that need to be taken during Ganesh festival to protect our environment.\"Ganesh idols made up of clay can be used at homes. Those idols can be immersed at home itself in a bucket or a tub. Surana and his group are giving more such tips to children. \"We also suggest people to go for idols that have been painted with eco-friendly colours (colours that are lead and arsenic-free). We use attractive posters and notices to convey our message. We also plan to give some suggestions to the civic body about the issue. The major concern will be the immersion of Ganesh idols, for which we are going to suggest that temporary tanks be constructed on the banks of two major rivers -- Saraswati and Khan -- in Indore. The idols can be immersed in these temporary tanks and later on they can be disposed of properly,\" said Surana.Anil Trivedi, another environmental activist from the city, has different concerns to share. The movement by Trivedi and group is called 'Kudarat Kaam Andolan'. \"Our motive this year will be to bring down the noise pollution. We have been contacting Ganesh mandals across the city and requesting them to check noise pollution,\" said Trivedi adding also the plastic bags that are used to carry the puja samagri should be avoided.Simple ways to make this festival green:Avoid (Plaster of Paris ) PoP idols.Small idols made of clay can be easily immersed.Use idols with eco-friendly paints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15932926", "title": "H'wood cinematographer to capture Poonam's bold moves", "text": "It looks like the producers of actor Poonam Pandey's debut venture are pulling out all the stops to ensure the leggy lass's moves are captured to perfection on celluloid.With Kumar Mangat, the presenter of the film, and Eagle Home Entertainment, already on board, the production house has roped in Hollywood Cinematographer James Fowlds to the fold. Fowlds has over 30 titles under his belt and has also worked as the Director of Photography for the film Lamhaa: The untold story of Kashmir . Fowlds has shot for titles like Dark Hunters , Duplicity, Absolute Power to name a few. The production house was thrilled to announce the association with Fowlds. Actor Poonam Pandey has been working hard on workshops with the film unit for the last few weeks. The film is set to go on the floors in September, and is expected to be completed on a super strict schedule. Meanwhile, Poonam has been painting Twitter-town red with her bold pictures and sneaky peaks into her bathroom sessions. The sessions on Twitter are just the trailer of what audiences can expect to see in the bold version of Poonam's debut. And with the best man in the business to capture her bold moves, cinema goers will be in for a treat. Watch this space for more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15916088", "title": "Teen killed in serial accident", "text": "BANGALORE: An 18-year-old lift mechanic, fast asleep in a sleeper coach, was killed after a lorry rammed the bus in a serial accident at Goraguntepalya Junction on Tumkur Road early Tuesday.The pile-up involved a bus, a lorry, a car and a mini-truck.The mechanic was identified as Premraj, a resident of Mahadevapura and native of Bantwal in Dakshina Kannada district. Premraj was travelling in a Sugama Transport sleeper coach coming from Mangalore to Bangalore.Around 5.10am, the bus driver applied sudden brakes on seeing a Tata Ace mini truck (KA 06-B-8102) coming from the wrong direction at Goraguntepalya Junction near Yeshwantpur. The driver said the mini truck had occupied the whole road and left him with no space.\"I applied brakes so that the Ace could turn into the service road. A Maruti Alto car, which was coming behind my bus, also slowed down. A Haryana-based goods lorry (HR 55-L-0688) coming from behind rammed into the car, which in turn, hit the rear side of my bus,\" he said.The lorry went on to hit the Tata Ace. The car driver escaped with minor injuries. But Premraj Poojari, who was asleep in the last lower berth of the bus, sustained serious head injuries. \"He was shifted to MS Ramaiah Hospital, where doctors declared him brought dead,\" police said. Prem is survived by parents and three elder sisters.Three people in the Tata Ace including its driver were injured. The lorry driver fled the scene. The pile-up brought traffic on Tumkur Road to a standstill for nearly 30 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15911807", "title": "Keralites get ready to feast today", "text": "MUMBAI: Extended family reunions and an elaborate multi-course 'Ona sadhya' (feast) will make Wednesday's occasion of Onam special for the natives of Kerala. All communities celebrate the harvest festival that marks the annual return of the benevolent demon king Mahabali to earth.In keeping with tradition, most people begin the day with a visit to the temple. Community celebrations are usually held over the weekend as Onam day is spent with family at home.The Dahisar Malayali Samajam is organising its annual Onam get-together at the Kashi Math Hall on September 30. \"Around 1,000 people will take part in the morning celebration that begins with a floral design competition. The pookalam or flower rangoli is an important element of the festival. This will be followed by a music show that will include live drummers and flutists,\" says secretary Jyothish Prasad.Then the children will take over and perform classical dances like the Mohiniattam and Bharat Natyam. \"Once the entertainment is over, around noon, we will settle to a multi-course Onam feast comprising 25 items, rounded off by the delectable payasam. That also rounds off the celebration because after such a heavy meal, all people want to do is go home and sleep,\" laughs the secretary.Families have been stocking up banana leaves and preparing the ginger pickle beforehand. \"From the smallest member to the oldest, each one happily performs an Onam task, be it chopping vegetables or arranging the main course,\" says Mulund resident Aditi V who will visit her mother's house in Bandra for the feast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15935335", "title": "Early-stage sperm from human skin tissue to potentially help thousands of infertile men", "text": "LONDON: Scientists claim to have successfully created early-stage sperm from human skin that could potentially help infertile men, including survivors of childhood cancer, fulfill their dream of fatherhood.The breakthrough, which came by unlocking the intricacies of male reproduction, could also lead to new contraceptives and a 'miracle pill' to treat infertility, they say.For the study, the American scientists used a cocktail of chemicals to wind back the 'biological clock' in skin cells, turning them into cells with the chameleon-like powers of embryonic stem-cells, the 'Daily Mail' reported.They then used a combination of nutrients to coax them to develope into round cells which were just a few steps away from mature sperms and appeared genetically normal.The University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine team, led by Dr James Easley, believe they have cracked the most difficult part of sperm development.This means that by altering the procedure it should now be relatively easy to get to the next stage - elongated cells that, while yet to grow tails, should be able to fertilise eggs.The technique is still many years away from use in clinics, however, the science is fraught with moral and ethical concerns.Critics argue that it is wrong to meddle with the building blocks of life and warn of a future in which babies are created through entirely artificial means.Scientists have already succeeded in coaxing embryonic stem cells, which are master cells plucked from embryos in their first days of life, turning them into sperms.Using skin as a starting point would be more ethically acceptable as it would also mean the sperm would have the man's genes.The study was published in the journal 'Cell'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15913509", "title": "Two bookies arrested for Sri Lanka Premier League betting", "text": "MUMBAI: Two bookies who were accepting bets on the Sri Lanka Premier League were arrested from a flat in Malad on Monday.The police seized laptops, 14 cellphones and a TV.Shailesh Soni and Hardik Sanghvi used to place bets ranging from Rs 5,000 to 25,000.\"We have checked the laptops of the duo and found a list of people they used to deal with,\" the police said. They will be produced in court on Wednesday. \"A probe is on to find out more about their modus operandi,\" the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15917088", "title": "Cops arrest 3 more persons for Alvida namaz violence", "text": "LUCKNOW: Coming out from slumber exactly 10 days after the vandals struck Lucknow on the day of Alvida namaz with the arrest of two culprits on Monday, Lucknow police expedited the action-taking process and nabbed three more persons for indulging in vandalism on August 17.The three were identified as Suhail Ghazi, a resident of Khadra in Hasanganj police station area, Waseeq, a resident of Madheyganj locality also in Hasanganj police station area and Abdul Hakik, also a resident of Madheyganj locality. Earlier on Monday, the police had nabbed Wakil Ahmed, a resident of Takiya, Hasanganj and Mohd Amir Baksh, a resident of Ramlila Maidan, Madiaon.The police said that the three accused arrested on Tuesday were also wanted in the similar case lodged on the same day at Wazirganj police station. The three were produced in a court from where they were sent to judicial custody till September 6.The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court had taken serious view over the violence that took place after the culmination of Alvida namaz in the city on August 17 and had sought state government's reply on the next date of hearing on August 29 as to what actions it has taken for installation of new statues and bringing the culprits to book.To recall, the group, which had initially given the call for demonstration to protest against alleged violence in Assam and Burma had decided not to stage protest after persuasion by the district administration and police officials a day before. The supporters of the group were duly informed, the police had then claimed.This further had made it clear that the culprits were none other than those who wanted to vitiate the atmosphere and infuse communal hatred in a city known for its nawabi culture and communal amity. The culprits had vandalised the idols of Lord Mahavir and Lord Buddha.The hooligans manhandled camerapersons and press photographers who had grabbed their heinous act in their cameras. \"Their bid to target scribes bears testimony to the fact that they were not serious about their protest, but only wanted to vitiate the atmosphere,\" DIG (range) Navniet Sekera had told reporters on August 19 and added, hence, they either had covered their faces or wanted camerapersons not to click them indulging in vandalism.Sekera had also said that a few of the hooligans, who were involved in making an attempt to disrupt peace and harmony in the city known for its cultural values, have been identified and said that the process to take direct action against them will be expedited immediately after Eid.The process was deliberately slowed down in view of the festival to stop trouble makers taking advantage of the festival in disrupting peace of the city. Sekera had also assured of transparent and effective action against all the trouble makers who were involved in August 17 incident in the city. However, both transparent and effective action against all the trouble makers is still awaited. Meanwhile, the high court has posted the matter for next hearing on August 29. The police said that efforts are being made to arrest others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15920232", "title": "FIR against broker for breach of trust", "text": "GURGAON: An FIR was registered by Gurgaon police against a Delhi-based property dealer, who had duped a Delhi resident on the pretext of selling a flat in Gurgaon on charges of fraud and breach of trust. The accused took Rs 11.70 lakh and did not kep his word on selling the flat. The victim approached police when the accused refused to return his money.According to police, Kuldeep Sachdeva, resident of a DDA flat in Rajouri Garden, Delhi, lodged a complaint with the Sadar police station against property dealer Anup Khandelwal from Dev Nagar near Karol Bagh in Delhi.Sachdeva alleged that in March 2011 he had approached Khandelwal for buying a flat in Gurgaon. After some days, Khandelwal had called him and and took him to Gurgaon-Sohna road to show him a flat in Uppal Southend condominium and showed an agreement for Rs 11.70 lakh. Sachdeva gave him the money and Khandelwal promised to arrange the flat registration after two months. He later denied making the promise and having taken the money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15920650", "title": "Teacher rapes, kills 7-yr-old girl in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: Killing of a seven-year-old girl by a schoolteacher after raping her sparked tension in Bibitola and adjoining areas, under Bairiya police area in Ballia district on Monday night. An angry mob kept the roads blocked while markets in Bairiya, Bibitola and Raniganj remained closed on Tuesday.Annu Verma (7) was studying in class-II in a private school in Bibitola. After the school hours on Monday afternoon, a teacher identified as Prashant Shekhar Mishra asked the girl to accompany with him to collect notebooks. He took the girl at a lonely place near Ghaghar nullah behind a dalmill and allegedly raped and killed the girl.When the girl did not return till late in the evening, her family members and villagers started searching her. At night, some villagers noticed the body of girl in a field near Ghaghat nullah. Bairiya police reached the spot. After sometime, Mishra was also caught in an inebriated state. The incident led to tension in Bibitola and surrounding areas.Police sent the body for post-mortem examination. DIG Azamgarh range Ram Kumar said that the girl was killed after being raped. The accused had been arrested and sent to jail. The arrest of Mishra annoyed his supporters and they blocked the road in protest. Tension prevailed in the area. Heavy police force had been deployed in the area to avert clash between Bibitola residents and supporters of Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15918998", "title": "Centre, Assam govt must act with urgency to stop violence in the state", "text": "The violence in Assam has been going on in bursts for over a month now, considering the first incident was on July 20. It is alarming that the state and central governments working in tandem have been unable to arrest it even after such a long time. It is particularly worrying because of the signs that the tension gripping Assam could very easily spill over to other parts of the country as well. The two governments must act with urgency to put a stop to the violence in the state and act against all those fomenting it irrespective of which community they belong to.Related story: Assam toll crosses 90, Army begins search to locate weapons", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15913287", "title": "Community will rope in clerics to guide youth", "text": "MUMBAI: In the wake of the Azad Maidan violence where a section of Muslim youth went on rampage during a protest rally, some community leaders have decided to start counselling youngsters. Imams, educationists and activists will educate youngsters on the need to respect the law.A major concern for the community leaders is that many of those accused of rioting on August 11 are teenagers.\"There is anger among the youth, but the fury should be justified and not expressed in the way it was displayed on August 11. We have to take corrective measures now,\" said Farid Batatawala of Muslim Front. Counselling sessions will be held in Bandra (E), Govandi, Kurla, Jogeshwari, Dongri and Mumbra, the localities where most of the accused were picked up.Community leaders want to revive Islah-e-Muashra (reforms in society) programme, which was launched a decade ago.\"Soon we will call a meeting of imams and ask them to explain the Islamic way of protest,\" said activist M A Khalid, who was part of the delegation that met police chief Satya Pal Singh on Monday. \"Youngsters need to realize that there are peaceful means to get their grievances addressed,\" said former Congress MLA Yusuf Abrahni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15916301", "title": "16 fresh IPS officers inducted to UP Police", "text": "LUCKNOW: A batch of 16 new IPS officers joined the Uttar Pradesh Police on Tuesday after they were awarded UP cadre by the Union ministry of home affairs and department of personnel.The induction is sure to help the police department to meet the requirement of additional hands. With a sanctioned cadre strength of 404 IPS officers, UP had 346 officers facing a shortage of 58 officers. The induction of 16 more IPS officers, three of them are women, the shortage gap between sanctioned and available strength of the IPS cadre has been reduced to 42.The Uttar Pradesh government had recently address the issue of shortage of IPS officers after a question was raised in the first assembly session of the Akhilesh Yadav government on the efforts that the government was initiating to fill up the gap between the sanctioned and available strength of IPS cadre in Uttar Pradesh.Senior officers believe that the induction of 16 fresh IPS officers, who have completed their training at the police academy was sure to help the state police handle district level policing in a better way.Earlier, the state government was virtually compelled to overlook the need of initiating action against the poor performers in the IPS cadre due to the existing shortage of hands. With 16 fresh IPS officers in hand, the induction will automatically result in mounting pressure on the IPS officer to perform well at the district police level.The new batch will first be attached to district police chiefs to complete their probation part of the training which will last around 10 months after which they would be given the chance to handle the designated posts independently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15916763", "title": "Bid to shut down liquor shop fails", "text": "NASHIK: The attempt by local women from Satpur's municipal ward no.17 to close down two liquor shops through a referendum is likely to go in vain for want of sufficient signatures. State excise officials scrutinizing the signatures found that that only 10% of women in the ward are against the two country liquor shops.There are 9,744 women voters in municipal ward no 17 and according to regulation at least 25% of women's signatures are required to conduct a poll. If 50% or more women vote against the existence of the shop, it is then shut down.Officials said that women had submitted a memorandum containing 5,348 signatures. The officials closely scrutinised 2,136 women signatories at random and found that only 970 of them were valid signatures belonging to ocal women. The rest were rendered invalid for various reasons. 912 women were not on the voter list, 222 signatures were not genuine, additionally, there were 26 names but no signatures and there were six women in the voters list, who were not mentioned in the memorandum.With officials pointing out that of the total women electorate of 9,744, only 970 had demanded a poll, there was no possibility of holding the poll to initiate shutting down the concerned establishments.The initiative against the liquor shops was taken by local Congress corporator Dinkar Patil, who had staged a dharna and led a delegation to the state excise department. Subsequently, as per government norms, the department initiated the process. A camp had also been put up in the Shramik Nagar and Shivaji Nagar areas of Satpur on Saturday and Sunday wherein the exercise of verifying the signatures was undertaken.Officials said that as per the government orders, the voters' list is considered given more significance than the location of the residents. According to norms, if more than 25% women of a particular area present a written memorandum to close a liquor shop, the state excise has to verify if the signatures are genuine. down the liquor shop.Officials said that the final decision would rest with the District Collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15918026", "title": "Rahul playing hide &amp; seek with UP?", "text": "LUCKNOW: Poor response to the ongoing membership drive in the youth wing of the Congress has brought to the fore a question that has been simmering within the Congress for quite sometime. Where is Rahul Gandhi ? Months after having promised to never give up on Uttar Pradesh, even if the party performed poorly, the general secretary has only clocked three whirlwind trips to the state - twice to his constituency and once to Allahabad.Even the increase in vote share to 11.63% in 2012 assembly polls from 8.61% in 2007 and increase in the number of seats (albeit to 28 from 2007 tally of 22) failed to attract the Congress general secretary to the state. According to party workers, who had thrown their collective weight behind the Gandhi scion, Rahul's absence in the months that followed is tantamount to reneging on his poll promises.Wielding his powerful surname, Rahul was expected to turn the party's fortunes, taking them to new highs. A Congress leader said, \"As far as Rahul's own contribution is concerned, he did everything he could to resuscitate the party. It is the state leadership that failed to capitalise on his ability to pull crowds. If the blame game is played, then the fault clearly lies with all the senior Congress leaders in UP and not with Rahul.\"Even Rahul's decision to stay in New Delhi, the party insiders say, is \"strategic\". \"There are a series of key changes that are being planned for the Congress, starting from changes in the ministry, the All India Congress Committee as well as the Uttar Pradesh Congress Committee. If Rahul is not in UP right now, it is because these decisions are being meticulously considered and being given final shape in his office,\" a senior leader and Gandhi family confidante said.Among key plans Rahul appears to have made for UP, there is, on the cards, the launch of a large-scale mass agitation against the incumbent Samajwadi government in October this year. \"Changes in the UPCC will be effected after the monsoon session of the Parliament (between September 8 and 15),\" a Lucknow-based leader said. As per Rahul's plans, a month after the reorganisation of the state party on the zonal lines, Congress leaders will take up local, area-wise issues and build mass movements.For those who have been waiting for Rahul to keep his word of returning to make a public appearance in UP, the wait will only end in October. \"In fact, several other senior leaders of the party, including Priyanka and Sonia Gandhi may also come to UP then,\" a Congress leader said.However, for the average Congress worker, the wait now seems to be increasingly gruelling. In Maharajganj, for instance, local Congress leadership is unable to explain to the local masses why Japanese Encephalitis could not be tackled, or why the promised of bijli, sadak and paani have also not been met. In flood-affected Bahraich, too, the situation is the same. Believed to be among the strongest districts, apart from Rae Bareli and Amethi, where Congress registered its presence, the party's fortunes have now been dented. \"Senior ministers are making irresponsible statements stating that inflation is beneficial for farmers, the roads are in poor shape and the internal politics within the Congress ranks has made the party fragmented. Rahul's presence, in this situation could have made an adhesive effect, in keeping these divided forces together. Without his appeal though, the party organisation takes a beating,\" a Congress functionary from Bahraich said.In New Delhi, though, opinions on Rahul's need in UP differ drastically. A senior parliamentarian said Rahul is regarded as national property. \"If he spends time in UP, other states complain of being neglected. The state of UP remains Rahul's priority, because it is also happens to be his home constituency, but to expect him, as a national leader to attend to micro concerns of the state is unreasonable.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15917418", "title": "Bandh against grenade attack cripples Churachandpur", "text": "IMPHAL: Life in Churachandpur district came to a grinding halt on Tuesday owing to a dawn-to-dusk bandh called jointly by three student bodies to denounce Friday's grenade attack at the private residence of the District Rural Development Agency (DRDA) executive director C Hangshing by suspected Kuki militants.At least two persons, including Hangshing's brother and an infant girl, were injured in the attack triggered at the official's Yangtom Lamka residence in Churachanpur on Friday evening. The two are currently undergoing treatment at two separate hospitals in Imphal.Incidentally, an aged man was also gunned down at the same town by a delinquent police constable during a reception ceremony of Olympic bronze medalist MC Mary Kom on Sunday.Owing to the bandh called by the Churachandpur District Students' Union (CDSU), Kuki Students' Organization (KSO) and Zomi Students' Federation (ZSF), business establishments in all towns of the Kuki-Chin-Mizo dominated district bordering Mizoram were closed. No vehicles plied on the roads.Though the motive behind the attack is yet to be ascertained, police suspect that it might be linked to a monetary demand slapped by the militants. Strongly condemning the incident, leaders of student bodies lambasted the government for not providing security to the official.On Monday, residents of Singjamei area in Imphal West demonstrated in protest against the hurling of a hand grenade near the residence of an assistant engineer of the state-run Loktak Development Agency (LDA). The grenade was found near the engineer Kumarjit's house on Sunday morning. Bomb experts from Manipur police department safely retrieved the grenade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15909753", "title": "Study: Overuse contaminates groundwater in Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: The state's groundwater has been contaminated due to overexploitation, samples tested by the Central Groundwater Board show. A study by the board, which is part of the Union water resources ministry, has painted an alarming picture. Intense extraction of groundwater and use of fertilisers have resulted in the groundwater being polluted by a high content of chloride, fluoride and nitrates, posing a threat to public health.The board's latest chemical quality data shows that of the 451 samples taken from all districts of Tamil Nadu , 38 contained high levels of chloride (more than 1000 mg per litre), 48 had high fluoride content (1.5 mg/l) and 161 had high levels of nitrate (more than 45 mg/l).High chloride content is a pointer to overextraction of groundwater. Rock beds contain fluoride and water extracted from deeper levels has higher concentration of the toxic compound. Increased use of fertilisers has contributed to high content of nitrate in groundwater.None of 10 samples taken in Chennai in 2011 contained chloride or fluoride above permissible levels. \"This is because rainwater harvesting has improved,\" said Shekar Raghavan of the NGO Rain Centre. \"The municipal water supply has been good to prevent overexploitation of groundwater, leading to chloride and fluoride contamination.\"But the situation is bad in Coimbatore, Namakkal, Perambalur, Ramanathapuram, Salem, Thanjavur and Vellore, where there is urgent need for government intervention.Seawater intrusion into Nagapattinam, Thanjavur and Tiruvarur districts had prompted the state to declare eight blocks in these districts as 'critical'. All major industrial projects have been frozen in these blocks. \"Existing water bodies are being ruined by effluents from tanneries and people tend to extract groundwater excessively,\" said K Santhanam, senior scientist, Centre for Water Research, Sathyabhama University.In areas like Coimbatore, Salem and Erode, industrialists even use air compressors instead of pump sets to draw groundwater, he said.Experts say in Venandur in Rasipuram taluk in Namakkal district it is hard to find water even at a depth of 1,500 ft. \"With the available water bodies not being used due to pollution, demand for groundwater will be even greater in the future,\" said K Kalidasan, founder, OSAI, a Coimbatore- based environmental organisation. \"There now are borewells even in the foothills of Western Ghats. This could affect the flow of streams in course of time.\"Former public health deirector S Elango said the government has to intervene to ensure that potable drinking water is provided to the affected districts. \"The presence of chloride and fluoride has to be checked immediately,\" he said.Latest chemical quality data shows that of the 451 samples taken from all districts of Tamil Nadu, 38 contained high levels of chloride (more than 1000 mg per litre), 48 had high fluoride content (1.5 mg/l) and 161 had high levels of nitrate (more than 45 mg/l).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "15912213", "title": "A talent hunt with surprises", "text": "CIVIL LINES: Around 60 students enthusiastically participated in a talent hunt competitions held at Gujranwala Guru Nanak Khalsa College. Students showcased their innate talents in a number of events ranging from music and dances to rangoli competitions and group discussions.The event started with the recitation of Shabad Kirtan, where students and staff sought the blessings of Almighty. At the occasion, principal Dr Gurudev Singh highlighted the importance of cultural activities in academic life and inspired students to take active part in extra curricular activities. Later the event came alive with student performances on Punjabi songs, Boliya, Sufi songs and raps. The students presented self composed songs and played instruments, leaving the crowd spell bound. The self-composed songs were presented with great originality and skill.It was an amazing and remarkable event as students cheered, clapped and supported each performer as they rocked the stage. Rangoli and group discussion were also part of the function. Harpreet Singh from BA final year came first, while Amarpal Singh from BCom second year got the second prize. Jatin from BA first year stood third. The winners will be participating in the youth festival to be held in September by Panjab University. Prof M S Chhabra congratulated and applauded the winners and urged them to actively participate in such ventures which lead to personality development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15909612", "title": "Assam toll crosses 90, Army begins search to locate weapons", "text": "GUWAHATI: With violence continuing in the riot-hit state, the Army on Tuesday launched one of its biggest search operations ever in six districts of lower Assam to seize illegal arms and explosives that have repeatedly been used to spread terror.However, despite the huge presence of security forces, the state remained on the boil with one miscreant killed in Barpeta during a group clash while another person was killed in police firing late at Pakharitol village in Dhubri district on Monday night. With another body found in Kokrajhar on Tuesday, the death toll stood at 91.There was tension in Barpeta where several houses were torched. Barpeta deputy commissioner Siddharth Singh told TOI that around 25 houses in Khoirabari were set on fire. One local was killed and 28 injured. \"Police had to open fire to bring the situation under control. Police and Army personnel have been deployed,\" he said.\"The Army is out and is helping us. It has been given full powers to seize illegal arms and ammunition and I believe we will get results very soon,\" said chief minister Tarun Gogoi.The Army was requisitioned by the government on July 25 to help the administration in controlling ethnic clashes in lower Assam. Defence sources said, \"The Army's focus has now shifted to seizing all illegal weapons. There are explosives, too, and the Army's job is to push its intelligence gathering and get hold of all these weapons. There are reports that even normal people with no links with rebel outfits may be armed.\"Nearly 2,000 troops are deployed in virtually every nook and cranny of Kokrajhar, Dhubri, Bongaigaon, Chirang, Baksa and Nalbari districts in lower Assam.Tuesday was also the second straight day of violence-marred day of Assam Bandh, this time called by All Assam Minority Students' Union (Aamsu) and 30 other minority organizations in protest against attacks on Muslims in the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) areas.Police lathi-charged to disperse stone-pelting mobs that also attacked mediapersons. Aamsu and the minority bodies have formed a forum called the United Movement for People's Rights (UMPR) demanding President's Rule and ouster of the Tarun Gogoi-led state government.In Sonitpur, the Tezpur circle officer's car and one police vehicle were burnt. Curfew was imposed on Barpeta Road and in some parts of Tezpur. The police also fired in Jogighopa in Bongaigaon. Violent incidents were also reported from Morigaon and Nagaon and Sivsagar. Protesters burnt effigies of Mohilary, L K Advani and Bodo women's activist Anjali Daimary.Gogoi accused BJP and AIUDF of making provocative statements and reiterated his appeal to all political parties and outfits to refrain from calling bandhs. \"I am not happy with the way BJP and AIDUF and some other groups are making provocative statements,\" Gogoi said, adding, \"This is a crisis hour and everybody should exercise restraint.\"Several Muslim organizations as well AIUDF leader and MP Badruddin Ajmal, without taking names, strongly alleged that there are a large number of illegal weapons in the Bodoland Territorial Area Districts and demanded they be immediately seized.Times ViewThe violence in Assam has been going on in bursts for over a month now, considering the first incident was on July 20. It is alarming that the state and central governments working in tandem have been unable to arrest it even after such a long time. It is particularly worrying because of the signs that the tension gripping Assam could very easily spill over to other parts of the country as well. The two governments must act with urgency to put a stop to the violence in the state and act against all those fomenting it irrespective of which community they belong to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15930976", "title": "Clean Clear Calcutta Times Fresh 2012", "text": "They are a hip and happening lot and as they trooped in for the Clean Clear Calcutta Times Fresh 2012, they sure made heads turn.The auditions rocked at Bhawanipur Education Society. Shirtless hunks, grooving girls \u2014 the auditorium was full of interesting people, all gunning for the winning runs. The girls were especially enthusiastic. And why not? Two of them would get a chance to be the face of Clean &amp; Clear.Rap It Up: Ayush was candid about his passion for driving. \"I have been driving cars and bikes since I was in class VIII,\" he said. Emcee Sidhu was prompt enough to catch him on the wrong foot! \"Isn't it illegal?\" he laughed. It was then time for Tanrea to entertain the audience with his rapping skills. However, Mohammed Mirsab Ali, who took Sidhu's dare head on, decided to go shirtless. The girls were delighted!BLIND SPOT: Surprises were in store for the final round. Ahona Chakraborty decided to do something different. She walked up to the stage blindfolded and danced to Jale mere naina. No wonder she walked away with the second runner-up's title. With her belly dancing drawing gasps of wonder from the crowd, Parnashabari Dutta became the first runner-up. However, it was Shilpi Singh, who impressed judge Abhishek Dutta , with her dancing skills and a killer attitude. Among the guys, Manav Sachdev was adjudged the second runner-up and Rahul Agarwal grabbed the first runner-up position. Mirsab Ali \u2014 in a shirtless, macho avatar that drew lots of ceetees \u2014 clinched the winner's title. Now you too can become your college's fresh face. Just log on to itimes.com/freshface to participate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15912216", "title": "Mumbai: Environment reports an exercise in futility?", "text": "MUMBAI: The city's environmental deterioration does not seem to be making any difference to the civic administration or its elected representatives. Little or no follow up action has ever been initiated on the annual environmental status report that civic staff bring out every year.The report, an index of the city's water, air and noise standards, is circulated every year to all corporators and senior officials under the BMC Act, but its findings have never been debated in the civic general body.Sources said the report is treated merely as an annual exercise in civic corridors and no policy decisions are taken to improve falling standards. \"The report is ignored to a great extent. The civic body has done its duty to the environment only to the extent of curbing the use of thin plastic,\" said a former corporator.Bhalchandra Shirsat, former BJP corporator and improvement committee chairman says during his decade-long tenure in the BMC, there never was any debate in the general body over the report's findings. \"Treating the sewerage effluents before disposing of them in the sea is at most what the civic body does as environmental responsibility,\" said Shirsat.The civic body's environment department is redundant, with senior posts like the chief engineer (environment) and deputy municipal commissioner (environment) either vacant or given as additional charge to others, affecting the efficiency of the department.Officials say one reason why the BMC could have woken up to alarming water contamination levels highlighted by the same report in the past is because the supply of clean drinking water is its primary mandate. \"Senior officials often label the report's findings as 'misguiding' rather than taking cognizance and adopting constructive measures,\" said a civic official who is in-charge of conducting the tests and making the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15909885", "title": "Software to check plagiarism among medicos", "text": "CHENNAI: The state medical university will use software to prevent students using the internet to cheat with their theses and research. The anti-plagiarism web tool was launched by Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University vice-chancellor Mayil Vahanan Natarajan on Tuesday.The university has made it mandatory for all research works to be certified as original by the guide and head of institutions before they are submitted for assessment. Students will have to submit the research work online. \"Students can log into the university webpage and submit their research work. The tool can detect sentences and paragraphs that have been copied from works already published,\" said register S Mini Jacob.The university will debar students found guilty of plagiarism, officials said. The varsity has also asked medical colleges to inform students that plagiarism is a crime. They will also be taught about laws that govern copyright issues.There has been a spurt in instances of research students downloading essays from the internet and passing them off as their own. We found that an increasing number of students, including undergraduates, are plagiarising homework, projects, dissertation and research, Dr Natarajan said. \"Students often justify this trend by claiming that they are under greater academic pressure,\" he said.The problem started shortly after the university made it mandatory for the postgraduate medical students to publish at least one work of research.Doctors who teach medicos say that many students copy from the internet or copy a senior's work without any understanding of the content. \"We have for some time now seen students submit photocopies of reports their seniors had published,\" said surgical gastroenterologist Dr R Surendran, who works at the Government Stanley Medical College Hospital. \"In many cases spelling errors and grammatical mistakes are repeated because the reports are copied verbatim.\"Madras University uses a similar software to catch cheats. University officials said they have blacklisted PhD candidates and guides who the software found had plagiarised papers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15913375", "title": "Northeast terror groups still operating out of Myanmar: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government's repeated attempts to get Myanmar to act against northeast terror groups operating out of its territory have failed to bear fruits, the government admitted on Tuesday.Replying to a question on the issue in the Lok Sabha , the home ministry said insurgent groups such as Manipur-based People's Liberation Army, United National Liberation Front, People's Revolutionary Party of Kangleipak; Naga insurgent group like NSCN-K and ULFA (anti-talk faction) and NDFB had their camps and hideouts in Myanmar Naga Hills.Minister of state for home Mullappally Ramachandran said the presence of insurgent groups in Myanmar has been the single most important security issue for India at every bilateral negotiations between India and Myanmar.\"Myanmar has always been assuring India that they will not allow their soil to be used by these groups to carry out activities inimical to India. These groups continue to use Myanmar territory notwithstanding Myanmar's repeated assurances not to allow its territory for activities inimical to India,\" he said.Replying to another question, Ramachandran said there were reports that Ulfa (anti talk faction) continues to consolidate organizationally and strengthen its military capability for carrying out violent activities in different parts of Assam, with a view to maintain its dominance as well as create fear psychosis to facilitate extortion.\"State government has been advised to alert the security forces to control the activities of Ulfa,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15913807", "title": "Bangalore University puts off PG counselling", "text": "BANGALORE: Bangalore University has put off by a couple of days its counselling for admission to PG courses. All because the Jnana Jyothi auditorium where it's usually held has been rented out for another programme.Counselling was to start on August 30. According to the new schedule, counselling for supernumerary category will be held on Sept. 1, law and education on Sept. 2, Commerce on Sept. 3 and 4, Science from Sept. 5 to 7, Arts from Sept. 10 to 12. PG classes will commence from Sept. 13.Bangalore University has 2,000 PG seats and its affiliate colleges have 1,500 seats.Centralized counselling is held for all PG seats in the varsity. \"The auditorium was booked for a national conference of paediatricians in April. The governor, also chancellor of the university, will inaugurate it. This fact was overlooked when dates for counselling were fixed. We cannot ask conference organizers to change their venue. Counselling dates had to be postponed by a day. However, it won't affect the academic schedule in any way,\" said B C Mylarappa, registrar, BU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15920506", "title": "Three dengue cases detected in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: Dengue fever has again surfaced in the city. Three persons, including two kids have tested positive for dengue in the city in past one month while a large number of malaria cases are also being reported.Vinod Singh from Fatehpur tested positive positive on Tuesday. This boy is being treated at a private hospital. The authorities of microbiology department of Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College have confirmed the case as dengue.One more positive case was reported a few days back. According to the doctors of microbiology department of medical college, a boy hailing from Aurraiya was treated at Bal Rog Hospital of Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital. He was found positive.Another dengue patient was treated at LLR two weeks ago. The woman was from Shivrajpur but the authorities of the hospital are denying her as dengue patient.The district health authorities have constituted a cell for detection of the disease.The health department officials have asked the authorities of municipal corporation to take up a sanitation programme in the town. Similar steps are also being taken in rural areas to prevent mosquito-borne diseases.Responsible for curbing malaria and other vector-borne diseases in the city, the urban malaria department claimed it had ample stock of chemicals to kill the mosquito larvae.\"The situation is not at all serious and there is no need to panic. We are already carrying out anti-larvae spraying and fogging,\" urban malaria official, Dr AK Singh, claimed.\"If a patient has low blood platelet count, it cannot be considered dengue. It can also be due to viral fever or vivax malaria. Therefore, till any nodal centre or the government doctor does not diagnose it as a specific case of dengue, we cannot comment on it,\" he added.Physician Shailendra Tiwari said that dengue is a disease caused by mosquitoes. The main symptoms of the fever are headache, fever, exhaustion, severe joint and muscle pain and rashes.Chief medical officer, Dr RP Yadav, outlined the preventive methods for the disease by saying that people should be aware on how they can avoid such diseases. One should destroy mosquitoes by spraying DDT , prevent stagnation of water in nearby areas and coolers as well.\"Cover doors and windows with meshes and screens, by using mosquito nets during night and applying mosquito repellent cream on exposed part of the body and constructing proper drainage for dirty water,\" added CMO further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15917336", "title": "UP govt abolishes entry tax on gutka", "text": "times news networkLUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh cabinet on Tuesday approved a proposal to rationalise the taxes applicable on tobacco products covered under the UP Value Added Tax Act, 2008. Abolishing the entry tax on gutka, the cabinet also agreed, in principle, to impose a uniform 30% tax on tobacco-free pan masala, tobacco refuse, raw tobacco, khaini, zarda and surti and other tobacco products, not including bidi, cigarettes and cigars.Among other major decisions, the cabinet approved the decision to pay Rs 3,000 per month to political pensioners who were jailed during the Emergency (1975-77) under the Maintenance of Internal Security Act (MISA) and DIR. Tuesday's decision was in keeping with the Samajwadi Party's electoral promise, which said that apart from a political pension, political detainees would be provided free medical facilities and travel in state roadways buses.In his previous government, Mulayam Singh Yadav had announced a payment of Rs 1,000 per month along with free bus travel and medicines to about 7,000 people from UP who were in jailed during the Emergency. The decision was scrapped by the Mayawati government after it came to power.Among other decisions, the cabinet also decided to constitute a chief secretary-led committee to implement the Maintenance and Welfare of Parents and Senior Citizens Act, 2007. The committee will give its recommendations to implement the Act in the state.In a major decision regarding the appointment of teachers of primary and secondary schools in the state, the cabinet agreed to amend the Uttar Pradesh Basic Education Teachers service rules, by agreeing to make Teachers Eligibility Test as the eligibility exam.On Tuesday, the cabinet also agreed to provide 36,750 square metre land in Allahabad for the construction of residential accommodation for High Court judges. Other decisions of the cabinet included the implementation of one-time settlement scheme for payment of entertainment tax for video game parlours and water parks and constitution of revolving fund for providing medical facilities to Vidhan Parishad secretariat employees in SGPGI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15915912", "title": "Snooping rag-pickers nabbed with 1 kg gold", "text": "BANGALORE: From rags to riches-literally. They were rag-pickers scavenging for valuables from heaps of garbage. Or so everyone thought. But the three women were in fact picking their targets - locked-up houses --- which they later broke into and swept clean of valuables.Banashankari police who caught the three women were shocked to find in their possession of one kg gold and 750 grams silver ornaments worth Rs 40 lakh. More shock was in store for the police when they came to know that the accused had thrown away valuable diamonds into a drain mistaking them for ordinary stones, police said.The accused are Ammaiamma Srinivas alias Ammi, 30, of Gottigere Block, BG Road; Gayathri Venkatesh, 30, of Koli Farm gate, off Bannerghatta Road, and Kantamma Shiva, 30, of Udipalya New Colony, off Kanakapura Road.With their arrest, police have solved five cases of house burglaries reported from Banashankari, Vijayanagar and Thyagarajanagar.The accused would loiter in residential areas and identify houses with locked doors. They would later enter the houses after breaking open the back doors. \"They used iron rods to unhinge the back doors,\" police said.DCP (South) Sonia Narang said the three women were picked up by plainclothesmen who found the trio loitering suspiciously in Jayanagar.\"Our crime staff had noticed that the three women never picked from the waste. They were found inspecting houses. We brought them to the police station and interrogated them. We then raided their houses and recovered the valuables,\" Sonia said.During interrogation, the accused told the police that they threw some 'stones' into drains. \"Actually they were diamonds,\" Sonia added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15913449", "title": "Ministers may lock horns over drought relief", "text": "MUMBAI: The cabinet meeting on Wednesday could see some heated arguments over the state's failure to obtain an assurance from the Centre on assistance for drought relief.Meanwhile, a cabinet sub-committee on Tuesday cleared a proposal for increasing wages under the state-run employment guarantee scheme by Rs 100.If it gets the cabinet's nod, then it will mean an additional burden of Rs 1,000 crore to the state exchequer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15911636", "title": "For some, this is god's own city", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An old joke suggests that you will find a Keralite even on the moon. So, though Malayalis are known for their migratory tendency, many of them feel settled in Ahmedabad.Some may miss their brown rice and fish, but soon develop into bona fide Amdavadis.\"I have taken a liking for the city,\" says Mahesh Raja, 36, an assistant professor at Som-Lalit Institute of Management Studies. Raja, who has been a resident of the city for the past eight years, says, \"I love Gujarati food. I have had the full thali at many restaurants in the city.\"While some Keralites came to Ahmedabad from Kerala, others have landed here straight from the Gulf.Sujith K Nair, who works as a product manager with Man Truck India Ltd, moved to Ahmedabad from Dubai two years ago. \"I was a coffee person before coming to Ahmedabad, but have now taken a liking for tea,\" he says. \"Moreover, now khakra is my favourite snack. My wife too has acclimatized well.\"Suresh K, who works in a transport company, moved to the city from Coimbatore. \"What brought me here was the fact that business was quite good. I didn't know much about Ahmedabad initially, but now consider myself an Amdavadi.\" He is glad that his kids like their new environs. \"The schooling system is good here,\" he says.Manoj T K came to Ahmedabad 17 years ago searching for a job. He now owns an international logistics business. \"The cost of living is low here compared to other cities,\" he says. \"My kids consider Ahmedabad their native place. and prefer Gujarati food to our state's dishes.\"Ahmedabad is safe for women, says Ashwathy Vipin Kumar, who became an city resident in 2003. \"As hotel management students, we had to work at odd hours,\" she says. \"But that didn't matter in this city. And\"Women can exercise their choice as far as clothes are concerned. In Kerala, you don't get such freedom.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "15911790", "title": "Saudi SIM cards for Haj pilgrims", "text": "DUBAI: For the first time, Indian Haj pilgrims will get SIM cards of Saudi Telecom company at a nominal cost before commencing for the pilgrimage.\"It will have talk time of 5 Saudi riyals and incoming calls can be received with zero balance also. The SIM will be preloaded with contact numbers of all concerned officials of the consulate as well as other important numbers,\" officials at the Indian consulate in Jeddah said.\"The SIM will be distributed to the pilgrims at different embarkation points in India and thus their relatives can have the Saudi contact number in advance,\" they added.The Indian consulate, in cooperation with other entities in India and in Saudi Arabia such as the ministry of external affairs, Haj Committee of India, Saudi Arabia ministry of Haj, South Asian Moassasa and Maktabul Wakla, is making arrangements for successful completion of Haj this season.\"For the first time in recent years, we were able to acquire accommodation for all the pilgrims (about 1,25,000) well in advance due to the efficacious measures taken in time and hard work of the team,\" the consulate said in a statement.Last year, State Bank of India has launched Vishwa Yatra Foreign Travel Card denominated in Saudi riyal to cater to the needs of Haj and Umrah pilgrims from India. Under the scheme, a prepaid foreign currency card is issued in India which can be operated like any other ATM card.According to the consulate, all necessary safety measures will be taken to maintain confidentiality and to prevent misuse of the card.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15913421", "title": "Shakespeare's 'Dark Lady' was a London prostitute?", "text": "LONDON: The elusive 'Dark Lady' of Shakespeare's sonnets might have been a woman of ill repute as new research has identified her as a Clerkenwell prostitute.Research by a Shakespeare scholar from the University of Chichester claimed to have found evidence supporting a suggestion made in the 1930s that she was a madam called \" Lucy Negro\" or \"Black Luce\", who ran a brothel in Clerkenwell, north-east London , The Independent reported.Duncan Salkeld said that he has unearthed documentary records that lead him to conclude that she is \"the foremost candidate for the dubious role of the Dark Lady.\"Many of the sonnets 127 to 152 are addressed to an unidentified woman - the \"Dark Lady\". She is a temptress, in sonnet 144 - \"my female evil\" and \"my bad angel\".Salkeld has found references to both Black Luce and her associate Gilbert East - who ran another Clerkenwell brothel - in the diary of Philip Henslowe, the theatre-owner who built the Rose Theatre and whose acting company was Shakespeare's rival.Henslowe, who also put on the Bard's plays, recorded dining frequently with Gilbert East. Since Luce and East were together among Henslowe's tenants it connects this couple definitively with the world of theatre, Salkeld claimed, making it highly likely she would have been known to Shakespeare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15920492", "title": "Man jailed for 7 years for kidnapping, raping girl", "text": "KANPUR: Additional district and sessions judge Neerja Singh on Wednesday convicted Dinesh Singh for kidnapping and raping a minor girl and punished him with seven years of rigorous imprisonment and a fine of Rs 5,000.Dinesh, a resident of Chattapurwa in Sachendi had kidnapped a minor girl of a fellow villager on November 24, 2006. The victim had gone to Bhoop Singh's house to witness a TV programme. Thereafter, she did not return to her house. Next morning, her mother got information that the girl was last seen with Dinesh outside the village. The police recovered the girl from Jalandhar.The police had not registered the FIR in the beginning. Later on the intervention of senior police authorities, the Sachendi police registered a case against Dinesh Singh and his friends on January 12, 2007. The police filed chargesheet against Dinesh.In another verdict, additional district and sessions judge Mukesh Mishra convicted eight persons for various terms.The judge sentenced Bachcha Singh and his brothers Anangpal Singh, Veerpal Singh and Rajesh Singh for two years of rigorous imprisonment and imposed a fine of Rs 3,000. Ghanshyam Singh, Chattrapal Singh, Haneef Ahmad were ordered jail for six months. Co-accused Ayub Khan was sentenced for two years of rigorous imprisonment and a fine of Rs 2,000.The reason was a dispute on an agricultural field on which both parties were trying to have possession.On October 6, 2001 around 7 am, Bachcha Singh, Anangpal Singh, Veerpal Singh and Rajesh Singh (first group) and Ghanshyam Singh, Chhatrapal Singh, Haneef Ahmad and Ayub Khan (second group) reached the disputed field to take possession. Both groups were armed with lathis, sticks and sharp-edged weapon and attacked and injured each other. Cross FIRs were lodged by the two groups.Woman injured in chain snatching: A gold chain was snatched from a woman near her residence in Chakeri on Monday. The victim and other residents of area chased the chain snatchers, who escaped leaving a country-made pistol behind.Sushila, wife of Shyam Singh, a retired Air Force employee, was purchasing fruits outside her house. Two miscreants came on a two-wheeler and her gold chain.She ran behind them and raised cries for help. \"She caught hold a snatcher but the one who was driving speed away the vehicle. In the melee, Sushila sustained bruises and wounds,\" an eyewitness said.Chakeri police reached the spot and seized the firearm. The woman has been admitted to a hospital. Police believe that the youth, who was riding on the pillion had also sustained injuries as he also fell off the vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15912688", "title": "Waterlogging stinks up BRS Nagar B block", "text": "LUDHIANA: Tuesday's rain reminded residents of BRS Nagar B block of the horrors they had faced in August 2011. Those living nearby Lakshmi Narayan temple had to struggle last year as water gushed into their houses and basements last year. The area was submerged deep in water on Tuesday too, but it was the stink emanating from sewerage water, which made the situation unbearable for residents.The water logging issue has been persistently troubling residents and hasn't been resolved even after numerous complaints that followed last year's mess.\"All our books were destroyed when water gushed in our house and our basement office in August 2011. Like many others, we had to incur huge losses, while no one took responsibility to resolve this water logging problem in our locality,\" says advocate Jaswant Singh , who resides in the area.\"This area has been developed by Improvement Trust and approved colonies do not suffer such problems in any city. It is a stinking posh locality,\" says businessman Manish Gupta from the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15931823", "title": "Choose your favourite Hilsa preparation", "text": "Guess what kept Kolkatans busy over the week? Voting for their favourite restaurant that serves the most irresistible hilsa in the best possible way. And now, it's almost time for the verdict.It's been pouring votes this monsoon for the High on Hilsa contest, with 12 restaurants (three from each category) that rustle up the best Ilish Paturi, Ilish Bhapa, Ilish Biryani and Reinvented Ilish have been shortlisted.The top three contenders for the best Ilish Paturi are Bhojohori Manna, Kasturi and Radhuni, while for Ilish Bhapa there's 6 Ballygunge Place, Sholo Ana Bangali and Bhuter Raja Dilo Bor. Votes have gone in favour of Charnock City, Raajbari Khawa and The Bhoj Company in the Ilish Biryani category, while the three toppers in the Reinvented Ilish category are Oh! Calcutta, KK's Fusion and Koshe Kosha.The final countdown has begun. Your SMSes and feedback from our judges will decide the winning Ilish Paturi, Ilish Bhapa, Ilish Biryani and Reinvented Ilish out of these 12 restaurants.So gourmands and hilsa lovers, send your votes quickly and see your favourite eatery clinch the winning spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "15919942", "title": "Central varsity students demand more teachers", "text": "KORAPUT: Students of Central University of Orissa (CUO), Koraput, will observe the varsity foundation day on Wednesday as Black Day to protest against the administrative lapses and collapse in academic activities for lack of adequate teaching staff. \"We have decided to boycott the celebrations,\" said G P Lenka, a second year PG student of economics in the university.The students are on a dharna near the varsity main gate since Friday and were raising slogans against the vice-chancellor and registrar on Tuesday. According to the students, administration has taken a beating because the vice-chancellor and registrar do not stay at the university. \"They stay in Bhubaneswar and visit the varsity only during functions. It takes lot of time to get a seminar or any other activity approved because the files go to Bhubaneswar,\" alleged Durga Prasad Panda, another student. \"We want the vice-chancellor and registrar to stay at the varsity,\" he added.The students also said classes in economics, mathematics and bio-diversity have been affected for lack of adequate staff. \"Regular seminars are not being organized and we are not being sent on study tours and exposure visits. Many times we have apprised the authorities of it but to no avail. But this time we are determined and will not call off our agitation till our demands are met,\" the students said.Referring to the demands of students, registrar Abhay Kant Mishra said, \"I have come down to Koraput and will be holding discussion with the students.\" \"The process of appointing permanent lecturers has already begun. But it will take some time because it is a lengthy process. We will also look into their other demands,\" he added. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "15911182", "title": "One held for sadhvi sisters 'gang-rape'", "text": "BHAGALPUR: Two 'sadhvis' of Maharshi Mehi Sanyas Ashram at Rampur village under Shivnarayanpur police station of Kahalgaon sub-division were allegedly gang-raped by several people including one of the 'sadhus' of the same ashram.SSP K S Anupam said one of the accused has been arrested and some others involved in the heinous crime will be soon arrested. \"Prima facie it appears to be a case of rape,\" said the SSP adding police are waiting for the medical and pathological reports of the victims. \"We are also looking for some other motives behind the crime,\" SSP added.The two Sadhvi sisters in their statement under section 164 of CrPC in the court of first class judicial magistrate corroborated their earlier allegation of rape by the accused. One of them alleged gang-rape while the other alleged rape by Swami Agyanand alias Mantu Baba. The sadhvis also alleged loot of mobile and belongings besides assault by the accused.As the news about the gang-rape of sadhvi sisters spread in nearby villages, a huge mob assembled in the area and demanded arrest of all the accused. According to police sources, one of the accused Ratan Paswan, has been arrested by the police. The accused Baba belongs to Bariarpur village in Munger district, whereas others are residents of Rampur and Bisanpur villages in Kahalgaon sub-division.According to police sources, the two sadhvis originally belonged to Manihari area in Katihar district, were charmed to become disciples of self-styled Swami Rajeshwaranand alias Rajesh Baba and Swami Agyanand alias Mantu Baba at Maharshi Mehi Sanyas Ashram in village Rampur.Since 2010, the two sadhvis were residing in the ashram as disciple of the two Babas and had attained tanding while participating in socio-religious discourses and other saintly works in the area, said sources.Nearly for the last four months, Swami Rajeshwaranand, founder of Mehi ashram had been residing at Haridwar and in his absence, Swami Agyanand, used to manage the affairs of the ashram, said sources adding he nursed some grudge with the two sadhvis and wanted them out of the ashram.The sadhvis, while narrating the incident before the police alleged, that they were cooking meal inside their room at the Ashram around 9.00 PM on Sunday night. Six persons including Mantu Baba, Ghanshyam Mandal, Vivekanand Sinha, Pankaj Kumar, Prem Yadav, Ratan Paswan and some others entered their room, alleged the sadhvis adding all of them started abusing them. They were later dragged out in the adjacent field, where they were raped by the accused including the 'sadhu', alleged the sisters.Later on, around midnight of Sunday, the sadhvi sisters in torn clothes and disheveled condition somehow reached a roadside dhaba near Vikramshila railway station and narrated the incident to the proprietor of the eatery, Jitendra Yadav.The Shivnarayanpur police reached around 2.00 am (wee hours of Monday) on being informed by Yadav and recorded their statement. Police have lodged a case against the named accused. Preliminary medical examination of the Sadhvi sisters were made at Kahalgaon hospital on Monday and for further examination and pathological test they had been referred to Jawaharlal Nehru Medical College (JNMC) and Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15935263", "title": "Circadian rhythm disruption ups cancer risk", "text": "Disruptions to the circadian rhythm can affect the growth of blood vessels in the body, thus causing illnesses such as diabetes, obesity and cancer , a new study has suggested.The circadian rhythm is regulated by a \"clock\" that reacts to both incoming light and genetic factors.In the new study by researchers from Linkoping University and Karolinska Institute, it has been demonstrated for the first time that disruption of the circadian rhythm immediately inhibit blood vessel growth in zebra fish embryos.Professor Yihai Cao leads a research group, which has demonstrated that the breaking point is the production of a very important signalling substance: vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF). The formation of this substance requires a normal circadian rhythm.During experiments with hours-old zebra fish embryos, the researchers manipulated their circadian rhythm through exposing them to lighting conditions varying from constant darkness to constant light.The growth of blood vessels in the various groups was then studied. The results showed that exposure to constant light (1800 lux) markedly impaired blood vessel growth; additionally, it affected the expression of genes that regulate the circadian clock.\"The results can definitely be translated into clinical circumstances. Individuals with disrupted circadian rhythms - for example, shift workers who work under artificial lights at night, people with sleep disorders or a genetic predisposition - should be on guard against illnesses associated with disrupted blood vessel growth,\" Lasse Dahl Jensen, lead author of the study, said.Such diseases include heart attack, stroke , chronic inflammation, and cancer. Disruptions in blood vessel growth can also affect foetal development, women's reproductive cycles, and the healing of wounds.The study has been published in the scientific journal Cell Reports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15922134", "title": "In this school, track suits, mosquito repellent a must", "text": "BANGALORE: When Bangalore is reeling under the garbage menace, here's a school that has instructed its students to come in track suits and use mosquito repellent before coming to class.Vidya Niketan School, Kempapura Hebbal, has sent a circular to parents asking them to take precautionary measures against the mosquito menace owing to garbage next door.\"As a precautionary measure, we would like the children to wear school track pants and be equipped with any mosquito repellant for use as and when necessary,\" the notice says.The school claims that despite repeated complaints, the BBMP has not acted. The school has now written to deputy chief minister R Ashoka.\"The land adjacent to the school has been rented out to a group of garbage collectors and labourers. The other side is rented out to slum-dwellers . The open space between the huts and the school wall is used as a toilet and a dumping ground. This attracts mosquitoes and flies. The open drain behind the school compound wall is a breeding ground for mosquitoes. The land behind the playground is full of huge piles of soil dug up from all over the city. Every time it rains, mud washed away from these heaps clog the drains,\" the letter to Ashoka says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15917949", "title": "Clerk caught taking bribe", "text": "BHOPAL: A clerk was on Tuesday caught red-handed, while he was allegedly taking a bribe of Rs 2,000 from a person, by special police establishment of Lokayukta at a tehsil office in Vidisha district. Accused Mukesh Richharia was demanding money from Kamar Singh Raghuvanshi, resident of village Saloi at Ganjbasosa tehsil, to correct his name in the land record, officials said. Kamar's son Moti Singh had lodged a complaint with the SPE saying that the clerk was demanding money to correct his father name to Kamar in place of Karan. The SPE then laid a trap and caught Richharia red handed, they added.Richharia has been booked under relevant sections of prevention of corruption act, Bhopal SPE superintendent Siddharth Choudhary said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15916888", "title": "SBI officers protest against 7-day schedule", "text": "LUCKNOW: Officers of the State Bank of India held a demonstration in front of the bank's local head office on Tuesday to oppose the reported move of the bank's management for introducing seven-day banking in SBI. Addressing the meeting, BK Awasthi, general secretary of State Bank of India Officers' Association said that in the present times when services of alternate channels like ATM, internet banking and mobile banking etc are available to customers, introduction of seven-day banking is not feasible. The move will not only adversely affect the staff of the bank but also drain out the valuable energy resource of the country.He said that central government offices, secretariat and apex banks like RBI, Nabard etc are having 5-day week, where no difficulty is being experienced at their end. Besides employees' organisations in the banking industry are pleading for a 5-day week in the banking industry and the proposal is pending with the Indian Banks' Association, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15920320", "title": "Trichy defers Onam to Oct", "text": "TRICHY: Though there is a three-thousand-strong Malayali population in Trichy city, plus another thousand employees in and around BHEL , they do not normally celebrate Onam to coincide with the traditional date. The president of the Malayali Association of Trichy, M A Abdul Kareem, told TOI that malayalis would celebrate the festival somewhere in October, and the exact date was not yet fixed.Meanwhile, a large number of students in and around Trichy engineering colleges celebrated Onam with a riot of colours and a massive Pookkolam at Dhanalakshmi Sreenivasan College, Perambalur. There may not be Onathumbikal, but the mood was brought alive as the women were in traditional attire and sang to their heart's content.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15920190", "title": "Mangaloreans wait for seer, pomfret and sardines", "text": "MANGALORE: The fishing season began in right earnest about a fortnight ago. But low fish landings due to bad weather have kept prices high in the domestic market. There have been large landings of pink perch and cuttle fish and a small quantity of ribbon fish. But most of it is exported as there is no huge domestic demand for these.The demand here is for fish like seer, pomfret, tiger prawns and low-value fish like mackerel and sardines, which are yet to come in large quantities.Deputy director, department of fisheries Suresh Kumar Ullal says: \"Purse-sieners which bring high value fish including mackerel and sardines will start their operations from September 1. The major reason is - non availability of fishermen as they have been on the 'nada donis' fishing near harbour area and secondly the silt problem at the bar only in September.Also, he noted that deep sea fishing vessels have not returned to the Old Port due to the prevailing bad weather since the past three days.Pink perch arrived in large quantities on Monday with 25 deep sea boats getting 10 tonnes of catch each. Even the cuttle fish catch was on an average one ton per boat. Also, lizard fish and ribbon fish landed on Monday.While deep sea vessels fish in waters beyond 40 nautical miles from shore, purse seiners fish within 10-15 nautical miles, where high value fish is available in plenty.In the market, small pomfrets weighing about 100 gram each cost Rs 400- 450 per kilogram; while those weighing 200 gram per piece cost above Rs 550 per kilogram.The mackerel rates have shot up from Rs 130 per kilogram seen last week to Rs 160 to Rs 175 per kilogram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15920393", "title": "Vasu Paranjape: A coach who laughed his way to glory", "text": "They say actions speak louder than words. But words can do a lot. Writers can move the world to tears by their words and activists can start revolutions through their talk.Decades ago, there was a cricketer who won matches through words. While people mull over using incentives and counsellors to motivate players, this man knew only one thing: to make them laugh. At times when captains would frown, he would laugh. And with him would smile the entire team and give their best. Dadar Union captain and a renowned coach, Vasu Paranjape was a player's dream captain.Sunil Gavaskar and Dilip Vengsarkar, two cricketers who played 241 Tests together vouch for the fact that Paranjape's humour got the best out of players. To Vasu, cricket is a game which cannot be complicated. It is the players and coaches who make it complicated. His captaincy worked on the principle that the game is meant to be enjoyed.Winning at any cost is not his philosophy. Winning was certainly important, but not by twisting the rules. He bravely took many calculated risks. While captaining Dadar Union, he would declare at 2 down 70. While his team would be wondering at his decision, he would have pocketed an outright win by tea time in the Kanga League.Sunil Gavaskar says, \"I think Vasu had the best sense of repartee that I have ever come across. He was a skipper who led from the front, always looking for ways to win a game. A terrific fielder and a hard-hitting batsman, his major strengths were giving confidence to youngsters that they could beat anybody. He had endless stories and anecdotes about various players and was entertaining with a capital E. A wonderful company and a must have for after dinner speeches.\"An ardent supporter of Australian cricket especially of Don Bradman, Vasu regales stories with his wit. When he observed two cricketers sitting and discussing Bardman's exploits, he rebuked them, \"The least you can do is stand while discussing Bradman.\"Not once did any of his player find Vasu lose temper but as Milind Rege remembers, he once showed anger in a fashion that the entire team burst into laughter.\"On a very hot afternoon, he made me bowl many overs at a stretch and I casually complained to him about the heat. He called our Bhaiya Lakhandar and asked him to bring out an umbrella and said \"Son tie it around your waist, I want you to bowl all day long, you won't feel the heat. We were in splits and he had the loudest laugh. We all played for Vasu. We just loved our captain. He was the wittiest person in adverse situations and took away all pressure off us in the Dadar Union team.\"He adds, \"A fantastic reader of the game, he endeared us by his ability to help us all lift our game which is why Dadar Union was a force to reckon with in the then Bombay's club cricket. Very helpful to all of us youngsters, he made us want to perform for him. Apart from his captaincy skills, Vasu was a great man manager.\"He proved that what banter can achieve nothing else can. He handled teenager Dilip Vengsarkar by getting him to believe that he has in him to play for India, \"A great motivator I would say. Initially I didn't realise the importance of humour but when you are under pressure to perform, a message through humour helps release pressure. It helps you look at the game in a different way.\"Very thorough in technicalities of the game, he simplified the measure while imparting technical input. Once when he saw a batsman pushing and prodding in the net, he said, \"Don't bat like that player from one of the West Zone Ranji Teams. When he bats, the non-striker becomes overage. The bat in your hand is there for you to score runs and the ball to take wickets.\" Message conveyed.From Sunil Gavaskar to Sanjay Manjrekar, Paranjape coached and mentored many cricketers. Not having applied for any award, he wasn't chosen for the State honour. But he went on with life with a joke up his sleeve.There are people who talk about doing great things and do nothing. And there are people like Vasu Paranjape who do great things without saying anything. It's time the state of Maharashtra and the Mumbai Cricket Association recognise his services to the game. He has given back the game everything what it gave him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15914224", "title": "Pay Rs 5.50Lakh to get exam results, Nagpur University directs Bhandara college", "text": "NAGPUR: The fifty four students of Bhandara's Shivaji Science College, who were duped by the clerk, are all set to lose their precious academic year thanks to the apathy of Shivaji Education Society which runs the college. The society is based in Amravati.Even after Nagpur University directed them to pay Rs5.50 lakh towards late exam fees for all these 54 students, so that their results can be released, the society failed to respond. It also didn't inform the students about this development.The chairman of the society, Arun Shelke didn't to pick up calls even after repeated efforts to contact him. But, VG Bhamburkar, secretary said that he had received a letter from NU controller of examinations (CoE) Siddharth Kane, requesting the society to conduct departmental enquiry against principal Namdeo Meshram, senior clerk Jitendra Kirsal and exam in-charge Sanjay Raibole.\"My report is ready and within a day or two we will begin enquiry against these three. Meanwhile, I have directed the principal to submit Rs5.50 lakh with NU so that the students' results are declared as early as possible,\" he said. He said that they will not recover this amount from the students.He added that Kane has assured him that the results will be released within two days of getting the examination forms and the late fees. \"The CoE has also informed that these students will be given more time for submission of supplementary forms or applying for admission to other colleges, even though the NU admission deadline is September 5,\" Bhamburkar said.Kane however said that they had done their part and it was up to the college management to do the needful. \"We have provided them with enough time to deposit the money, but if they fail to respond, we won't be able to help them. The rules are same for all,\" he said.The CoE pointed out that the results of all these students were ready but they will declare them only when the principal submits the exam forms along with Rs5.50 lakh. When it was pointed out that principal Meshram is absconding, Kane replied that who ever has been given the charge of acting principal should complete the formalities.\"Each student had been imposed a fine of Rs10,000 towards late fee along with Rs1,500 as regular exam fee, but the college should pay it up,\" the CoE said.The aggrieved students, however, have no idea of these developments. \"We come to the college almost everyday, but the principal is absconding and the other officials refuse to entertain us. Even the cops are not helping us. We are in a big quandary,\" students on the condition of anonymity said.Meanwhile, Pauni police on Tuesday met the officials at NU to gather details about the fraud. \"They had some doubts and also wanted to know about the technicalities of the exam system. We provided them with all the information,\" Kane told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15915689", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation, cops sleep as illegal banners mushroom", "text": "NAGPUR: On September 16, 2009, Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court banned all pandals, welcome gates, arches, posters/banners and hoardings on roads that were hindering the smooth flow of traffic. The court also fixed responsibility on NMC and police commissioner to ensure that no such structures came up. Sadly, the both the public bodies have failed to act on court's directives. This has resulted in mushrooming of illegal hoardings and banners all over the city.A visit to major squares in the city will prove how the court directives are being openly flouted by erecting banners on traffic signals and electric poles. Neither NMC commissioner Shyam Wardhane nor commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay take any steps to control the menace. Actually, traffic police themselves put up banners between two traffic poles at Law College square for creating awareness about the traffic rules, flouting court's directives in the process.A poster wishing happy birthday to leader of opposition in NMC Vikas Thakre was also put up at Shankar Nagar square recently. Many such banners were put up on poles at traffic booths at Laxmi Bhavan and Laxmi Nagar squares featuring RPI leader Jogendra Kawade. Those were removed only when TOI highlighted it.Such illegal hoardings can be seen in areas like Central Avenue, Mahal, Itwari and other parts, causing severe hardships to motorists in already crammed roads. Residents apprehend more such hoardings along with structures during forthcoming festivals if NMC and police continue to be so somnolent. Last year as well several Ganesh and Durga pandals were set right in the middle of the road with both NMC and police looking the other way. Interestingly, most of these mandals were run by politicians.Firdos Mirza, who filed the PIL where the court had come up with landmark verdict, told TOI he had finally given up the fight. \"How far we as common citizens will fight this menace? What is the need of court's directives for removing illegal structures when there are laws for the same,\" he asked. He lamented that when traffic police can't see the illegal pandal adjacent to their office at Meetha Neem Dargah what can anyone expect from them. \"It was there for months but neither NMC nor cops removed it. Similar is the condition everywhere and it seems top authorities are just ignoring the court' directives,\" Mirza said.Dhanvijay refused to take up repeated calls, Wardhane assured to take stringent action against the erring officials who failed to adhere to court's directives. \"I am not aware of the verdict, but if it's true, none of them will be spared. I will definitely go through the verdict,\" he said.What HC verdict says?The Nagpur bench of Bombay high court while hearing a PIL filed by social worker Manohar Khorgade (6181/2008) clearly ruled that \"no permission even for temporary period shall be accorded by authorities empowered under Nagpur Municipal Corporation Act and/or Bombay Police Act for erecting any pandals, welcome gates, arches, stages of temporary nature or otherwise causing or likely to cause obstruction, disruption or to adversely affect free flow of traffic vehicular or otherwise on any public streets, roads within the area of NMC\".A division bench comprising justices AP Lavande and Pramod Kode had also asked the NMC and police commissioners to ensure that no such structures came up in the NMC jurisdiction through their subordinate officers and also fix accountability on them in their respective areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15919933", "title": "Students don\u2019t see law as a launch pad for good career", "text": "MYSORE: The number of students choosing law as a career has dwindled, as they think \"making a career with black-coat profession takes time in the fast-paced world\". The other reason, according to the heads of law colleges, is the \"obsolete syllabus\".At present, the city has five law colleges, one of them being an autonomous one. University of Mysore Law College closed down a few years ago with no takers for seats. It is said the number of students opting to study law has declined, while the demand for other courses are seeing a steady rise.\"Our college has 60 seats each in five- and three-year courses. Till now, applications for only 50% of each course have been filed. Of the two, only three-year course is in demand,\" said Vineetha P K, principal of Sharada Vilas Law College.When asked about the views of students towards law courses, she said most of them feel it is hard to work for years -- as assistants -- before establishing themselves in the legal fraternity. Many students also get attracted to other courses that promise lucrative jobs. Still, some pursue law studies just to attain a degree - maybe as an add-on -- and not for making a career out of it.Agreeing that syllabus of law universities is obsolete, she added that there is no practice-oriented teaching in the course. \"Key law subjects have been made as optionals,\" she adds. Mahajana Law College, having 66 seats in each of the two courses, is also facing a similar situation. Says its principal J Rajashekara: \"Students hesitate to take up law as a profession, as it takes nearly 8-10 years make a name.\" Saying that there is demand for only three-year course, he highlighted the need to update the syllabus.Evergreen professionK S Suresh, principal of JSS Law College (autonomous), said that the \"evergreen profession\" has many takers across country. \"Nearly 30,000 candidates appear for the entrance exam conducted by National Law School of India, hoping to get one of the 1,000 seats,\" he said, adding that only highly-motivated students seek admission to five-year integrated law course.The college has a heterogeneous mix of 550 students from 16 Indian states and 18 foreign countries. \"One should blame the colleges if there are no admission seekers. Most of the syllabus taught in these colleges is outdated, while there is a drastic change in global laws,\" he said, adding that people from the UK and the US seek help from Indian lawyers on legal issues. \"It is easy to become a successful lawyer, but the society wants good lawyers. Most of the law graduates choose jobs in corporate field, and not in law field,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15916850", "title": "Students left in lurch before examination due to colleges being derecognized", "text": "NASHIK: Around 350 students of five Ayurved colleges met the vice chancellor of Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS) Dr Arun Jamkar on Tuesday pleading that their eligibility be considered and they be allowed to appear for the final exams in November. These five colleges are under scanner as the governing body of Ayurved colleges, AYUSH (Ayurved, Yoga, Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy), have derecognised them.Students of Ashwin Rural Ayurved Mahavidyalaya (Sangamner), Siddhakala Ayurved College (Sangamner), Sangam Sevabhavi Trust (Sangamner), SVNHT Ayurved Mahavidyala (Rahuri) and Chaitanya Ayurved College (Jalgaon) met Jamkar on Tuesday requesting that their admissions be considerd valid.Volunteers of Maharashtra Navnirman Sena Students' Federation accompanied the students. They said that they would file litigation against the colleges if their demands are not met.Ashok Rahane, a student said that last year they appeared and got selected in the common entrance test (CET) and took admissions in the said colleges but no exams were conducted.\"After we took admission, we were informed by the colleges that AYUSH had not approved of these colleges and that the matter was pending in the court. Now, when we filled up the forms for the final exam scheduled for November, the university tells us that we are not its students. The last date for submitting the forms is September 21. That is why we are asking the vice chancellor to consider our eligibility on the basis of last year's CET and we be permitted to appear for the exam. He asked us to take admission for 2012-13. Since we took admission already last year, we did not appear for the CET this year. So we cannot even take admission this year. We will lose two years in that case,\" said Ashok.Maharashtra State President of MNS Students' Federation, Khanderao Medhe said, \"The Aurangabad bench of the Bombay High Court gave its decision in favour of AYUSH. The colleges have challenged this decision in the Supreme Court. We have requested the vice chancellor to prevent students from losing vital time. If in ten days, a decision is not taken in favour of the students, then we will file litigation in the High Court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15916588", "title": "Students to give marks at midday after a meal", "text": "PANAJI: Keeping with his promise in the budget speech, chief minister Manohar Parrikar has asked officials of the directorate of education (DoE) to inspect the quality of meals served in as many areas as possible and gather feedback from students that will be used to improve the meals' quality..\"Nearly all education officials are being engaged in the exercise. The visits have already begun and will go on for another 20 days or so, after which a report will be compiled by the DoE for submission to the state government,\" a state official said.The source said that officials are interacting with students on whether the quantity of meals being served is sufficient and whether students are liking the taste or not.\"Based on the contents of the report, either a state body or some experts will be handed the responsibility to improve the quality of the food served,\" the official said.Sources in DoE informed that the idea is also to arrest the wastage of food taking place.\"At present, there is wastage due to some students not consuming the food. The state wants to improve the quality of food so that the consumption increases and there is no wastage,\" the official said.The services of 81 local self help groups, which mainly include women, are utilized for the cooking and distribution of meals under the midday meal scheme in Goa. Vegetable pulao and pao bhaji are served to students from Class I to VIII during the school interval at 10.30am.The main objective of the mid day meal scheme is to boost enrolment, curb school dropouts and attend to the nutritional status of the students.In Goa, 91,000 primary school students in 1,134 schools avail the midday meal scheme. At the upper primary level, which is from Classes V to VIII, meals are served to 62,000 students in all the 425 upper primary schools in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15916547", "title": "Student leaders with SP links assault reporters on campus", "text": "LUCKNOW: Student leaders owing allegiance to the ruling Samajwadi Party brutally assaulted two reporters of Hindi dailies on Tuesday, throwing to the winds chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's directions and promises to keep campuses free from goonda elements. The reporters were reportedly thrashed for highlighting 'violence and illegal activities' of student leaders.The violence assumes significance in the light of the fact that four days ago, Akhilesh Yadav had himself issued directions to strictly adhere to the Lyngdoh Committee recommendations as directed by the Supreme Court for holding students union elections. However, a day after, two SP-affiliated student leaders brandishing firearms, clashed on the campus.The reporters covering the LU campus had then highlighted how the chief minister's orders were violated by student leaders of his own party. In retaliation, student leaders attacked two scribes who they could spot on the campus Tuesday afternoon. Reacting to the assault, Opposition parties said that so far ministerial colleagues were not listening to the CM, but now even petty student leaders were not taking his words seriously.After the assault, an FIR was lodged against eight student leaders . The eight -- Ved Prakash Yadav, Mani Singh, Babloo Yadav, Abhai Singh, Prashant Singh, Hari Om, Narendra Tiwari and Vinod Belwar, were also suspened by the LU.Two reporters, Ankush Tripathi and Govind Singh, were thrashed by the student leaders while they were standing opposite the university's department of mass communication on Tuesday afternoon. The victims were hit with iron rods, hockey sticks, and butt of the revolver. The attackers also pelted stone on the two before leaving the spot. The two have been hurt all over their body with major injuries on the faces, backs. Ankush has fractured his left hand as well.At around 3.30 p.m., scores of student leaders armed with iron rods and sticks came packed in one four-wheeler flaunting SP flag, and around five to six motorcycles inside the university campus. Without even a word of discussion, they started hitting on the two reporters. \"More than six student leaders used everything to beat us. Since they were more in numbers, we could not react,\" said the duo. The only fault of the journalists was to report hard about the violence created by the student leaders inside the campus. Sources say that any reporter who would have been present there would have met the same fate as these two.Taking into consideration that the attackers were students of LU, university proctor Prof Pawan Agarwal suspended eight of them. \"The reason for the assault is yet to be known. We have come to know that there are some outsiders who were involved in the incident. We are taking action against the guilty,\" he said.Tuesday's incident has predictably tilted the scales against student leaders and the alleged hooliganism they are bringing into the campus. The routine incidents of violence have sent shock waves on the campus. Senior university professors said these incidents show that law and order is deteriorating fast on the campus. \"With SP into power, one cannot rule out SP students re-establishing their supremacy in the campus. Many student leaders are making rounds of the university to get their expulsions revoked,\" said a member of the university's proctorial board adding that all is happening under political patronage.Another teacher said, \"The university administration has failed badly to keep the unwanted elements out of the campus. Apart from issuing instructions, no concrete action is being taken. In turn, student leaders have gathered all courage to create an atmosphere of terror on the campus.\" Others believe that the worst is still to follow.\"The incident of violence is no more an event, but a trend which reflects anarchy on part of the university administration. What is surprising is that Tuesday's incident took place right in the heart of the campus, barely few metres away from vice-chancellor's office, proctor office and the police outpost,\" said a university professor.On behalf of the university VC, Prof Manoj K Mishra, university spokesperson Prof Rajesh Mishra said, \"We have already suspended eight students and will take strict action against the student leaders.\" Students term these incidents as \"incapacity\" of VC to take strict action. \"It is high time that the governor should intervene, else the situation will be out of control,\" said a student.Student leaders and their aides are indulging in violence at the drop of a hat to establish terror over students. And all is being done strategically. Once their name is highlighted on the campus, they step outside and paste their posters and paint graffiti on the walls all over the city, projecting themselves as a candidate for the union elections. The publicity is then used to extort money from traders and grabbing government contracts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15914536", "title": "RPI leader held in power theft case", "text": "NAGPUR: A prominent RPI (Kamble) leader has landed in the police net after being booked for power theft.An offence was registered against Ramesh Telang at the special police station of MSEDCL at Gaddigodam in May. The vigilance team of power distribution franchisee Spanco had discovered an improvised power distribution network at his residence at Savitribai Phule Nagar near Manewada.The team found that power was being illegally supplied to 21 houses in the vicinity from a source at Telang's residence with the help of extended wires. Despite stiff opposition from Telang and his local supporters, the Spanco team had ensured the electricity theft was probed thoroughly.The Spanco management had calculated loss to the tune of Rs6.56 lakh from the illegal distribution and theft, which led to a FIR being registered on May 22 at the special police station for electricity pilferage.It is learnt that Telang had tried to procure anticipatory bail twice but failed. The sessions court had rejected Telang's bail in June while the high court rejected it in August.Following the rejection of bail twice, assistant police inspector Manoj Gabhane took Telang into custody on Monday. He was produced before the court, which remanded him to police custody till August 29.Spanco's special team had also exposed former Congress corporator Navneet Singh Tuli and another doctor engaged in electricity theft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15915227", "title": "Thieves target Defence quarters", "text": "NAGPUR: Residents of Wadi Defence quarters have raised question marks over security arrangements after burglars broke into three houses on Monday night. The families lost valuables and cash worth Rs1.52 lakh.The first burglary took place at Pravin Jachak's quarter when he and his wife had gone to a relative's house for a week. The couple returned on Monday and found the main door lock broke open and gold and cash worth Rs62,000 stolen.The thieves then targeted Khadirwan Rajendran's house and decamped with cash and ornaments worth Rs8,000. The thieves then turned to Mahendra Charde's house and escaped with cash and gold worth Rs82,000.Wadi police have registered a case on Jachak's complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15912054", "title": "Businessman's house burgled in Vanasthalipuram", "text": "HYDERABAD: Burglars gained entry into a businessman's house in Vanasthalipuram and escaped with valuables on Tuesday. The burglars entered E Malla Reddy's house at Judges' Colony in the wee hours of Tuesday by breaking the main door lock. Malla Reddy along with his family went to Guntur on some personal work.The incident came to light when house owner Ramulu noticed the broken lock and entered the house along with neighbours. Ramulu found the iron safe in the bedroom open and clothes and other items scattered on the floor. He immediately alerted Malla Reddy about the burglary. The loss of property could be assessed after Malla Reddy returns to the city, police said. After Malla's house, the burglars broke into Green Mint India Limited office in the same colony, but the office management informed police that no valuables were stolen.Later, the gang went to neighbouring Chitraseema Colony. There the burglars broke into the house of retired government employee Vidyasagar and escaped with his wallet.While they were coming out of Vidyasagar's house, some locals noticed them and raised an alarm. The gang members immediately escaped from the spot. Police are yet to receive a complaint from the victims, but a manhunt has been launched to nab the gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15916582", "title": "Goa state commission for women has no power to order maintenance: HC", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa has held that the Goa state commission for women (GSCW) has no jurisdiction to pass an order directing a husband to pay maintenance to his wife.The petitioner (name withheld) had approached the high court of Bombay at Goa and challenged the commission's order directing him to pay half of his monthly salary to the respondent (name withheld).The petitioner's lawyer, R Menezes, argued that the GSCW had no jurisdiction to pass such an order. Referring to Section 11 (1)(a) of the Goa State Commission for Women Act, 1996, Menezes said that commission \"has invoked the provisions of law to grant such relief which are not available\".The wife's lawyer, Pavithran A V, pointed out that his client has to look after two minor children and has no other source of income.While setting aside the order, Justice F M Reis observed thus: \"On plain reading of the provisions, it cannot be disputed that the impugned order directing the payment of maintenance by the commission is without jurisdiction. The said portion of the impugned order deserves to be quashed and set aside.\"The high court further held that as order is without jurisdiction, 'the question of giving any protection to the respondent (wife) at this stage would not arise'.The high court of Bombay at Goa has further directed a JMFC court to decide the application for interim maintenance filed by the respondent within one month.The application for relief has been filed under Section 125 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15913438", "title": "Rs 100 crore released to clean up Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: The empowered committee constituted by the state government for immediate clearance of debris in public areas and draining of flood water in affected areas of the city has sanctioned Rs 52 crore to JDA and Rs 48 crore to JMC. The amount has been sanctioned for cleaning of drains, repairing of potholes on roads and for purchase of new equipment.The funds released by the empowered committee to civic authorities are part of drainage-repair package announced by chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Monday. Out of Rs 52 crore, JDA has been asked to spend Rs 15 crore on cleaning of sewage lines, Rs 18 crore for repairing of roads and Rs 30 crore to initiate construction under master drainage plan. JMC will spend Rs 10 cr for drainages, Rs 10 crore for road repairs and Rs 12 crore for equipment purchase.\"Both JDA and JMC have been allotted work to clean drainage lines. Work is already under way at Nag Talai and Brahmpuri nullahs and they have been asked to expedite it. As per our contingency plan, JMC will take up seven major nullahs and JDA will handle four nullahs in the city. The deadline for road repairing and drainage cleaning will be completed before December 31, 2012,\" said G S Sandhu, principal secretary, urban development and housing.From the given money, JDA will also start working on its drainage master plan. \"To ensure that waterlogging never occurs again, JDA will start working on a master drainage plan. The initial money will be used for phase I while next phases will be completed as and when the funds are made available,\" said Sandhu.The state government has also taken a unanimous decision to deny water and electricity connections to any kind of illegal buildings-residential, commercial or institutional-that comes up in the catchment areas of nullah or dams in future. Orders have been issued to remove all the encroachments on way to natural watercourses around Shastri Nagar, Subhash Nagar and Bani Park localities, besides desilting the Jawahar Nagar, Brahmpuri and Nag Talai nullahs.The state government has also decided to deny water and electricity connections to any kind of illegal buildings-residential, commercial or institutional-that comes up in the catchments areas of a nullah or dams in future. It is even considering withdrawing drinking water and electricity supplies to the existing encroachers, too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15922181", "title": "BJP: Why only 917 of 1,218 colonies notified for regularization?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking on the Congress, the Delhi BJP leadership on Tuesday said many legal hurdles remained in the way of regularisation of 917 unauthorised colonies. \"Will this announcement remain only an election lollipop?\" Delhi BJP president Vijender Gupta demanded to know after CM Sheila Dikshit made the announcement regarding notification of regularization .Earlier in the day, the chief minister lashed out at BJP for falsely and repeatedly claiming her government was misleading people on regularization. She said the regularization notification had been proved BJP wrong. BJP shot back at a press conference in the evening. \"Before the last Assembly elections, the CM had made announcement for regularising 1,639 colonies. Provisional certificates were also distributed to 1,218 unauthorised colonies by Congress president Sonia Gandhi with the promise to regularise them. The government's announcement regarding regularization of 917 colonies is nothing but provisional certificate part-2 . When the government had issued provisional certificates to 1,218 colonies, why only 917 colonies are being regularised? What will be the future of other colonies ? The result of this announcement will be the same as the announcement of 2008,\" a statement from the BJP said.BJP released a list of questions that remain unanswered regarding regularization of 917 colonies. The state BJP president's statement asks the government: \"Whether the layout plans of the vacant plots of 917 unauthorised colonies will be approved now? Whether banks and other financial institutions will provide loan for the construction of houses, renovation etc on the plots of these colonies? Whether the government will make arrangements for parks, community centres, post offices, police posts, government schools, playgrounds, markets etc? Will the government allow spending of funds collected from unauthorised colonies on these 917 colonies? Will the government make the status report of 917 colonies public?\"To capture the attention of voters, the Congress leadership from the outer Delhi belt is planning a rally with representatives of unauthorized colonies on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15920559", "title": "PVVNL discusses revenue collection", "text": "VARANASI: Managing director of Purvanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Limited (PVVNL) AP Mishra held a meeting of power engineers of 21 districts of eastern UP to review the progress in revenue collection and discuss other issues on Tuesday.The MD said that UP Power Corporation had given a target of revenue collection worth of Rs 211 crore to PVVNL in August. The PVVNL had collected Rs 189 crore in July last.He took serious notice of non-payment of dues by the mobile tower operators. A total of 8,197 connections had been given to mobile towers in the eastern UP against whom bills worth Rs 2477.08 lakh were isssued. A sum of Rs 1315.67 lakh could be realised from them till July last.He instructed the officials to ensure 100 per cent realisation of revenue from mobile tower operators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "15911565", "title": "Accused dies in custody", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Mystery shrouds the death of an accused in a dowry harassment case. Cops claimed that the victim died on the way to the hospital following a massive heart attack within hours of reaching the police station at Machavaram here on Tuesday. However, sources alleged that the victim could have been subjected to police tortured by cops. Tamarapu Sankar, a mason from Maruthinagar was taken to custody in the late hours of Monday following a complaint lodged by his wife Dhanalakshmi. She said that he had been harassing her for dowry and beating her regularly. She also stated in her complaint that her husband was a drunkard and did not go to work.Responding to the complaint, the police booked a case under Section 498(A) (for subjecting a married woman to cruelty) of the IPC against Sankar and brought him to the station for interrogation.Sources said the police resorted to third degree treatment on Sankar in the early hours due to which he fell unconscious in the police station itself. He was then rushed to the government general hospital where he was declared brought dead. With TV channels airing the issue as a lock-up death, ACP C S N Rao rushed to the station and started investigation. After an hour of interacting with the staff, Rao told media that it was not a lock-up death but a natural one.The ACP said Sankar developed fits during the interrogation and the police quickly shifted him to the hospital. He said that Sankar had also complained of chest pain while being taken to the hospital and they suspect that he might have breathed his last due to a heart attack. But in a big relief to the cops, none of the family members including the wife leveled any charges against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15918742", "title": "Commuters bring Onam spirit to the trains", "text": "COIMBATORE: Passengers on board the Palakkad-Coimbatore Memu service had interesting company on Tuesday morning. Travelling with them was King Mahabali, who boarded the train in his traditional costume, head gear and an umbrella made of palmyra leaves. And, he played to his image of a popular king to the hilt. Offering sweets to commuters, the king mingled with the passengers crowded in the eight compartments and sang folk songs, with fellow passengers joining him in chorus.The Onam experience was not limited to the presence of Mahabali. Another group of regular commuters had arranged a traditional flower carpet inside one of the compartments.For the large number of commuters who travel to work in various firms and offices in Coimbatore from Palakkad daily, trains are second homes, and it was least surprising that they decided to bring the festive spirit of Onam to the compartments on the first Onam day. \"We started arranging the flower carpet early in the morning before the train started. This may be a rare kind of Onam celebrations as it happened inside a moving train,'' said Rajeesh Sivadas, a native of Palakkad, who works with a tour operator in Coimbatore, and coordinated the celebrations. \"This is the third year we are arranging flower carpets in passenger trains during Onam. We also had a group who played the traditional Kerala drums,\" he said.The revellers said that they had done elaborate arrangements for the programme. K P Sajith Kumar, who works with a private firm in the city, said they had started the arrangements a day before. \"We arranged the flowers a day before. We came on Tuesday morning by 5am and decorated the front of the train as well as the compartment. All the passengers were happy,\" he said.The sweets and payasam added to the celebrations, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15915680", "title": "Man admitted to Government Medical College and Hospital tests positive for swine flu", "text": "NAGPUR: Swine flu is rearing its head in the city once again, prompting Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) to check its preparation to handle any more cases. On Tuesday, a 43-year-old man from Khamla was officially confirmed as H1N1 positive. He had been admitted to GMCH on Friday and has been on the ventilator since Monday.Although this is the first H1N1 case since April this year at GMCH, seven patients have tested positive so far from samples sent by private hospitals. Of these, one Deepak Tiwari from Gondia had died in a private hospital on August 5.Another patient, 23-year-old Pushpa C Raut from Katod village in Mouda tehsil in Nagpur district, admitted to a private hospital in the city had also tested positive about a month back. Her sample was sent to NIV through the Indira Gandhi Government Medical College (IGGMC). She recovered from the attack.Since April 1, GMCH has sent 25 samples to National Institute of Virology (NIV) at Pune. The first positive case was reported from among five swab samples sent to NIV on Monday. The other four patients, one woman and three men, all above 40, tested negative and are stable.GMCH dean Dr Rajaram Powar told TOI that the virus has made a come back but the chances of it taking an epidemic form are negligible. \"There could be sporadic positive cases. But we are prepared for any situation. We have kept the old swine flu ward number 25 ready as an isolation ward, and there are enough medicines and ventilators,\" he said.Dr Arun Humne, GMCH medical superintendent and professor and head of preventive and social medicine department, confirmed that this was the first positive case from the city this year. Since the first swine flu case was reported in newspapers in Hyderabad in May 2009, Nagpur has recorded total 243 suspected swine flu cases at GMCH. But these include patients from not just the eleven districts of Vidarbha but also from neighbouring states. Since the first reported positive case in city in August 2009, 99 persons have tested positive for the virus.\"With the apprehension of more persons contracting the disease in winter, private doctors too have started preparing to tackle the disease. Dr Rajiv Mohta, paediatrician and adolescent expert, said on Tuesday that unfortunately in India there is little awareness that influenza can take serious form. \"Young children,\" he said, \"can bring the virus first to a house. In addition to regularly washing hands and covering face when sneezing and coughing, children and people should take influenza vaccine as a protective measure.\"Dr RG Chandak, critical care specialist, who recently treated a H1N1 positive woman and also has suspected cases under treatment, says that though everyone must take precautions, there is no cause for panic.Vulnerable populationPregnant womenPeople with respiratory disease (eg asthma, COPD)Heart patientsDiabeticsThose with kidney diseaseMorbidly obeseThose with chronic health problemsPeople aged 65 years and olderChildren under five years oldPrecautionsBe vaccinatedStay at home when you are sickWash hands frequently with soapCover your face while sneezingUse separate towels and other articles otherwise shared in a familyAvoid visiting public placesAvoid touching things in public places like door handles, lifts, railings etc", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15915231", "title": "State board goofs up in Std XII text books", "text": "NAGPUR: The state board has stuck to its annual practice of making mistakes in text books, with Std XII students at the receiving end this time. A few days ago, the board sent a letter to junior colleges accepting its 'printing mistakes' and asking the staff to inform students about them. Mistakes have been found in biology, chemistry and statistics text books.However, a look at what was printed incorrectly makes one realize that most of these are fit for the 'silly mistakes' category. In one of the biology chapters, the board pretty much changed the gender of living organisms. The rectification letter states that \"names of offsprings should be read as MALE instead of FEMALE and FEMALE instead of MALE\".Sameer Phale, biology lecturer at Ambedkar College (Deekshabhoomi), feels these incidents malign the state board's image. \"Each book is vetted by a panel of a dozen experts, and even then such silly mistakes keep happening. We are bragging about our syllabus being equivalent to the CBSE, and then the books are filled with such errors,\" he said.Further dissection of the books shows even more glaring errors. On page 195 of the biology book, a sentence goes \"sodium ion concentration is maintained by calcitonin and parathormone\". The board has accepted a mistake there, and asked that the word sodium be read as calcium. Phale said, \"This is something even a layman would understand, by connecting the word calcium to calci, in calcitonin. How can anyone with knowledge of biology commit such a blunder is beyond me?\"State board's divisional chairman Chandramani Borkar says these are printing mistakes, and not related to the board. \"Our academic council prepares the draft and then the board hands it over to Balbharti for printing. There, the typing and proofreading section should pick up such mistakes, but evidently failed to do so,\" he said.However, many teachers are not convinced with the explanation, saying it is rare for printers to change words or formulae from the draft handed over by the board.On page 187, the text says 'electrocardiograph' instead of 'electrocardiogram'. Phale, said, \"The graph is the machine and gram is the output or printout you get from it. It is as simple as a receiving a telegram which came from a telegraph.\"The mistakes in other subjects are basically the formulae and the board has issued rectification for them too. Another senior teacher who did not wish to be named said, \"Every year the board makes some mistake or the other, and washes its hands off by issuing a rectification letter. Then it is left to us to ensure that students are informed of the changes. Sometimes students are absent for long periods, most don't read the notice board, and then the blame falls to us if anyone looses marks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15915440", "title": "Rain no cure for pollution this season", "text": "KOLKATA: Do you find it difficult to breathe every time you walk down the stretch overlooking your house? Does the air seem heavy early in the mornings? The monsoon usually brings down pollution levels, but it hasn't been so this year.A combination of factors like increase in number of diesel-run vehicles, rising city skyline and scarce rainfall have dealt a triple whammy to the city's anti-pollution measures. Pollution control experts have recorded a three-fold rise in the figures. While in June 2011, the particulate matter (PM10) was around 90 microgram/cubic metre, it has risen to 300.40 microgram/cubic metre this year. In July, it was recorded between 172.89 and 220.12 microgram/cubic meter. The permissible limit is 100 microgram/cubic meter.Though the majority of vehicles comply with superior emission standards, pollution in Kolkata has gone from bad to worse, claim experts. Increase in PM10 levels is the surest indication of pollution in the ambient air due to emissions from diesel-run vehicles. According to transport emission consultant S M Ghosh, \"The overloading of vehicles is one of the prime reasons behind the pollution. Be it is a goods or a passenger carriage, overloading has become a norm.\"The other components in the air like carbon monoxide, benzene, ozone and sulphur dioxide have also increased significantly. Experts observed that the rising fuel prices have led several vehicles to shift to diesel which in turn has raised the level of sulphur dioxide, Nox and PM10 in ambient air.Moreover, environmentalists feel the rising city skyline has hindered the dissolution of pollution. \"High-velocity winds and intense rainfall take away the city's pollution burden. But highrises in almost every nook and cranny have robbed the city of its windspeed, thereby adding to the pollution burden,\" explained pollution control board officials.A check on the movement of goods vehicle during the night can bring down the pollution burden to some extent. All such vehicles are invariably overloaded. Despite the Supreme Court diktat in 2005, asking the state government to build a slew of weigh bridges to prevent overloading, the state has managed to build only one till date.Green activist Subhas Dutta had also moved a Public Interest Litigation (PIL), seeking to curb the night time pollution in the city. Nearly 30,000 to 40,000 heavily overloaded goods vehicles enter the city every night and exit before dawn without any pollution control check. Based on the plea, the division bench of Justices Kalyanjyoti Sengupta and Asim Kumar Mondal of Calcutta High Court directed the state home secretary and transport secretary to file affidavits stating the compliance of the court order on curbing pollution caused during night hours.The court also directed transport department officials, environment officials, police and members of the pollution control board to set up a joint committee that has either not been formed or is yet to start functioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15918235", "title": "Costly flowers fail to wither away Onam spirit", "text": "INDORE: The sky-rocketing prices of flowers used to prepare pookkalam (flower rangoli) and for other decorative purposes have failed to dampen the spirits of Malayalees to celebrate Onam.Ramchandran Nair, who heads human resource department at state-owned Indo German Tool Room, says, \"The floral carpet, which is a must for every Malayalee family to prepare for the occasion, now costs up to Rs 1,500 as compared to the earlier existing mark of Rs 500.\"R S Pillai, vice-president, Ayappa Chatwal Society in Indore, said, \"Yes, the prices of flowers have gone up a little bit. But it does not have any impact on the celebration on the temple premises as we are going to spend no less than Rs 4,000-5,000 to purchase flowers on Wednesday.\"Apart from flowers, other items that are much sought after on the day have also become costlier. While banana leaf price has gone up to Rs 10 per piece from Rs 5 earlier, coconut costs Rs 20 now as against the earlier existing price of Rs 5. Vegetables like drumstick costs Rs 80 per kg as against the earlier existing cost of Rs 30-40.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15910819", "title": "VAT on flats: Supreme Court gives interim relief", "text": "MUMBAI: Lakhs of citizens who bought property between 2006 and 2010 have got temporary benefit. The Supreme Court on Tuesday directed the Maharashtra sales tax department not to levy interest and penalty on developers if they registered the sale of such flats by October 15 and paid the value-added tax (VAT) by October 31.The order was passed by a three-bench judge headed by Justice R M Lodha while hearing an application filed by a host of developers' associations challenging the department's August 6 circular demanding 5% of the sale value as VAT. The circular asked developers to register with the department by August 16 and pay VAT with interest and penalty by August 31.The court, however, refused to stay the circular. As a result, post-October 31, the department is again free to levy interest and penalty on developers who have not paid VAT.The application forms part of the special leave petition filed by the Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry (MCHI) and others challenging the constitutional validity of the government to levy VAT. The department had issued the circular after the Bombay high court, in April, rejected the developers' contention against being categorized as dealers of goods and thus liable to attract sales tax.Developers are elated by the order. Paras Gundecha, president of MCHI, said with the apex court waiving interest and penalty, the VAT now payable has dropped to less than 5%. \"We plan to first pay VAT on behalf of those customers from whom we have collected the amount through bank guarantees, or escrow accounts. We will ask the bank to either release this sum to us or directly deposit it with the department,'' said Gundecha, adding that he would wait for the department to assess the VAT payable before issuing notices to those customers who have not paid the tax amount when booking the flat.Maharashtra Societies Welfare Association chairman Ramesh Prabhu said that flat buyers would not benefit by the order. \"It is the builders and not flat buyers who are supposed to pay VAT. So, developers cannot collect VAT separately from buyers. Considering the complicated working of computing VAT, I wonder if a customer will know whether the VAT amount paid by the developer is the same as the former had already paid. So, where is the question of a refund?'' said Prabhu.Meanwhile, the Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada) has sought legal opinion on whether it too as a developer will have to pay VAT. As of now, no notice for collection of tax levy has so far been issued to the nearly 10,000 Mhada flat buyers between 2006 and 2010. \"We have not charged or collected VAT even after 2010. We will take a call on issuing notices after we get all these answers,'' said Mhada vice-president Satish Gavai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15909893", "title": "Engineer held for misbehaving with youth", "text": "CHENNAI: A 25-year-old junior engineer of a car-manufacturing company in Sriperumbudur was arrested on Monday for trying to sexually assault a 20-year-old employee of the house-keeping department after tying up his hands and legs.Police said Palanisamy, a native of Panruti, approached the youth Logaiah (name changed) when he and another employee were engaged in cleaning at the paint shop in the factory. Palanisamy assigned the other employee some other task and took the youth to a secluded place. Palanisamy gave the youth, who was known to be interested in video games, his mobile phone that had several games in it.As Logaiah was engrossed in playing the game, Palanisamy tied up his hands and then his legs with a rope.He then tried to sexually assault Logaiah despite his repeated cries. The youth was let off after half an hour. The youth, a native of Karnataka who had joined the company recently as a casual labourer, informed higher officials in the company. He was rushed to a private hospital.Based on Logaiah's complaint, the Sriperumbudur police arrested Palanisamy. During questioning, he confessed to having committed the offence. Police quoted Palanisamy as saying that he had indulged in such activity when he was a student of the Central Polytechnic in Taramani, Chennai and was staying with friends.Police have registered a case under Section 377 (unnatural sex) of the Indian Penal Code against Palanisamy. \"Though cases registered under this Section are not punishable offence, according to the recent law amendment by Parliament, Palanisamy forcefully misbehaved with Kumaraiah. That is why we arrested him and sent him to judicial custody,\" a police officer said.Junior engineer Palanisamy tied up Logaiah's hands and legs while he was playing a game on a mobile phone. After this, Palanisamy tried to sexually assault the youth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15916262", "title": "History quiz at Porvorim", "text": "The second edition of the 'Goa history quiz' final will be held on September 1, at 9.30am, at the Xavier Centre of Historical Research (XCHR), Alto Porvorim. The quiz will be hosted by Rajiv D'silva and is open to all students of Class X and below. For details visit www.seqc.blogspot.com.Elvis Lobo and Jazz Junction at Nerul: Noted guitar player Elvis Lobo will perform with Jazz Junction, featuring Yvonne Gonsalves on vocals, Darryl Rodrigues on keyboards, Colin D'Cruz on bass and Bosco D'Souza on drums, on August 30, from 8pm onwards, at The Sol Villa, Nerul. For more information call on 6714141.TOI's photography contest: The Times of India, in association with DELL and Intel Inside CORE i5, will organize a photography contest 'Your easy Onam moments contest'. Send your best shots centered on Onam depicting the spirit of Onam festival. Send the photo entries before August 30 to onam_moments@indiatimes.com. Each entry should mention full name, contact details including phone number. Exciting gifts to be won.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15921194", "title": "Appeal to ban polythene during Mahakumbh", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The volunteers of Civil Defence have appealed to pilgrims coming for Mahakumbh not to use polythene in the Mela area. The volunteers will also conduct educational and awareness programmes from September and seek support of masses to make the no-use of polythene successful.Post warden Rajendra Tiwari \"Dukanji\" said, \"A team of 15 volunteers will be working at all ghats from Phaphamau to Naini for cleaning purpose in coordination with the Allahabad Municipal Corporation.\"He added that volunteers who will do exceptional job will be rewarded.Tiwari said the cleaning ghats will begin from September 10 at Dashaswamegh Ghat.The volunteers will also appeal to the shopkeepers to ban the use of polythene and promote carry bags.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15916934", "title": "Chief minister Manohar Parrikar assures boost to Romi Konkani", "text": "MARGAO: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Tuesday tugged at the heartstrings of the \"Romi Konkani\" lovers by promising government support for the development and propagation of Konkani written in Roman script, and assured to find ways and means to meet all five demands of the Dalgado Konknni Academi (DKA).Speaking at the inaugural ceremony of DKA's silver jubilee celebrations, Parrikar said he equally loved Konkani written in Devnagri and Roman scripts. \"Language, ultimately, is a medium for reaching out to everybody. As I want to reach out to all the cross sections of society, I will not discriminate (against Roman script). The requirements of an independent office space for DKA and funds will be met,\" Parrikar said to a loud cheer by the audience.From P1Stating that four of the five demands put forth by DKA will be duly considered by him \"one at a time\" during the next five years, Parrikar conceded that the demand for granting official language status to Romi script on par with that of Devnagri Konkani was a \"tad difficult\". \"But I will try to find a way out, one at a time; solutions will come,\" Parrikar reassured the Konkani mogis.\"If a language has to flourish, it should touch the hearts of the common people. And that should essentially be our prime task-to make Konkani endearing to the masses,\" Parrikar added.The chief minister also gladdened the hearts of the tiatrist fraternity by assuring them of providing a convention hall or a theatre in Panaji for staging tiatrs. Suggesting that he was among the favourite punching bag of the tiatrists, Parrikar said: \"I love tiatrs and have seen quite a few of them. The tiatrists love me too.\" The joke was not lost on the audience which responded with loud laughter.Parrikar expressed disapproval over the manner in which a discord is sought to be created on the lines of caste or religion with an eye solely on votes. Stating that there was trust deficit in Goan society, the chief minister underscored the need for creating an environment conducive of placing trust in each other.\"Konkani is a very rich language; the words used in Romi script are closer to Sanskrit than the words used in Devnagri Konkani... Language is meant for fostering love, not to fight with each other. Unfortunately, a vertical divide is sought to be created among the people on the basis of caste and religion, the basic crux being elections. If we are able to create an environment where people begin to trust each other, many of our problems will get solved,\" Parrikar said.The chief minister also voiced disappointment over the tendency of people to \"talk big\" without offering concrete ideas for execution. To drive home his point, Parrikar said, \"The draft mining policy, which is yet to be finalized and is open for public suggestions, has received criticism from many quarters, but till date I have not received a single suggestion from anybody. We talk too much but there is no execution,\" Parrikar said.DKA demandsRomi Konkani to be considered on par with Devnagri Konkani as state's official languageRomi Konkani to be introduced in primary schoolsKala Academy to include Romi Konkani as separate category in its scheme for publishing booksOffice space for DKATheatre in Panaji for staging tiatrs", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "15917059", "title": "Bengali students' body demands arrest of Hagrama Mohilary", "text": "SILCHAR: Bengali Students and Youths Forum (BSYF) took out a huge rally in Hailakandi district on Tuesday demanding normalcy in the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) areas and neighbouring districts of lower Assam.They also sought the arrest of BTC chief Hagrama Mohilary for \"triggering\" the clashes that has been causing bloodshed for the last one month in which \"Muslims have largely turned victims\".Hundreds of students and youths marched through the streets of the town and later submitted a memorandum, which was addressed to chief minister Tarun Gogoi, to the deputy commissioner S Thyek.BSYF president Ali Hussain Meera said they had decided to call a bandh on Tuesday, but considering the inconveniences of the common people, they abstained from calling a bandh a day after Bajrang Dal's bandh on Monday. He, however, said that if the state government fails to take corrective measures in lower Assam, they will call a bandh in the later half of the week.Meera alleged that the Assam government had failed to control the situation in the BTC areas. \"The arrest of the BPF MLA has proved its hand in the riots and since BPF is a coalition partner of the Congress, Dispur cannot wash its hands over the situation,\" BSYF said.Meanwhile, Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind, Hailakandi district committee and Samaj Sanskar O Adhikar Suraksha Parishad, an NGO, urged the Centre to dissolve the BTAD to pave the way for the establishment of a sense of security in the area so that the inmates of relief camps can return to their homes safely.The organizations condemned the demand for the arrest of AIUDF chief Badaruddin Ajmal. \"Ajmal's love for the country is beyond any doubt. His works and activities prove that he has been fighting for the country's integrity,\" BSYF president said.Meanwhile, Asom Majuri Shramik Union observed a day-long dharna in front of the deputy commissioner's office in Karimganj seeking urgent steps to control the situation in Bodoland area and ensure peace and security.The union said in order to ensure peace in the region, the government should seize illegal arms and dissolve the BTAD immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15920006", "title": "MCG begins issuing death certificates at crematoriums", "text": "GURGAON: The municipal corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) has started issuing death certificates at the crematorium itself so that residents do not have to go all the way to the corporation office for the document.\"To begin with, we will offer this service at two crematoriums in the MCG area - Sukhrali and Mandanpuri. This service will be gradually extend to other crematoriums as well.A municipal corporation employee will be stationed at these two crematoriums to take down all the details of the deceased from the family members, fill the necessary forms and issue the certificate then and there,\" said an official. Residents will not have to pay anything extra for this service expect the nominal fee of Rs12 that is charged for the certificate. However, one will need to pay extra for additional copies. The residents can also avail this service online.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15916775", "title": "Pollution board turns screws on Sesa Goa", "text": "PANAJI: There seems to be no end to Sesa Goa Ltd's troubles. The Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) has directed Cosme Costa &amp; Sons' Sonshi mine, which is operated by Sesa Goa, to stop dumping at sites located at Vaghuriem and Codierm villages of Sattari taluka.The GSPCB ordered the initiation of immediate environment safety measures such as covering the dumps with geotextiles, plantation, construction of retaining walls, garland drains and filter beds around the dumps.\"Failure to comply with the directions will compel the board will compel the board to initiate legal action against the unit under the provisions of the Air Act and Water Act, without any further notice\", the GSPCB said in its directions.The board has carried out inspections there following a complaint lodged by the Goa Foundation regarding illegal dumping activities carried out by the Sesa Goa-owned unit. The complaint mentioned the diversion of a nullah, entering into forest areas, no proper protection for dumps, and increase in the height of the dumps upto 90 metres.The board's inspected team, in their report, said that the consent from the Goa state pollution control board has not been obtained by the party for the said dumping site. However, it also said the consent to operate under the Water Act has been obtained by Cosme Costa &amp; Sons for their Sonshi iron ore mine, where the overburden/rejects are being brought and dumped at the said dumping site. \"The following conditions of the consent/environmental clearance are violated,\" said the report.It also said that the height of the dumps is around 90 metres as observed. \"Total six layers are seen and by considering each layer of 15 metres, the height is 90 metres,\" it stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15912077", "title": "Yashwant-led panel gives govt leeway to introduce reforms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid the no-holds barred BJP-Congress slugfest over Coalgate, the finance standing committee headed by BJP leader Yashwant Sinha has offered a tempting window of opportunity over a shared reforms agenda that can revive a moribund economy.The standing committee has urged the government to speed up pension reform, insurance and banking bills saying these legislations can act as a tonic to pep up the sagging investment climate. The bills have been in limbo for long, not the least due to Congress ally Trinamool's bitter opposition.Even with BJP support, the task of bringing Trinamool leader Mamata Banerjee around is not easy. But the committee's ringing endorsement, apart from the dissent of CPM and CPI members, points to a fairly wide political consensus of reforms.Finance minister P Chidambaram can take heart from the committee's views given that Sinha is often seen as a hardliner in BJP ranks and has been a leading critic of Chidambaram's alleged role in the 2G scam. However, Sinha's prescriptions on the economy should gladden the government.Taking note of \"doom and gloom\" scenarios being bandied about, the draft report on \"current economic situation and policy options\" backs the Prevention of Money Laundering Amendment Bill, 2001, the Direct Tax Code and the Companies Bill.Taken together, the six measures can be seen as a significant booster to investment at a time when fiscal and current account deficits have turned the government's balance sheet into a nightmare. \"The committee recommends speeding up of policy reforms and removing investment hurdles,\" the report said.The committee has called for a coherent and effective disinvestment policy and a plan for a 10% reduction in non-plan expenditure.On monetary management, the panel highlighted a divide between the Reserve Bank of India and the government. The central bank has pointed a finger at governance issues as \"...(RBI) states that the fiscal part of the obligation is not being fulfilled by government,\" the report said.The panel urged the government to \"take steps to supplement and complement monetary measures with effective fiscal measures so as to rein in inflation and trigger sustainable growth\".Apart from strongly supporting policies that will encourage foreign investment, the committee has called for better targeting of subsidies. Here, the committee held its punches, perhaps influenced by the political nature of farm and fuel subsidies.The committee identified the current account deficit as a particular cause for worry, saying financing the gap through short term debt flows was a fraught option. In the growth versus inflation debate, the committee said there was no alternative to stable inflation without which neither investment or consumption would pick up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15917620", "title": "Malaria not as potent, but dengue cases triple", "text": "MUMBAI: The usual monsoon diseases\u2014especially vector or mosquito-borne\u2014are making their presence felt in the city. Doctors told TOI that there has been a spurt in dengue and malaria cases, and not just in viral infections.The BMC statistics partially support their claim. According to the data, while malaria cases have decreased this month compared to August 2011, dengue cases have just about tripled. Compared to 40 cases in August 2011, the BMC has recorded 110 dengue cases this month, so far.Private doctors said a number of patients have to be admitted following severe dengue and malaria symptoms. \"We have had two late night admissions in the past twodays,\" said Dr Hemant Thacker who consults at Jaslok and Breach Candy hospitals.\"We have been following similar standard operating procedures for both vector borne diseases,\" said Dr Mangala Gomare, in charge of the BMC epidemiology cell. Despite that, intermittent rains have led to a spike in dengue cases, the BMC officials said.Though both malaria and dengue are spread by mosquitoes, there is a difference between the vectors. Malaria spreading anopheles mosquito thrives in stagnant water whereas dengue-causing mosquito, the female aedes, needs fresh water. Disease-causing microorganisms are also different. \"Dengue is spread by virus and malaria because of a parasite. Since we have been seeing a rise in viral cases too, it is apparent the weather is favourable for viruses,\" said Dr Khusrav Bajan, intensivist with Hinduja Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15909588", "title": "Noida Extension Metro work put on fast track", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Noida Authority has decided to fast track the Metro rail project to the area. While the project, which will connect Noida to Greater Noida via Noida Extension till Bodaki, has been in the pipeline for over a year, Authority CEO Rama Raman has decided to discard the old Detailed Project Report (DPR) and prepare a fresh one for the proposed 35km line.This Metro service will be developed on a Public Private Partnership (PPP) model independent of DMRC projects proposed in the area. Once the new DPR is prepared, the Authority will initiate tender proceedings within a month. The previous DPR had slated the project's cost around Rs 5,000 crore, but the current cost is estimated to be around Rs 7,500 crore, officials said. The Authority is yet to set a new timeframe for completion of the project.\"A Metro service between Noida and Greater Noida is essential because close to 1.5 lakh homes are expected to come up in the area. Now that housing projects have resumed, the Metro too needs to be taken up so that once people begin residing in Noida Extension they can avail its services,\" Raman said.The Authority has decided to go for a PPP model for the Metro project considering \"high cost.\" The model has already been approved by the state government.There is a simultaneous plan to connect Noida and Greater Noida that is to be taken up by the Delhi Metro rail Corporation and the Noida Authority whereby the existing blue line will be extended from the sector 32 city centre to Greater Noida via sectors 51, 78, 101 in Noida and Dadri Road, Knowledge Park 2 and Pari Chowk in Greater Noida. However, the Greater Noida Authority claims that since this plan does \"not connect all areas in the city, the new 35 km long route has been planned.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15912138", "title": "Tarun Gogoi govt asked to act tough against mischief makers", "text": "NEW DELHI: As Assam continues to be rocked by sporadic incidents of violence, the Centre on Tuesday asked the state to act tough and explore the option of taking into preventive custody all those who indulge in making provocative statements.Amid growing feeling that CM Tarun Gogoi is not taking enough measures to handle the situation, Union home secretary R K Singh spoke to Assam chief secretary N K Das and director general of police J N Chaudhury asking them to take strict action against anti-social elements.Singh is learnt to have told them that any possibility of social unrest must be nipped in the bud by taking all preventive measures including custody of ring leaders.Sources said that the matter would shortly be taken up by home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde with Gogoi.Though the state police have so far registered 1,442 cases and arrested 170 people - including an MLA Pradeep Brahma \u2014 for their alleged involvement in violent clashes, none of the ringleader had been taken into preventive custody despite apprehensions of disturbances during the bandhs.\"Had it been peaceful bandh, no one would have bothered much. But, the leaders of all the groups indulged in making provocative statements that led to inflaming passions in the violence-hit districts,\" said an official.While the Bajrang Dal had observed a bandh on Monday, the All Assam Minority Students' Union (AAMSU) had a similar lockdown on Tuesday. Leaders of both these groups were allowed to roam free and make speeches during the bandh period.Officials here fear that if the flare-up is not contained immediately, the situation may further worsen. An official said, \"Instead of merely urging political parties and outfits to refrain from making provocative statements, the state police should have taken the leaders of different groups into preventive custody\".Violence spread to new areas other than the Bodoland Territorial Area Districts (BTAD) when local leaders tried to impose bandh in Tezpur, Barpeta Road, Nagaon, Morigaon and Sibsagar in the past two days. One person was reportedly killed at Barpeta Road in an attack when he refused to shut down his shop on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "tehran", "code": "15912553", "title": "India will push Iran to abide by its nuclear obligations", "text": "TEHRAN: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh landed here on his maiden visit to a country at a time when Iran is a bad name with the West and amid severe sanctions from the US and the European Union .Consider: Iran is Israel's favourite enemy and Israel is India's particular friend. India's closest partners in the Persian Gulf believe Iran is sponsoring unrest among the Shias in their countries. Iran is pursuing a nuclear programme that India, along with most other nations, believes is hugely destabilizing for the region.PM Singh, dogged by coalgate at home is spending three days in Tehran , including the first 24 hours of down time. Singh landed on Tuesday evening in Tehran, received by Iran's finance minister Dr Seyed Shamsedin Hoseini. But Singh's bilateral meeting with the Iranian leadership is not until Wednesday evening, and the only other leader PM meets is the Bangladeshi PM Sheikh Hasina.Yet, it would be fair to say that Singh, along with the UN secretary-general Ban Ki-moon, is probably one of the most important heads of government at the NAM summit. Iran is looking at the summit as a huge vote of confidence in its policies, with over 25 heads of government in attendance. In his bilateral meetings with the Iranian leadership on Wednesday, Singh may introduce a more sobering note. While India has little expectation of being able to influence Iranian behaviour on the nuclear question, official sources said they would push Iran to abide by \"its obligations\".Singh will also catch up on some bilateral engagements with others like meeting the Nepalese PM Baburam Bhattarai and Afghan president Hamid Karzai.A more important meeting will be with new Egyptian president Mohammed Morsi since India is renewing its engagement with Cairo . The meeting with the Pakistani president Asif Zardari is still to be confirmed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15921471", "title": "Pay UGC scales or settle for Rs 35K: HC", "text": "HYDERABAD: Virtually reversing the order of a single judge that allowed even the 'defiant' colleges to have a higher fee structure of Rs 50,200 in engineering admissions, a division bench of the AP High Court on Tuesday directed those colleges either to comply with the directions of the Supreme Court and the state government or to settle for a Rs 35,000 fixed admission fee earmarked for such nondescript colleges whose details of infrastructure are not known to the state. AP has the dubious distinction of having the highest number of engineering colleges (710) in the country. To comply with high court's directive, the college managements should have to pay the faculty and the staff salary and perks in accordance with at least the UGC scales of 1996 and the state's 8pay revision scales.The bench comprising Acting Chief Justice P C Ghose and justice Vilas V Afzulpurkar made this order after hearing an appeal filed by the state and its admission fee regulatory committee (AFRC) which felt aggrieved with a 'sweeping order' given by the single judge without taking into account the fact that these defiant colleges never came before the AFRC, Supreme Court or the state nor did they file any affidavits before the authorities about the current status with regard to their faculty.The bench directed all those colleges which want a higher fee structure of Rs 50,200 to convey their faculty details, the current pay structure and their willingness to pay the UGC and PRC scales in the form of an affidavit to the court by Wednesday evening. Interestingly, as many as 578 engineering colleges in the state had already given written undertakings that the admission fee of Rs 35,000 is agreeable to them. Basing on the infrastructure, faculty and other credentials, 67 colleges could secure a higher fee structure of up to Rs 1.05 lakh. According to the authorities, now only 44 colleges remain defiant. They did not give any undertakings, they did not represent their case before the Supreme Court but now they want a higher fee. The bench said that they will become eligible for Rs 50, 200 fee only if they file their affidavits by Wednesday evening. We have to see how many of them would come forward now, an official source commented. All these affidavits and their contents would be verified and the decision would be subject to such verification, the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15917049", "title": "Manipur minister meets Karnataka chief minister Jagadish Shettar in Bangalore", "text": "GUWAHATI: Manipur works and transport minister Khumujam Ratankumar Singh on Monday met Karnataka chief minister Jagadish Shettar in Bangalore to discuss the recent exodus of the students and workers of the northeast from the state.The Karnataka CM told Singh that the situation in Bangalore is normal and all possible measures have been taken to safeguard the interests of the people of the northeast living in the city. Shettar said he has sent his deputy chief minister R Ashok to the northeastern states, including Manipur, to appeal to the people, who left the state, to return.Singh conveyed the greetings of Manipur chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh to Shettar and expressed happiness about the care and concern shown by the Karnataka government towards the people of the northeast, including Manipuris, when a fear psychosis gripped their minds. Singh visited Bangalore as a special emissary of the Manipur government.On Sunday, he attended the Eid Milan function hosted by CK Jaffer Sharief Family Foundation at Palace Grounds in Bangalore. The theme of the function was peace, harmony, secularism, social justice and common brotherhood, which was significant in view of the recent developments in Assam.Singh interacted with Karnataka governor HR Bharadwaj during the gathering, which was also attended by prominent personalities from various walks of life, including political bigwigs from Karnataka. Bharadwaj expressed happiness that the NE people are returning to his state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15916761", "title": "Ulhas Phaldesai elected Goa state co-operative bank chairman", "text": "PANAJI: Ulhas Phaldesai was on Tuesday elected unopposed as the new chairman of the Goa state co-operative bank (GSCB), the apex financing agency in the cooperative sector in Goa, Daman and Diu. Avelino Marcus D'Silva was elected unopposed the bank's vice chairman.The new chairman is the elder brother of Sanguem BJP MLA Subhash Phaldesai, whose government-backed panel dramatically wrested control of the bank on August 19. Two men from former chairman Ramachandra Mule's panel defected to Phaldesai's panel, in what many claimed the 'defections' were engineered by the government to gain control of the bank.Dismissing suggestions that the new chairman got his post because he is the BJP MLA's brother, sources in the Phaldesai camp said that Ulhas has been in the cooperative movement in Goa for 22 years, even winning the Goa government's \"Sahakar Bushan\" award a decade ago. The 60-year-old chairman has a law degree and was chairman of the Mormugao Port Trust employees' society for 20 years.The new chairman said he will conduct training workshops to boost the motivational levels of the staff and to enhance the bank's work culture. He also promised to strengthen the recovery cell to reduce the non-performing assets of the bank.Asked what kind of support he has been assured of by the government, Phaldesai said that the government is considering routing a number of its schemes through GSCB. These include the Laadli Laxmi scheme, the Griha Laxmi scheme, educational schemes and agricultural schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15911463", "title": "Now, Congress offers medical treats to voters", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After affordable housing for the urban poor, Gujarat Congress on Tuesday made another poll assurance - free medical treatment for cancer as well as kidney and heart ailments for the poor and the middle income group, at government hospitals.The party announced that if voted to power, it would also provide 250 life-saving drugs for free, as well as a health insurance scheme. The party said if elected to power in the forthcoming assembly elections, its government would pay medical insurance premiums up to Rs 30,000.This is the fifth such announcement under the Congress's 'Gujarat Praja Vikas Darshan-2012'. The party earlier announced it would reduce Value added tax on petrol, diesel and CNG, provide affordable housing for womenwho are homeless or living in rented accommodation, give the rural homeless a 100 sq m plot for free and implement the sixth pay panel's recommendations for government employees.Speaking to reporters, Gujarat Pradesh Congress president Arjun Modhwadia said, \"Once elected to power, Congress will form a 'Gujarat Medical Service Corporation (GMSC)' to provide life-saving drugs for free. In Gujarat, drugs are 15 times more expensive than elsewhere. If medicines are bought in generic form, costs will drop significantly.\"Congress leaders also promised to generic medicines stores at all government hospitals and dispensaries. Modhwadia added: \"By this arrangement, standard quality medicines will be available and it will cut treatment expenditure by up to 70%. A survey by the National Sample Survey Organization revealed that purchase of generic medicines of the same quality as branded ones, would bring down prices of even life-saving drugs from Rs 3,187 to only Rs 255. We have tried this form of treatment with success in Rajasthan.\"He said if the Congress comes to power in Gujarat, about 250 essential drugs, as suggested by the World Health Organization , would be made available free of cost.Modhwadia also said that the Congress will come up with an insurance scheme for the poor and middle income groups, where the person would be insured and the government would pay premiums up to Rs 30,000.\"Yoga, gymnasia and nature cures will be given priority. Alternative therapies like ayurveda , homeopathy and naturopathy will be strengthened. The Congress government will set up gymnasia in the state which would be free for all. Yoga and naturopathy experts will also visit these centres and schools to improve people's lifestyles,\" said Modhwadia.At present, government hospitals store and test blood using old technology which causes poor and middle-class patients problems. The Congress promised to introduce world-class diagnostic test facilities for the people of Gujarat.Modhwadia also said that civil hospitals as well as public and primary health centres will be modernized and doctors and paramedical staff will be inducted with full-scale payment.\"Gujarat's per head health expenditure is Rs 270, while Mizoram spends Rs 1,611, Sikkim 1,466, Goa 1,149, HP 884, Assam 471, Kerala 454, Chhattisgarh 371, Jharkhand 328 and Uttar Pradesh 293. If elected to power, Congress will allocate a larger health budget, to match national standards in per-head health expenditure,\" said Modhwadia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15918819", "title": "Angelina Jolie lookalike stabs cabbie for refusing sex a third time", "text": "LONDON: An Angelina Jolie lookalike is said to have held a terrified taxi driver at knifepoint and forced him to have sex with her.Nicolae Stan claimed that stunning Luminita Perijoc threatened to kill him unless he agreed to perform another sex act with her. \"Later she still stabbed me,\" the Sun quoted Stan as saying.The married dad-of-three claimed that he finally escaped after barricading himself in a bedroom and desperately calling cops from his mobile phone. Nicolae's ordeal started after he dropped off the 30-year-old , who models herself on 'Tomb Raider' star Jolie, at her apartment.\"She asked me to help with her bag but when we were upstairs she got me in to her kitchen and told me she had to have sex,\" he said.\"I don't think she was used to anyone saying no because she flew into a rage when I declined. She took out a knife and forced me to undress,\" he said. The 34-year-old was later taken to hospital with half a dozen knife wounds.Meanwhile Cops in Tulcea , Romania, are investigating the incident.The taxi driver now says his life has been made miserable by pals ribbing him about the fact that he turned down the beautiful double of the Hollywood star.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15917900", "title": "UP envisages Robinhood model for PPP in health care", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Robinhood model will be the guiding principle for the public private partnership in health care in Uttar Pradesh. As per the model, health care services would be provided free of cost to the poor and at a nominal charge to those who can afford.An announcement to this effect was made by mission director, National Rural Health Mission, UP, Mukesh Meshram. \"There is immense potential for corporate sector to execute their corporate social responsibility in the area of health. But in UP, we look forward to an arrangement, where the poor get the service free of cost, while it should be available at a nominal cost to the rest. This however calls for a state specific innovations and solutions,\" Meshram said.The definition of 'poor' however is a debatable issue as normally those holding a below poverty line card are considered poor. But, there are scores of examples to prove that a significant chunk of the genuine poor do not have a BPL card. Influential people in the village tend to 'manage' surveys in their favour.He also informed that the state is formulating a policy for implementing PPP in heath care. \"Consultants at the World Bank-funded UP Health Systems Strengthening Project are working to examine the viability gap in the model,\" he said addressing a conclave on scope and role of corporate social responsibility in health care organised by Confederation of Indian Industry on Tuesday.Meshram added that the government is considering to operate several services in district hospitals and Community Healthcare Centres on the PPP model. In another mega plan, the government is willing to start super speciality hospitals on PPP, and are on the look out for partners to get mobile medical units functional.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15919308", "title": "2 killed in Steel City road accident", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Two youths were killed when the mobike they were riding was knocked doen by a speeding truck on the Tata-Ranchi NH-33 while they were returning home after appearing in an examination on Tuesday.The incident occurred near Shaharbeda under Chandil police station area when Ganesh Kumar Singh (20), a student of Singhbhum College in Chandil town and his friend, Ravi Kumar (21), were returning to their Bagunhatu residence here. While Ravi was killed on the spot, Ganesh succumbed to injuries on way to the hospital.The driver of the truck fled the scene along with the vehicle soon after the accident. \"We have recovered the motorcycle and sent both the bodies to the MGM Hospital for postmortem,\" Chandil police station in-charge Arvind Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15911462", "title": "Varsities asked to list signs of authenticity", "text": "HYDERABAD: Task Force police officials have asked Osmania, Kakatiya and Andhra universities to issue a notification detailing the features of authentic certificates issued to students. The Board of Intermediate Education (BIE) has also been asked to notify similar details such as watermarks.The memo was issued to universities after city Task Force police cracked down on 23 professionals who used fake certificates to get jobs in city-based IT firms. Among the certificates produced were those of Osmania, Andhra and Kakatiya varsities. A total of 800 fake certificates were seized from three counterfeiters at Nampally in June this year.Some universities, including Osmania and Andhra, had last year issued certificates with electro-magnetic chips or RFIDs containing blood group and thumb impressions of students to prevent fraud. BIE certificates have watermarks which cannot be duplicated by ordinary printing machines. A dossier including the details of the same will be put up by officials of various institutions on their websites.In addition, Osmania University has decided to scrutinise the certificates submitted by candidates for admissions to eradicate fakes.Particularly certificates bearing smudged seals are being subjected to strict scrutiny. The Andhra University registrar has warned that criminal cases would be filed against those who submit fake certificates for admissions.A disturbing trend of using fake intermediate certificates has come to light recently. \"There were no such cases till five years ago. But of late some students are using fake certificates to take admission in state universities,\" said Srinivas Kumar, inspector, Task Force, adding that in the end of March this year, they had busted three such rackets.at OU say that several students pursuing BE in affiliated colleges have been using fake certificates of qualifications to take admission\"With AICTE making 40% in group subjects mandatory for admission to engineering colleges, students have been approaching fake certificate makers for the same. As per the police investigation, most of these individuals are from Rajasthan and Orissa,\" said an OU official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15918239", "title": "Man shot in head in broad daylight", "text": "INDORE: A man was shot in the head in broad daylight at Suyash Hospital premises in front of Medical College, here on Tuesday. His condition is said to be critical.According to police, the incident took place at around 9.30 am when Dharmendra Singh, a resident of Ratlam Kothi, was coming out of the Suyash Hospital after seeing his ailing sister-in-law undergoing treatment in the hospital. \"As he was about to leave the hospital on his motorcycle (MP-09 LL2549), an unidentified person fired at him in his head,\" said the police.Singh is nephew of Thakur Uday Singh of Uday Palace Hotel. Police said that he had come to the hospital to see his ailing sister-in-law. \"About 10 minutes before the bullet injury, one person was seen walking up to Dharmendra and speaking to him. As the bullet was shot, people thought that it was sound a tire burst. Soon, Singh was seen lying in a pool of blood. He was taken to Suyash Hospital by the hospital employees and others,\" said the police.Police said that the family members have not been able to name any suspect in the case. However, sources said that Dharmendra was involved in a land dispute. Investigations are on under supervision of SP O P Tripathi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15922548", "title": "Mercury dips, hill birds back in city", "text": "NEW DELHI: As temperatures fall due to continual rain, migratory birds indigenous to the hilly areas are making their way to the city. The first to arrive were painted storks.These birds return to the cooler regions of Himachal Pradesh during summer. Officials say the first batch arrived at Delhi Zoo on August 15.\"The first batch of seven birds flew in by August 15. The numbers grew and have almost touched 100,\" said zoo curator (education) Riaz Khan. In September, birds from Siberia , China and southeast Asia shall migrate to the capital ,\" added Khan. The breeds that will arrive are common teal, coot, dabchick among others.The painted stork breeds in December, and is expected to stay till February. The zoo is making arrangements to attract and retain these birds till they fly away next year.Zoo officials say they will soon increase the quantity of fish in the ponds by 20kg.\"A local fish of two by four inches will be introduced in the ponds as feed for the migratory birds. The first batch of fish will be 20kg,\" said the curator. The amount will be increased as more birds come in.Explaining a unique trait of the painted stork, Khan said, \"These birds do not build their nest from the twigs of the tree that bears them. So we scatter twigs from other trees in the vicinity which could help them build nests,\" said Khan.Last year, around 800 of these white birds with distinctive pink tertial feathers, flew into the capital. They left after incubating in 315 nests that sheltered 1,200 baby storks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15912994", "title": "Teen falls off third floor of college, dies", "text": "MUMBAI: A 16-year-old student, Prasad Bagadia, reportedly fell from the third floor of his college building in Vile Parle (W) on Tuesday afternoon. The class XII student of N M College sustained critical injuries and was rushed to Nanavati Hospital where he died late in the evening.The Juhu police have registered a case of accidental death and are making enquiries to ascertain if the boy had committed suicide or if someone had pushed him.\"We will look into all possible angles,\" said Arun Bhagat, senior police inspector of Juhu police station.As of now, the police are finding it difficult to piece together what had happened as most students on the third floor had left the college after their classes got over. The police will question the teen's friends and classmates about the incident on Wednesday.One of the students heard a loud thud and alerted the college's security guards who found Bagadia lying in a pool of blood in the parking area close to the building. They informed the college management and the police.The victim used to live in Lokhandwala, Andheri (W). The college authorities informed the teen's family about the incident.A source said, \"Bagadia fell on a parked vehicle and sustained serious injuries. He was taken to the hospital where doctors said the next couple of days would be crucial for him. However, Bagadia died due to his injuries late in the evening.\"Sources said there is a sliding window in the gallery on the third floor and students usually slide it open to sit on the windowsill during recess.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15917911", "title": "Granthi booked for suicide by girl in Punjab", "text": "JALANDHAR: Granthi of a gurdwara in village Daulatpur Dhadde near Shahkot has been booked by the police for driving girl to commit suicide by allegedly interfering in her engagement twice.According to the police, family of girl Ramandeep Kaur suspected that granthi Harman Preet Singh (28) was interested in marrying the girl and though she was engaged twice at other places, including once with a boy in Canada he interfered and contacted the other family to ensure that the engagement could not consummate in marriage.Around a month ago, girl's family, including her brother, father and cousins thrashed him and a case was registered against them, as the granthi was injured. A cross case was also registered against him as the girl's kin also sustained some injuries.Her brother Onkar Singh told Shahkot police that she felt let down by granthi was under tension since the incident and would hesitate to come out of her home. On Saturday night she consumed Celfas tablets and was rushed to a hospital where she died on Sunday night. Police registered the case on his complaint on Monday morning but granthi, originally hailing from Bathinda area, had escaped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15921105", "title": "Aarushi murder: High court reserves order on Talwar\u2019s bail", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court on Tuesday reserved order on CBI plea seeking cancellation of the bail of Rajesh Talwar in Aarushi murder case. The order was passed by Justice Bal Krishna Narayan. The CBI counsel said the case of Dr Talwar was remanded to CBI Ghaziabad court by the Supreme Court, but the CBI court wrongly interpreted the apex court order and granted regular bail to Dr Talwar. Therefore, CBI requested the court to cancel his bail. Dr Talwar's counsel argued that the bail was rightly granted by the CBI Ghaziabad court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15915690", "title": "'Maneater of Nagarhole' caught on camera", "text": "NEW DELHI: A tiger that killed a woman on Saturday outside the eastern boundary of Nagarhole Tiger Reserve in Karnataka and was captured by a forest department team on Sunday, has showed up in camera-trapping records which has given officials crucial information about the animal.From the captured tiger's stripe patterns, it has been identified as 'NHT-222', an adult male that was first photo-captured on May 6, 2005 in Metikuppe range of the Nagarahole National Park, according to information provided by Wildlife Conservation Society-India.The data on NHT-222 has helped officials take a quick decision to send the animal to the Mysore zoo. \"When it first showed up on camera in 2005, the tiger's age was estimated to be around four years. That makes the animal at least 12 years old. We also know that it lived inside the Nagarhole tiger reserve but had lately been pushed out by younger competitors as it grew old,\" said K Ullas Karanth, director for science-Asia, Wildlife Conservation Society.In May-end this year, forest department patrols observed an injured tiger the in Sunkadakatte area. From the photos taken by the forest team, WCS identified that tiger as NHT-222.It appears the tiger never recovered, as at the time of its capture it had a serious injury on its front right paw. It also had broken canines. The injured tiger was apparently surviving on livestock kills around agricultural fields outside the tiger reserve before it attacked the woman who was out grazing cattle.The information on NHT-222 is being seen as another success of the intensive camera-trapping project being implemented for years by the Centre for Wildlife Studies (headed by Karanth), in collaboration with the Karnataka forest department and WCS. The programme, the only one of its kind in India, has given rise to a valuable database on large carnivore densities, as well as recruitment and survival rates.\"We know from our data that the Nagarhole-Bandipur forests have a high density of 10-15 tigers per 100 sq km. About 22% of the tiger population is lost every year due to mortality and outward dispersal. NHT-222 has now become a part of this annual loss,\" Karanth said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15917355", "title": "Cabinet approves municipal solid waste project in Bijnor", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as fate of the existing municipal solid waste treatment project in Lucknow hangs in balance, the state government has proposed another such project for the city.On Tuesday, the state cabinet gave its nod to transfer around 15 hectare of land in Palhenda village in Bijnor paragana from agriculture department to the urban development department for the proposed solid waste project. The transfer will be done free of cost.Going by the area, this could be a bigger project than the one existing in Hardoi Road. The municipal solid waste project, as it is technically called, has the capacity to treat around 1400 metric tonne of municipal solid waste. However, the absence of transfer stations has been the biggest hurdle for the project, which, has been receiving barely 60 metric tonne of waste on a daily basis.Interestingly, the site, close to Kanpur Road happens to be close to areas, which are already served by the existing project.The said project, too, is likely to be developed on a public-private-partnership (PPP) model. Officials in the urban development department said that modalities pertaining to the said project would be finalised soon.The selection of site has been the most contentious issue for the past many years. Besides the protest of farmers against acquisition of their land for any such project, resentment amongst local residents too has been the biggest hurdle.Sources, however, said that the said site is relatively far away from the residential areas. Officials, however, refused to divulge whether the said project will be the one incorporated under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission or it will be a state enterprise. The existing project in Hardoi Road is not only funded by the Centre under the JNNURM, but also by the state government and the local body, as well. There was no official word on whether the project will be constructed by UP Jal Nigam or the Lucknow Municipal Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15919904", "title": "Terrible Tuesday: Traffic comes to a grinding halt on Gurgaon expressway", "text": "GURGAON: The expressway on Tuesday morning experienced a 3-km-long traffic jam that left commuters fuming. Traffic was at its peak at around 10.30am and it took almost two hours before smooth vehicular movement could be witnessed on the e-way.The traffic situation was especially bad near exit 6 and vehicles were seen waiting in queues, extending up to Ambience Mall.Those coming from Delhi or travelling to Jaipur were stranded and there was no traffic movement for over half an hour. Sherawat Singh, a commuter who was on his way to Jaipur, said, \"I was going to Jaipur to attend an important business meeting but was stuck in the terrible jam. At one point, my car was stuck in one place for almost 40 minutes. My driver had to drive at some 10 km/hour for a long time, what with the road being chock-a-block with traffic.\"To make matters worse, five cars broke down on the stretch, further blocking vehicular movement. The service lanes were also jampacked. According to a police officer, inadequate space for cars to exit the e-way was a major reason for this congestion.Traffic moving towards the expressway from Shaheed Ripon Katyal Marg was also affected and commuters on this route had to wait for about an hour before they could get to the other side of the e-way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15929523", "title": "Allu Arjun holidaying in Spain", "text": "After participating and wrapping up all the promotional activities for Julayi, stylish star Allu Arjun left to Spain for a short holiday to rejuvenate. Allu Arjun is expected back in the city in the first week of September.On his return, the actor would start shooting for his next film 'Iddarammayilatho', to be directed by Puri Jagannath. Devi Sri Prasad would be composing tunes for the movie, which is produced by Bandla Ganesh Babu. It was also reported that the film would be majority shot in abroad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15928122", "title": "Prabhas\u2019 Rebel release date postponed", "text": "The release date of Prabhas-starrer Rebel has been postponed again. Sources say that the makers are now planning to launch the audio on September 14 and release the film on September 28.Earlier the release of Rebel was planned on September 21 but producers J Bhagawan and J Pulla Rao have revised the dates of the film's music launch and release.Rebel is currently in the last leg of production. The makers recently shot a song sequence on Prabhas and Deeksha Seth along with differently abled kids, and production sources say that the song has come out very well.Buzz is that director Raghava Lawrence is now planning to launch Rebel audio songs through these kids. Lawrence is also composing the music for this film, which also stars Tamannaah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "15913275", "title": "Uva beat Wayamba to reach SLPL final", "text": "COLOMBO: Jacob Oram shone with the bat and ball as Uva Next defeated Wayamba United by 20 runs, despite a valiant resistance from Azhar Mahmood (75 not out), to book a berth in the final of the inaugural Sri Lanka Premier League on Tuesday.Oram, the former New Zealand all-rounder, smashed a 17-ball 41 after Uva opted to bat and then rolled his arms for his medium pace deliveries to rattle the Wayamba top order with three wickets for just 16 runs from his quota of four overs.Chasing a stiff target of 172 for a win, Wayamba could score 151 for eight with their top order producing a disappointing batting display at the R Premadasa Stadium.Former Pakistan all-rounder Mahmood though made a valiant effort by raining fours and sixes towards the end but he found out that it was too late in the day.He and tailender Isuru Udana (42) shared a 120-run stand for the eighth wicket before the latter was out in the final over.Coming into the field in the fifth over when Wayamba were at a precarious 23 for five, Mahmood hit three fours in the 13th over, struck two fours and a six in the 15th and 17th before smashing two sixes and a four in the 18th over.The asking rate though remained at 17 an over in the last two overs and Wayamba needed 26 for a win from the last over.They fell short by 20 runs finally. Mahmood's 47-ball innings had eight fours and four sixes in it.Oram and off-spinner Sachithra Senanayake (2/38) ripped through the Wayamba top order with the former taking the key wickets of skipper Mahela Jayawardene (1), Shehan Jayasuriya (1) and Abdul Razzaq (3), the last two from consecutive deliveries in the fifth over.This was after Senanayake had claimed the wickets of both the openers Tamim Iqbal (11) and Dinesh Chandimal (5) in front of a cheering 20,000 crowd.Pakistan pacer Umar Gul (2/18) then took over and he dismissed Kaushalya Weeraratne (0) and Milinda Siriwardana (3) in the sixth over to leave Wayamba at 23 for six.Wayamba had done well in the league stage as they had topped the table with five wins from six matches.Except for Iqbal, Mahmood and Udana, none of the other batsmen could reach double digits.They lost two wickets at the same score of 19 and lost three at the same score of 23.The second semifinal will be played tomorrow at the same venue between Nagenhira Nagas and Kandurata Warriors.Earlier, West Indian veteran Shivnarine Chanderpaul remained not out on 50 as he and Oram resurrected the Uva innings after a struggling start.Oram set the stadium on fire with a show of power hitting as he smashed five sixes and a four for a quick-fire 17-ball 41 after Uva Next opted to bat.He changed the complexion of Uva Next innings by taking 20 runs from the 18th over bowled by Azhar Mahmood.He stitched 56 runs for the sixth wicket with Shivnarine Chanderpaul from just four overs.Before the rollicking stand, which was dominated by Oram, Uva Next were struggling at 89 for five in the 14th overs.They lost wickets at regular intervals and could not build a substantial partnership before the Oram-Chanderpaul stand.Chanderpaul continued after Oram's departure, who fell to Mahmood, and took the score to 171 by hitting two fours in the last two balls of the innings bowled by Mahmood.For Wayamba, Abdul Razzaq was the pick of bowlers with figures of two for 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15911949", "title": "8-car rakes for elevated rail corridor?", "text": "MUMBAI: Western Railway's elevated corridor may have 8-car services, instead of the planned 15-car, due to obstacles in land acquisition. The authorities feel that the shorter the train's length, the less area will be required to build platforms.An official explained that having 8-car services will not reduce the passenger carrying capacity. He said, \"The frequency of 15-car services was to be three minutes, or 20 per hour. But the 8-car services will be every two minutes or 30 per hour.\"The railways are reworking the project's finer points after the state government raised a red flag on its offer to allow commercial exploitation of its land parcels.It has issued a modified project information report, in which it has deleted land parcels at various spots in Mumbai Central, Mahalaxmi, Lower Parel, Bandra, Santa Cruz, Andheri, Jogeshwari and Borivli, whose cumulative area adds up to 1.32 square metres.A railway official said, \"After receiving feedback from interested parties, we are open to allowing multi-storey towers above station premises, which will substantially help generate funds for the project worth Rs 21,000 crore at present cost. After this option is utilized, we can think of offering land from our parcels.\"An alternative alignment has been proposed after a joint visit of WR's general manager Mahesh Kumar and state chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia recently. At Vile Parle, where there is a paucity of land, the railways are considering to take the project underground, or build it at a height of five metres from ground level. This is being done to ensure that the elevated tracks do not come in the path of the airport funnel.The possibility of a change in alignment between Malad and Borivli to reduce the requirement of acquisition and razing of buildings is also being examined.The state government may give the railways the right of way on roads adjoining railway tracks in these areas, a source said. The railways had planned to acquired 25 hectares on a 60km stretch between the Oval Maidan and Virar. Banthia said the rehabilitation approach should be litigation-free to avoid delays in project execution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15918341", "title": "Hearing on Development Plan for merged villages begins", "text": "PUNE: The crucial exercise to decide the fate of biodiversity parks (BDPs) and green belts started on Tuesday with the state town planning department opening the process of hearing suggestions and objections to the draft Development Plan (DP) for the 23 merged villages.The department's deputy director Avinash Patil and other officials were at the meeting. \"We will complete the hearing. If required we will conduct spot visits to check the ground situation. All citizens who have raised suggestions and objections will be given a complete and patient hearing,\" said Patil.On the first day, green activists including Anita Gokhale Benninger, Satish Khot and other activists strongly advocated BDPs. They questioned the deletion of nullah garden reservations in the DP. Activists also wanted the state to make public the report submitted by the experts' committee on BDPs. Questions were also raised on abolition of water scarcity zones.A group of citizens from Warje objected to reservations of amenities on their lands while vast tracts nearby were left out.In 1997, 23 villages on the city's fringes were merged into PMC limits. The civic body then took up the task of drawing up a DP and a planning committee was set up. The committee handed in the final draft in December 2004. This included a critical proposal that banned construction on hills and river banks. Besides, it was recommended that 1,600 hectare should be earmarked for a BDP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15914208", "title": "No link between man's sexual drive and low sperm count", "text": "NEW DELHI: Varun and Priya Gupta (name changed) had failed to have a child even after six years of their marriage. A visit to a fertility expert, however, came as a shocker for Varun, who had till then blamed his wife for failing to conceive.Varun's semen analysis test showed that he suffered from oligospermia (low sperm count). He was advised to go in for either Assisted Reproductive Technology (ART) or Intra Cytoplasmic Sperm Injection (ICSI).Experts say that it is a common misconception that low sperm count is a corollary to deflated libido. Doctors say that there is no connection between a man's sexual drive and low sperm count. All men with lower sperm count are not likely to have lower libido due to lower testosterone.\"A man with a high libido or sex drive may suffer from low sperm count. The two aren't connected,\" said fertility expert Dr Sonia Malik.An increasing number of Indian men are suffering from both reduced sperm count and sub-optimal sperm quality.Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad said last Friday that studies are showing that not only is infertility increasing among Indian men, their sperm count and sperm quality too is taking a beating due to \"xenobiotics emanating from chemical industries\".Doctors from All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) had earlier found that while the sperm count of a normal Indian adult male used to be 60 million per ml just three decades ago, now it is around 20 million per ml. Over 12-18 million couples in India are diagnosed with infertility every year.Dr Tanya Buckshee Rohatgi, fertility expert from Max Hospital, says there appears to be a global decline in semen quality and a host of influences like environmental exposure, nutritional, behavioral, or genetic factors seemed to be the cause.Proposed behavioral factors include a rise in obesity, diabetes , and overall poor health and unfitness in men or factors lumped under the umbrella term \"urban lifestyle\".\"Although only one sperm is needed to fertilize an egg, several studies have shown that its fertilizing ability starts diminishing if the sperm concentration is below 15 million/ml or if the percentage of normal spermatozoa is below 5% (an average ejaculation contains about 66 million per ml). However, men can produce new sperm every 68-74 days and in case of an abnormal sperm test it should be repeated to confirm the results. On the contrary, women are born with a fixed egg number, which declines with age especially after 35 years,\" Dr Rohatgi said.Dr Rohatgi says men with low sperm counts are often advised to abstain from sex to improve their sperm count. However, new research suggests that too much abstinence can damage the DNA (genetic make up) of the sperm that is produced.Dr Malik says the main cause of male infertility is because of faulty sperm count, and has no reflection on the individual's sexual prowess.\"Sometimes men with testicular problems may have very low sperm count. Anti-oxidants have very good effect on testis. We tell our patients they must have lot of fruits and green vegetables in their diet which is high on anti-oxidants,\" she said.A new study by scientists from the U S Department of Energy's Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory on Tuesday found that a healthy intake of micronutrients is associated with improved sperm DNA quality in older men.In an analysis of 80 healthy male volunteers between 22 and 80 years, the scientists found that men older than 44 who consumed most vitamin C had 20% less sperm DNA damage compared to those in the same age group but consumed least vitamin C. The same findings hold good for vitamin E, zinc, and folate.\"It appears that consuming more micronutrients such as vitamin C, E, folate and zinc helps turn back the clock for older men. We found that men who are 44 and older and consumed at least the recommended dietary allowance of certain micronutrients had sperm with a similar amount of DNA damage as the sperm of younger men,\" says Andy Wyrobek of Berkeley Lab's Life Sciences Division.\"This means that men who are at increased risk of sperm DNA damage because of advancing age can do something about it. They can make sure they get enough vitamins and micronutrients in their diets or through supplements,\" adds Wyrobek.Their research comes as more men, who over 35 have children, raising public health concerns. Previous research conducted in Wyrobek's lab found that the older a man is, the more he's likely to have increased sperm DNA fragmentation, chromosomal rearrangements and DNA strand damage. Older men are also more likely to have increased frequencies of sperm carrying certain gene mutations, such as those leading to dwarfism. These findings help explain why aging men are less fertile and are predicted to have more chromosomally defective pregnancies and a higher proportion of offspring with genetic defects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15920832", "title": "Rose Mary bags Yesenin award", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Poet Rose Mary has been selected for the fourth Sergei Yesenin award instituted in memory of Russian poet Sergei Yesenin. The award is jointly instituted by Russian Cultural Centre here and State Yesenin Museum in Moscow.The honour comes in recognition of her contributions towards popularizing Russian poetry and other literary works in Kerala.Rose Mary has translated poems of Anna Akhamatova, Yevgeny Evtushenko, Andrey Voznesenskiy and Boris Pasternak into Malayalam. The Russian culture centre is about to publish her collection of Malayalam translation of Russian poems soon. The book release and award presentation would be held here in October, said Russian Cultural Centre director Ratheesh C Nair. here on Tuesday.An award committee headed by Moscow State Esenin Museum director Swetlana Shetrokova selected Rose Mary for the award. Poets ONV Kurup, Puthussery Ramachandran Nair and D Vinayachandran had earlier won the Yesenin award.The award carries Yesenin medal, citation and a statute designed by Russian sculptor Radonski", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "women robbed", "code": "15911987", "title": "Women robbed", "text": "Women robbed: Two incidents of snatching and theft were reported in city on Tuesday. Raj Grower of Sector 44 was near her residence when two motorcyclists escaped after snatching her gold chain. Raj said motorcycle was without numberplate and both youths were wearing helmets. Meanwhile, two unidentified women reportedly hypnotized Kamla Devi of Sector 19, Panchkula, and stole her gold bracelet at CTU bus stop near PGI on Tuesday. Police said women have also taken her gold earrings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "15911986", "title": "Tipsy man ends fight with shots", "text": "MOHALI: Five days after Jatinderpreet Singh, a travel agent fired shots from his licenced revolver at his neighbour's vehicle, puncturing two wheels over a parking row, a tipsy Sukhpreet Singh, 45, fired three gunshots in the air while intervening in a verbal altercation between two neighbours near his house in Phase V on Monday night.The firing incidently took place on World Anger Day. Sukhpreet, who works with a private institute in Ropar was arrested on Monday night and was sent to judicial custody on Tuesday. Medical examination of Sukhpreet confirmed the presence of alcohol in his body. Police recovered three empty shells from the spot and have seized his .32 bore revolver.The incident took place around 11.30pm, when Mamta Sharma and her neighbour Raju Kamboj were having a verbal altercation over a minor issue and Sukhpreet suddenly arrived on the spot. Though Mamta has stated in her complaint that Kamboj had thrashed her, cops have only taken action against Sukhpreet, though they are probing Raju's role too.Talking to TOI, Rajneesh Sharma, husband of complainant Mamta, said, \"My wife and my next door neighbour Raju were having an argument, when Sukhpreet arrived on the spot and fired three shots. Raju also thrashed my wife and she has received bruises on both her arms.\"Mamta said Sukhpreet was not involved in the altercation she was having with her neighbour Raju in any way but he still \"deliberately intervened and opened fire in support of her neighbour Raju.\" She charged that Manu Kamboj, Raju's mother, goaded him to thrash her.Manu and her son refused to comment when TOI contacted them.The firing caused panic in the area. Local residents come out their houses and asked Rajneesh and his wife Mamta to call the police.Inspector Gurdeep Singh, SHO of the police station in Phase-I, said three empty shells have been recovered from the spot and the licensed revolver of Sukhpreet has also been seized. A case was registered at the Phase-I police station.Jatinderpreet in judicial custodyJatinderpreet Singh, a resident of Phase-VI, who had fired at the wheels of his neighbour's Innova, puncturing two wheels over a parking row, is in judicial custody in a Patiala jail. Jatinderpreet procured the licence for his revolver after getting clearance from the district administration, Mohali. The weapon that was registered on his residential address, is now in police possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15918744", "title": "Tusker was part of herd run over by train", "text": "COIMBATORE: The tusker that attacked the CRPF personnel on Tuesday was part of a herd that had met with a tragic accident on February 4, 2008, according to wildlife activists who frequent the area. Four elephants were killed when a train, travelling at a speed in the excess of 135 Kmph, rammed the six-member herd near Walayar at around 1.30am. Three elephants including a pregnant female, and a calf were killed on the spot. The impact was so powerful that four bogies of the train derailed.According to Gunasekharan, a wildlife photographer, the tusker in spotlight was one of the two elephants that escaped then. Though it joined another herd some months later, the jumbo didn't really overcome the impact of the tragedy that befell its friends. Since then, this tusker is reported to have destroyed crops in farms adjoining its territory and has attacked people on several occasions. Just two days ago, it charged at a boy at Arivoli Nagar.\"Elephants have long memories. It is clear that the elephant which witnessed the death of its herd members attacked the CRPF personnel,\" says S Guruvayurappan, project officer, Wildlife Protection Society of India. He suggests that the forest authorities must take the initiative to get the rail track that passes through the jungle shifted. And, no large-scale human activity or electric fences should be allowed in the area, he adds.District forest officer V Thirunavukarasu has promised that hereafter no one will be allowed to train- CRPF had gone in to train personnel in jungle warfare -- inside the Madukkarai forests. According to Guruvayurappan, there are about seven elephant migratory passages between Madukkarai and Palakkad. As it has been a traditional elephant corridor, the herds do not come into conflict with men. But when the passages are blocked or disturbed by man-made intrusions, the animals turn violent. So the department must take extreme care,\" says Guruvayurappan.N I Jalaludheen, president of The Nature Conservation Society, points out that elephants have the right to roam the elephant paths. \"We are having a night-long observation on the movement of the elephant that attacked CRPF personal,\" he says, adding that construction works in the periphery of the forests that pose a threat to elephant paths ought to be stopped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "clock tower", "code": "15912519", "title": "Fresher bash gets everyone dancing", "text": "CLOCK TOWER: A freshers' party was organized at Master Tara Singh Memorial College for Women, to introduce the new faces to the college and help them become a part of the enthusiasm, fun and legacy of the institution.The most awaited party of the year , \"Blooming Freshto\" for the MBA students was marked with gaiety and fun where the senior students presented impromptu competitions and games like mimicry, dance performances and singing among several others.The highlight of the Monday's party was a modelling categorized in different rounds, first being the introduction round. Amid claps and applause, the new faces of the batch introduced themselves to the teachers and senior batches and walked down the ramp. Kamini Sharma was crowned Ms Fresher while Shweta and Neha were declared first and second runners-up, respectively. Ms Verve title was given to Sakshi, while Ms Popular tag was given to Jyoti.Principal Parveen Kaur Chawla wished all the students success with an assurance that department will provide them with the best academic atmosphere. She also sought the co-operation of students in maintaining the discipline and standards in the campus and the department. The function concluded with a dance party organized for the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15821594", "title": "World premiere for Student Of The Year\u2019s disco song", "text": "The first single from Karan Johar's Student Of The Year soundtrack The Disco Song, a reworked version of Nazia Hassan's Disco Deewane, will be premiered today across 16 music channels, FM radio and several online platforms. The music channels will play it between 8 and 8.30 pm. It has been picturised on the lead cast Siddharth Malhotra, Alia Bhatt and Varun Dhawan.Says director Karan Johar excitedly, \"It's a great adaptation. Vishal and Shekhar came up with the idea of revisiting the song. The picturisation by Remo is super cool and the three debutants have really rocked and rolled to this disco track. I honestly hope the song climbs charts the way we would love it to!'' Shridhar Subramaniam, President and Managing Director Sony Music India said, \"Our association with Karan goes back to our very first film together Kuch Kuch Hota Hai. We are delighted to continue our uninterrupted association with the hugely anticipated Student of the Year. We have together set and created benchmarks with every one of Karan's films and his impeccable track record of creating hit songs.\" Student of the Year, produced by Dharma Productions, releases on October 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15922179", "title": "Did vaastu lead to wall demolition?", "text": "BANGALORE: Did vaastu play on the mind of CM's political secretary Shankar Patil Munenkoppa as he got a wall demolished in the 1956-built Vidhana Soudha? The answer is both yes and no.Officials of the public works department said the demolition had nothing to do with vaastu. But there are reports that the demolition was part of a plan to construct new interiors and also to make it vaastu compliant.Ever since new ministers in the Jagadish Shettar cabinet moved in, astrologers and vaastu experts are in demand to ensure ministers have good vaastu in their offices. Shettar himself is an atheist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15916705", "title": "Firm to soon face criminal action for poor seed quality", "text": "NASHIK: The zilla parishad (ZP) has decided to prosecute a seed-providing company for supplying substandard tomato seeds to farmers.Not satisfied with the reply from agriculture development officer that the company would be tried in the consumer court should more farmers register their complaints, the ZP president Jayshree Pawar, has called for the initiation of criminal proceedings against the company, Sygenta.During the parishad's standing committee meeting, members demanded stern and quick action as the mediocre material had forced farmers to uproot their crops mid- season, at a time when the monsoon,too, was playing truant, and only adding to their growing pile of worries.\"The condition of farmers is very bad as the substandard tomato seeds have wasted their season and they are now left with nothing in their hands,\" ZP member from Satana, Anil Patil, said adding that the farmers were liable for compensation but there had been no movement on that front.While agriculture development officer, Shivaji Amle, said that there were 109 cases against the seeds company and formal cases would be lodged in consumer courts, he had pointed out that there no farmers were willing to take the lead to file complaints in Mohadi, where the labels for a number of seed packets were learnt to have been tampered with.Earlier, the office had cancelled the permission of two seeds dealers for label tampering in the wake of farmers from Dindori complaining about tomato seeds supplied by the company.The farmers sowed the seeds but the fruits were defective and the farmers were forced to uproot the crop resulting in severe financial lossed being incurred by the farmes.Stunned by the development, the ZP has now immediately asked that all seed supply stores stop vending seeds sold by Syngenta. It also withdrew packets and has also initiated a formal enquiry against the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15920333", "title": "Police protection for runaway couple", "text": "GURGAON: A runaway couple approached a Gurgaon court seeking police protection after they were threatened by the girl's relatives. The court sent them to SCERT hostel and issued a notice to the SHO, Farrukhnagar, asking him to take necessary steps to ensure the couple's safety.Counsel for the couple, advocate Durgesh Bokan said, \"The court has instructed the police to protect the duo and ensure their stay at the shelter house till September, 3, 2012.\"The couple, Tarun Kumar (22), resident of Mahchana village and Jyoti (19), resident of Khera Kurrampur village knew each other for the past few years. When they decided to tie the knot, they informed their parents. But Jyoti's father and mother along with her two uncles strongly opposed the match. The couple finally got married in Arya Samaj Mandir in Rohini, Delhi, following which they were staying in Jyoti's maternal house. \"But my parents and uncles were livid and they threatened to get us killed. So we had no choice but to approach the city court to safeguard our lives and liberty,\" said Jyoti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15919007", "title": "Doctors protest against Sonahatu incident", "text": "RANCHI: Doctors and staff of Sadar Hospital wore black ribbons on Tuesday to protest against rising incidents of violence against medical practitioners for deaths of patients because of alleged negligence.On Sunday morning, a patient was declared dead by community health centre in-charge Pratima Srivastava in Sonahatu. Later, four persons with political affiliations manhandled her accusing her of negligence. They demanded that Ranchi civil surgeon be called to the spot to to sort out the matter.Sadar Hospital spokesman Abhimanyu Lokesh said, \"The civil surgeon paid a visit to the centre after the incident but the miscreants started misbehaving with him, too, and he along with the hospital in charge were made to stand in the sun for three hours. Police rescued them later. In protest, the doctors of Sadar Hospital decided that they would protest against the incident by wearing black ribbons.\"The doctors also decided that unless the four miscreants were arrested, they would continue to protest and failing which they would go on for indefinite strike. A memorandum was also sent to the deputy commissioner and the SP in the evening to take action on them soon. \"If the demands are not met, we will go for indefinite strike which will paralyze medical services, except the emergency services, in Ranchi district.\"Other organizations that are in support of the cause are Indian Medical Association, Karamchari Mahasangh and all the district primary health centers. \"In Sonahatu, no medical service except the emergency service was provided on Tuesday,\" said Lokesh.Civil surgeon-cum-chief medical officer A K Chaudhary said, \"The Sonhatu incident was humiliating and by commenting on that I don't want to suffer further humiliation. People should go to the deputy commissioner for comments.\"Two days back, a similar incident happened at K C Roy Memorial Hospital where a professor of Women's College and warden of the hostel died because of alleged medical negligence. The college students and other teachers misbehaved with the doctors and hospital staff to protest against the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15917780", "title": "Punjab and Haryana high court Bar Association in favour of National Judicial Commission", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking a tough stand on \"corruption\" and \"non-transparency\" in judiciary, the Punjab and Haryana high court Bar Association on Tuesday passed a resolution supporting the constitution of National Judicial Commission to do away with the age old system pertaining to selection of high court judges and regulating their affairs.The full house of the Bar body also demanded the transfer of all those local judges whose relatives are practicing in the local high court.The association unanimously resolved that it is the need of the hour to constitute National Judicial Commission to deal with the appointment/transfers of judges to high courts so as to regain the eroding faith of general public in the Indian judicial system. According to the association, such a commission would help in various serious matters involving the appointment of high court judges in their respective home states, non-transparent system of appointment of judges to the high court, non-transfer of judges whose relatives are practicing in the same high court, lack of appropriate and effective mechanism for taking any action against corrupt judges.President of the Bar association, Kulbir Singh Dhaliwal said a memorandum will be submitted in this regard to the President, Prime Minister, Chief Justice of India, Chief Justice of Punjab and Haryana high court and the Union law minister, urging them to seriously consider the need for constituting National Judicial Commission by an amendment is the Bill -- Judicial Standards and Accountability-2010, which has been introduced in the Lok Sabha.The meeting of the general house was convened on a requisition signed by about 1200 advocates demanding abolition of collegiums system for appointment of high court/Supreme Court judges, transfer of judges whose relatives are practicing in same high Court, filing up of all the vacant posts of higher judiciary, formation of in-house-committees to weed out corrupt judges, non-allocation of work to corrupt judges till the findings of in house-committee and minimum age for elevation to be 55 years for judgeship.Criticizing the selection criteria of high court judges, advocate A K Sinha said it is very strange that India is the only country, where judges select a judge in a completly non-transparent manner. He termed the contempt powers of the judges as \"judicial terrorism\". Advocate Ripudama Singh advocated for three years tenure for the judges at one place. Advocate Yaspal Malik said that kith and kin of judges are getting favor from the uncle judges. Advocate Ranjan Lakhanpal demanded for a plan of action, rather than merely passing resolutions on the issues.Addressing the gathering of lawyers, advocate Tahar Singh demanded the boycotting of the court of a Judge who was allegedly \"unnecessarily reprimanding\" the lawyers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15918184", "title": "Driver stuck in bus after mishap rescued", "text": "PUNE: The driver of a private bus, who was stuck in the cabin after the vehicle crashed into a cement-laden truck on Paud Road on Tuesday, was rescued by Hinjewadi police and fire brigade personnel in a two-and-a-half-hour operation.The driver, Priyakumar Phatak, sustained injuries on both legs and is undergoing treatment in a private hospital.Senior police inspector of the Hinjewadi police station Satish Deore told TOI that the accident took place at 7 am near the toll booth on Paud Road. \"The bus was ferrying employees of a private company. The impact was such that the bus driver's cabin was stuck in the rear portion of the truck,\" Deore said.The passengers escaped unhurt, but the driver was stuck. \"The Hinjewadi police rushed to the spot, but we could not pull him out. We then summoned the fire brigade, cranes and an earth mover to the spot,\" he said.Fire officer Gajanan Patrudkar said that the driver had bled profusely and was almost unconscious. \"We tried to remove him from the driving seat, but his legs were stuck. We had to cut the driver's cabin, but were still not able to extricate him,\" Patrudkar said.The crane, the earth mover and the police van were then used to pull the truck and the bus apart. \"Within 45 minutes, we had cut the front portion of the bus and freed the driver's legs and rushed him to hospital,\" Patrudkar said. The accident caused traffic jam on Paud Road. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15909756", "title": "Flying costly", "text": "Flying out of Chennai could become expensive - from tickets to coffee. Passengers may have to shell out several times more than the current rates with the Airports Economic Regulatory Authority (AERA) suggesting a steep hike in airport charges to recover the cost incurred in setting up the new terminals.Airlines and passengers are not happy though the user development fee proposed is not as high as that in private airports at Delhi, Hyderabad, Bangalore and Mumbai. An AERA consultation paper proposes a user development fee of ` 165 per domestic passenger and ` 667 per international passenger from next year. It wants a hike in international aircraft landing charges by 118%, domestic landing charges by 48% and parking and housing charges for aircraft by 83% from November this year.AERA will meet representatives of airlines, passengers and trade bodies on Thursday in Delhi to consider their views. Those who cannot attend the meeting can send in their comments and criticism with proof by September 19. The tariff is expected to be finalised by the end of September.The modernization and expansion at Chennai airport - construction of two new terminals, extending of the second runway, construction of a bridge across the Adyar, re-construction of taxiways, construction of parallel taxiway and upgrading cargo facilities - cost Rs 2,862 crore. The Airports Authority of India (AAI) proposed that this be recovered from passengers, airlines and commercial establishments inside terminals. A senior AAI official said, \"retail, commercial offices, advertisement, ticketing for visitors, duty free shop, car parking and land leasing are the areas from where AAI plans to generate most of non-aeronautical revenue in rent or licence fee.\" The AERA paper says space available to generate revenue from these avenues will increase from 24,380 sq m to 44,377 sq m when new terminals are opened.A few stakeholders here said they didn't receive the paper on time and the Air Passengers Association of India (APAI) plans to oppose the move. \"Development should not be at passengers' cost. We have been raising the issue from the beginning. Chennai is going to follow the example of Delhi and other private airports. Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) report has criticized the practice,\" said APAI national president D Sudhakara Reddy.Airline representatives say high landing and parking fees make Chennai airport an expensive destination. \"The new international terminal is not up to the mark. A few facilities have not been designed with users in mind,\" said an airline official. User fee and non-aeronautical charges like license fee for shops and establishments vary from one airport to another. GMR, which runs Delhi airport, has suggested a more than 300% increase in fees to recover investment of Rs 12,000 crore for new terminals. \"In Mumbai the fees are expected to go up several-fold when the new integrated terminal built at Rs 5,000 crore is opened,\" said a Jet Airways official.\"A few foreign carriers are contemplating whether it is viable to operate to Chennai as ground charges are so high. Lufthansa has filed a public interest litigation at a Delhi court while Singapore Airlines criticised the proposal,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15914167", "title": "Weighbridges out of order", "text": "BANGALORE: BBMP which has pathetically failed in scientific management at landfills, has no proper weighbridges also. \"Yes, it has come to my notice that the weighbridges at the landfills are not in working condition,\" said mayor D Venkatesh Murthy here on Tuesday.Following villagers' protests at Doddaballapur, Mandur and Mavallipura landfills, the Palike is forced to dump garbage in quarry fields near S Bhangi Pura and on Bannerghatta Road. We have found suitable land near Chintamani, Koratagere near Tumkur,\" said the mayor.Garbage dumped in forest areaAt Mavallipura landfill, BBMP has dumped more than 10,000 tonnes of garbage over the years in 25 acres of forest land. \"BBMP must take out the accumulated garbage from forest area which is giving out leachate (any liquid that passes through matter) thus, causing groundwater pollution,\" said outgoing BBMP commissioner M K Shankarlinge Gowda.Asked about the inefficiency of private firms in Mavallipura and Mandur that have failed to generate electricity over the years, Gowda said that the contracts were earlier allotted possibly to inexperienced firms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15931920", "title": "Nikki Haley takes a dig at Obama", "text": "WASHINGTON: Identifying herself as the proud daughter of Indian immigrants, South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley took a dig at US President Barack Obama for suggesting that business owners can't claim credit for their success.Delivering a prime time speech during the ongoing Republican national convention in Tampa , Florida, Haley recollected the success story of the business of her parents.\"I am the proud daughter of Indian immigrants who reminded my brothers, my sister and me every single day how blessed we were to live in this country. They loved the fact that only in America, we could be as successful as we wanted to be and nothing would stand in our way,\" Haley said.Obama in a campaign-trail comment recently had said, \"If you have got a business, you did not built that\", suggesting they can't claim credit for their businesses.\"My parents started a business out of the living room of our home and, 30-plus years later, it was a multi-million dollar company.But there wasn't a single day that was easy and there wasn't a single day my Mom and Dad didn't put everything they had into making that business a success,\" she said.\"So, President Obama, with all due respect, don't tell me that my parents didn't build their business,\" Haley said in her speech in the presence of thousands of party men in Tampa, and being watched nationwide live over nationwide.\"Almost forty-five years after my parents first became Americans, I stand before you and them tonight as the proud governor of the state of South Carolina,\" she said.Haley in January 2011 created history by becoming only the second Indian American Governor of a US State and the first woman governor of South Carolina.\"And, sadly, the hardest part of my job continues to be this federal government, this administration, this President,\" she said.\"As I said, my parents loved that when they came to America, if you worked hard, the only things that could stop you were the limits you placed on yourself. Unfortunately, these past few years, you can work hard, try to be as successful as possible, follow the rules, and President Barack Obama will do everything he can to stand in your way,\" Haley said.\"In 2009, South Carolina was blessed to welcome a great American company that chose to stay in our country to continue to do business. That company was Boeing,\" she said.Boeing started a new line for their 787 Dreamliner, creating 1,000 new jobs in South Carolina.\"And what did President Obama and his National Labor Relations Board do? They sued this iconic American company. It was shameful. And not worthy of the promise of America,\" she said.Haley said Romney is results driven.\"He's taken broken companies and made them successful. He took a failing Olympics and made it a source of pride for our country. He went into a Democratic state, cut taxes, brought in jobs and improved education,\" she said adding that he actually balanced his budget.\"This is a man at peace with who he is, with the challenges he faces, and with what he intends to accomplish. This is a man who is not just a candidate looking to win an election, but a leader yearning to return our nation to its greatest potential,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15911594", "title": "Expect more rain soon", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A ray of hope has emerged in the middle of drought. The weather department has predicted heavy to moderate rains all over the state on Tuesday and Wednesday. This spell will come as a boon, especially for farmers in Saurashtra and Kutch who are facing a severe fodder shortage. Officials said rains are expected to occur in most parts of these two scarcity-hit regions as well.Weather officials said that heavy rain will occur under the influence of two upper air circulations. \"An upper air circulation lies over east Madhya Pradesh and adjoining areas while another upper air circulation lies over Gujarat. This will give very heavy, heavy to moderate rains all over Gujarat region including east, north, central and south Gujarat as well many parts of Saurashtra and Kutch,\" said Manorama Mohanty, senior meteorologist of India Meteorology Department (IMD), Gujarat.Officials said Gujarat is facing a rain deficit of 60%. Gujarat region has had 46% less rain than normal, while Saurashtra and Kutch have a 79% rain deficit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15916050", "title": "Dengue claims hospital staff, affects new areas", "text": "KOLKATA: Dengue has claimed yet another life in the city. Thirty-year-old Mary Banwar, a support staff at Rabindranath Tagore International Institute of Cardiac Sciences, died in the hospital on Tuesday. This is the fifth confirmed death but the list may get longer. Two children had died at BC Roy Hospital on Monday of suspected dengue shock syndrome.The government is still in denial mode but private hospitals have run out of room and thousands of dengue victims are being treated at home, say sources. Families of these patients have to run to laboratories every day to get the platelet count checked. They are jittery because as in Mary's case, a patient's condition may deteriorate far too quickly to get help.Mary was admitted to hospital on Monday with high fever. Blood reports confirmed dengue. Though her platelet count stood at 150,000, her condition deteriorated suddenly and rapidly. She suffered a cardiac arrest around 6am on Tuesday. Initially revived on ventilation, she kept sinking and died around 12.50pm. She was a resident of Jamshedpur and had been working with RTIICS since 2008.Health officials are alarmed because the disease is spreading to south Kolkata and the New Alipore area after sweeping Salt Lake and areas around EM Bypass. The administration is still trying to suppress figures when dengue has spread rapidly to south Kolkata \u2014 particularly areas like Gariahat, Ballygunge and New Alipore which had escaped earlier outbreaks.The government has not officially recorded even a single dengue death this year although the disease has claimed five lives. Mary Banwar, an employee of Rabindranath Tagore International Institute of Cardiac Sciences, died on Tuesday (TOI has a copy of her death certificate that clearly mentions dengue shock syndrome).So far, the majority of dengue cases were being reported from Salt Lake and areas dotting the EM Bypass. Now a large number of dengue patients are being rushed to hospitals from other localities of the city, a clear indication that the virus is on the rampage all over Kolkata, unchecked. KMC sources said that hundreds of cases had been reported from Kasba, Garfa, Haltu and EM Bypass areas in southern fringe in the last few days.\"We are getting dengue patients from localities like Thakurpukur and Phoolbagan. Thankfully, we could send 17 patients back home after they got well last week. We have only two patients admitted currently and they are stable,\" said Suparna Sengupta, chief operating officer Woodlands Nursing Home.The administration is conducting awareness drives on loudspeakers and is sanitizing mosquito breeding areas but it may be too little too late.\"Right now we are treating 28 dengue patients, including children of doctors. These patients are from localities like Alipore, Behala, Jadavpur, Kidderpore and Regent Park,\" said Dr Sudeshna Lahiri, assistant medical superintendent of Calcutta Medical Research Institute (CMRI).Since August 17, CMRI has treated 61 other patients. The viral fever has gripped Gariahat, Ballygunge,Topsia, Tiljala, Kasba and Thakurpukur as well. Calcutta National Medical and Hospital has around 20 suspected dengue patients who were brought in from Park Circus, Tiljala, Topsia and Tangra.The condition of many patients is said to be critical. They are scattered in several hospitals. Doctors are so hard-pressed that they are advising admission only to the very serious cases \u2014 those that are suffering from a fluctuating platelet count, dehydration, vomiting, severe pain and high fever.\"Many dengue cases can be treated at home so we are admitting only those who need hospital treatment. All patients admitted in our hospital are doing well except for three, including a child,\" said Dr Arindam Kar, critical care in-charge in Medica Superspecialty Hospital.Apart from hospitals, individual doctors are getting hordes of patients who are suspected to be affected by dengue. \"The number of patients with high fever and symptoms of dengue is increasing by the day. Though the civic authority has begun dengue control and management exercises, it is too late. It should have begun as soon as the sporadic cases were reported,\" said Dr Saumitra Bhattacharyya who runs a private clinic at Salt Lake.The railway-run BR Singh hospital, which caters to only railway employees and their families, has 12 dengue patients.MMiC, health, Arin Ghosh said that 774 of the 1,405 samples tested so far have come positive for dengue in the NS1 test and 204 in IGM tests. \"Massive fogging operations\" were being carried out in all 141 wards of Kolkata Municipal Corporation, along with awareness campaigns, he said.Dengue attacks have been reported from Asansol, Siliguri and Jalpaiguri as well, sources said. Seven persons have been affected by dengue in Jalpaiguri, health department sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15910482", "title": "Film producer held for cheating partner", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 45-year-old film producer, who allegedly cheated his business partner here and fled to Mumbai five years ago, was arrested from Malviya Nagar.The accused, Ajay Yadav, whose film 'Overtime' -- that he produced and directed--was released recently, was arrested on Friday on a tip off, said Ajay Chaudhury, additional commissioner of police (southeast).Yadav was declared a proclaimed offender in two cases of cheating registered against him in 2001 and 2002. He was accused of cheating by his partner RK Wadhwa.Yadav had allegedly forged share certificates and sold them illegally. A case of stealing a cheque book and misusing was also lodged by Wadhwa against him.Yadav, who hails from Mathura, is a Commerce graduate and came to Delhi in 1998 to start a business of exporting vegetables and fruits to West Asia. \"He started cheating his ownpartner by misappropriating amounts through forged cheques of his partner and then kept doing this kind of crime with others also. He absconded from Delhi in 2007 and started staying in Andheri West.\"There he posed as exporter as well as film producer in Mumbai. His latest film 'Overtime' was released on August 10. During questioning he told us that two more films are in progress,\" Chaudhury said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15911683", "title": "Filmmaker takes a trip through Hyderabad's history", "text": "HYDERABAD: A Canadian filmmaker with Hyderabadi roots has decided to take a journey down memory lane through a movie on the city of Nizams which will be screened in the city this week.\"For me, 'Deccani Souls' is a poem in audio-visual format. It explores the developments that took place in Hyderabad soon after 1948. It touches upon the history and culture of the city that the people are gradually forgetting,\" Kaz Rahman, who father hails from Hyderabad, said. The film was shot in Hyderabad, Bidar and Canada. \"The theme weaves around dreams, memories and emigration and is shot in the style of classic European and Iranian cinema,\" he said.It is a mystical journey that begins with a character Hamza wandering through a strangelandscape of assorted debris in the winter snowscape. He dreams of Hyderabad, of another place and time. In Hyderabad, Babu is a 'census' officer who initiates elaborate conversations with people to get into their minds and listen to their version of history. There is also an Urdu poet Siddiq who struggles to understand the nuances of the essay his grandfather had written, the filmmaker said.The 106 minute film features characters portrayed by M A Siddiq, Sathya Bhama, H KS Babu, Sultan and Syed. It is written, photographed, edited and director by Rahman.The film will be screened at Priya Darshani Auditorium, Public Gardens, on Thursday and at Prasads Film Lab Preview Theater, Banjara Hills, on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15910976", "title": "High drama: Nannapaneni climbs assembly building", "text": "HYDERABAD: The TDP protest on power crisis in the assembly turned dramatic on Tuesday when party legislator Nannapaneni Rajkumari climbed up the assembly building. Officials had to use a lot of persuasion to convince her to come down.Continuing their protest after staging a dharna in the chief minister's chamber in the Secretariat past mid-night on Monday, the TDP MLAs tried to lay siege to the assembly on Tuesday morning. They staged a sit-in in front of the assembly after the police foiled their attempt to ambush the building. Amidst the din, Rajakumari breached the police cordon to enter the premises and scaled the wall to reach the top of the assembly building. After giving some tense moments to the officials she finally obliged them and climbed down.Later, the TDP legislators shifted their protest venue to Indira Park where MRPS chief Manda Krishna Madiga was staging a protest against government's failure to tackle the power crisis in the state. The TDP MLAs were later joined by their party president Chandrababu Naidu , who arrived in Hyderabad on Tuesday after a foreign tour.In the meanwhile, YSR Congress activists launched a state-wide protest on Tuesday as a run up for the state-wide bandh called by the party on August 31. While the activists staged a sit-in and held demonstrations across the state, Hyderabad city wing of the party organized a novel kind of protest depicting farmers' suicide at APTransco DE office near Paradise crossroads.Addressing a press conference, Shobha Nagi Reddy, deputy leader of YSRCP legislature party, and MLAs G Srikanth Reddy and K Srinivasulu urged the people to make the bandh a grand success. They castigated chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy for his alleged indifference to the pertinent issue and charged him with refusing to meet the YSR Congress delegation. \"Our efforts to meet the chief minister have failed as his priorities are different and are far away from people's problems. With agriculture, industrial, commercial and domestic consumers undergoing severe hardships and the governance showing no inclination to solve the pressing issues, we demand that the assembly should be convened immediately to discuss all the issues of public importance,\" Shoba Nagi Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15919648", "title": "Monsoon hits aerial anti-Red operations", "text": "RANCHI: The monsoon is hampering aerial anti-Maoist operations in the state as MI 17 helicopters, used in the raids, are not fitted with advance weather radars. Sources said in the past couple of months, two MI 17 choppers were forced to return half way after taking off from Ranchi because of bad weather. This happened on at least six occasions.An officer said till a couple of years back, anti-Maoist operations were completely withdrawn in monsoon as security forces could not stay in the jungles in the pouring rain. But after permanent camps were set up by the CRPF, the Jharkhand Armed Police and Jharkhand Jaguar started staying in the jungles in 2010 and 2011. So while ground operations continued even in times of heavy rain, aerial operations were often hit by poor visibility.\"Choppers are very effective in the movement of security personnel and we have been using them frequently in anti-Maoist operations in Saranda and Sarju, two 'liberated zones' in the state. The choppers are very secure and have been tested by the military for decades,\" said a source. MI 17 choppers were introduced in 1970 and have been in use since then even in Siachen ------ the highest battlefield in the world on the India-Pakistan border.A CRPF officer, on condition of anonymity, said they have been facing problems with choppers as they cannot be flown in bad weather. \"As it is the terrain is tortuous and in addition if there is a heavy cloud formation, it becomes extremely unsafe to travel. The chopper is forced to return to save the lives of the security personnel on board,\" said the officer.Jharkhand police spokesperson, IG, S N Pradhan, who is also in charge of state intelligence, said, \"The choppers were introduced in 1970 and are one of the best in the world. Even if they cannot fly in bad weather, they have never let us down in an emergency,\" said Pradhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15933391", "title": "R-Patz agrees to meet Kristen Stewart after long phone call", "text": "Robert Pattinson is set to meet Kristen Stewart after having spoken to her on the phone for over an hour, it has been revealed.After a few weeks of heartache on both sides, Pattinson, 26, has bounced back from the deceit remarkably well.He has smartened up his act in the wake of the scandal , and may forgive the woman who broke his heart.According to a close friend, the actor feels sorry for Stewart and is ready to speak to her face to face about everything that has happened.\"She begged to meet face to face so they could talk. It was obvious Kristen was getting through to Rob and he has agreed to see her,\" the Daily Mail quoted the friend as telling Look magazine.\"In fact, he admitted that it must be worse for her because she's not just dealing with heartbreak, but being portrayed as a villain, while he gets all the sympathy,\" the friend added.After Pattinson saw T-shirts on sale that read \"Kristen Stewart is a Trampire,\" he decided that the time was right to speak with her.The pair spoke for about an hour and during the call an emotional Stewart begged Pattinson to take her back and pleaded with him trust her again.\"For the first couple of weeks he was wallowing in his own grief, but being forced to face people during this promo, and seeing how angry everyone is with Kristen, made him feel sad for her,\" the friend said.Even if Pattinson does take her back, he has some ground rules that he would like her to follow such as spending time together between film projects like Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie do.He would also expect her to spend more time in his hometown of London instead of Los Angeles .The exact time of the scheduled meeting has not been decided yet but Pattinson doesn't want to meet anywhere too public.The pair have discussed using Resse Witherspoon's Ojai ranch, where he hid from paparazzi when the affair was first revealed.One big sign that Pattinson may have forgiven Stewart is the fact that he has been seen wearing her sunglasses.\"Rob and Kristen always wore each other's clothes when they lived together, and the fact that they've not stopped doing that could be a signal that it's not over between them,\" a source told heat magazine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15921015", "title": "India at the Paralympics", "text": "India will be represented in the Games by 10 athletes besides 10 coaches and escorts as well as three officials.Here's the list of athletes...Jagseer Singh (long jump): This athlete from Rajasthan is one of the top medal prospects for India at the Games. The long jumper came seventh in the Beijing Paralympics four years back, but is determined to do better this time. Statemate Devendra Jhajharia's success in Athens Paralympics, where he became India's only gold medal winner, spurred Jagseer to take his game seriously. The Arjuna award winner would be taking part in this event high on confidence having won gold medals in two international events in the run-up to the London Games.HN Girisha (high jump): Won a bronze medal in the 1st Malaysian Open athletics championship in April this year. Girisha, who's from Karnataka, won his first senior international medal in the IWAS World Games in Bangalore in 2009.Jaideep (discus): One of the two discus throwers in the Indian contingent, Haryana's Jaideep qualified for the Games with his gold medal victory in the Malaysian Open in April.Amit Kumar (discus): Jaideep's statemate Amit Kumar is also a strong prospect for a medal in the Paralympics. He was the gold medallist in last year's World IWAS Games as well a silver medallist in Para Asiad in 2010. The in-form Amit Kumar won a gold in an international event in April this year.Narender (javelin): A confident Narender, another athlete from Haryana, qualified for the Games earlier this year when he won the gold medal in the Malaysian Open.Farman Basha (powerlifting): A veteran, Karnataka's Basha would be keen to make amend for his near-miss in the Beijing Paralympics where he missed a medal by a whisker. The Arjuna award winner has an illustrious career, having won several international medals including gold and a silver in IWWS World Games in 2009 and 2011 respectively besides a silver in Para Asian Games in 2010.Rajender Singh Rahelu (powerlifting): An Arjuna award winner from Punjab, Rahelu too is a multiple medal winner in his sport and his achievement included winning a bronze medal in the Athens Paralympics.Sachin Chaudhury (powerlifting): The athlete from Uttar Pradesh is a winner of silver medals in the APC Cup as well as the IWAS World Games, both in 2009.Naresh Kumar Sharma (shooter): A veteran, who has represented India in five Paralympics so far, is from Delhi. He will be competing in multiple shooting events - R1 100m air rifle standing, R7 50m rifle 3 position and the R6 50m rifle prone.Sharath Gayakwad (swimming): The swimmer from Karnataka has shone in different international events winning many medals. Gayakwad, who will be taking part in 100m breaststroke, 100m butterfly, 50m freestyle and 200m individual medley in London, had won two gold medals, four silver and a bronze in the 2009 IWAS World Games in Bangalore. In March this year, he won two silver and as many bronze medals in the Danish Open swimming championship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15912302", "title": "\u2018Damage to sewerage pipe caused problem\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: Tuesday's rain reminded residents of BRS Nagar B block of the horrors they had faced in August 2011. Those living nearby Lakshmi Narayan temple had to struggle last year as water gushed into their houses and basements last year. The area was submerged deep in water on Tuesday too, but it was the stink emanating from sewerage water, which made the situation unbearable for residents.\"The reason behind this problem is the damaging of sewerage pipes alongside Sidhwan Canal during the construction of Southern Bypass. We have sent a sub-divisional officer to pump out the water from the locality as an immediate measure, while a 40-feet-deep well is being constructed near Verka Milk Plant on Ferozepur Road, to divert the blocked sewerage,\" said MC additional commissioner (technical) Manjeet Singh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15912300", "title": "It\u2019s ok to vent that ire, but within limits", "text": "What made Jatinderjeet Singh of Mohali fire gunshots at the tyres of his neighbour's car parked in front of his house was rage, something he himself confessed to the cops. Psychologists feel this embittered feeling was nothing but a show of ego and masculinity which works on irrational thinking. And this is not a one off instance, anger has become a part and parcel of our daily life. How we handle it, makes all the difference.As Dr Adarsh Kohli, a PGI psychologist said, \"Anger is a powerful emotion which needs to be handled with maturity. It can turn into violence or can be a significant tool in anti-establishment movements as in Anna Hazare's, Ruchika Girhotra's or Jessica Lal's case.\" She added, \"What Jatinderjeet Singh displayed was a show of his ego and masculinity in anger.\" There is scientific evidence to suggest that those who do not show anger and remain silent are at high risk of heart diseases. \"We have come across certain traits in the personality of patients who suffer from heart diseases. Extroverts are less susceptible to cardiac problems than introverts as they talk things out and ease off stress that way,\" said Dr Yashpaul Sharma, head of the cardiology department, PGI.One has to curb anger to remain calm and balanced. Anger is a two-way process of destruction\u2014both towards oneself and others, say psychologists. But a healthy way of expressing this emotion is essential in day-to-day dealings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15920440", "title": "Electronic cremation ruled out, traditional method more favoured", "text": "KANPUR: Even after the establishment of two electric crematorium in the city, majority of Hindus here are still going by the traditional ways of cremation.Though, being environment friendly, less time consuming and cost effective, the electric cremation is hardly being opted by the residents of the industrial city. This is clearly visible from the data provided by Kanpur Municipal Corporation, which says that 75% of the cremations done at the electric crematorium are of unclaimed bodies.Initially, electric crematorium was much in the news as it used to go non-functional after every second day due to unavailability of power supply. The electric crematorium of the city also faced much neglect from the people's side.After several months of the launch of electric crematorium at Bhairao Ghat, which was established some 30 years ago, people came forward for burying the dead bodies of their kins electrically. There was a time when electrical cremations were much hyped, which forced the authorities of Municipal Corporation to establish another crematorium at Bhagwatdas Ghat in the city.But after some time, once again the trend of traditional cremations has picked-up giving a drastic dip to cremations being done electrically.The electric crematorium established at Ganga Ghat at Shuklaganj is presently lying defunct from past several months. According to the Municipal Corporation officials, people are not coming forward for electrical cremations at Shuklaganj, which hence made the apparatus inoperative.According to past three months data of the cremations done at electric crematorium, nearly 430 bodies have been cremated at Bhagwatdas Ghat among which 390 were unclaimed and only 40 were brought by the families.The scene at Bhairav Ghat is somehow better from the previous one as nearly 1270 bodies were cremated in past three months. Among the cremations done, 725 were of unclaimed bodies while 550 were bodies brought by their families.Its important to mention here that these three months (June-July-August) are critical for traditional cremations as they are rainy season months.The wood is often wet hence it is much expensive than usual time. But, still people preferred traditional burying of bodies even if it is expensive.\"Its obvious that unclaimed bodies, which were brought by police or locals are being electrically cremated in large numbers. This is a poor fact but its true that people still believe in traditional burying of bodies in the age when several people are coming out for body and body parts donation after deaths,\" said RM Asthana, care-taker of electric crematorium at Kanpur Municipal Corporation.He added that some people who arrive from far off places to stream the ashes of their relatives in Ganga, prefer electric cremation as it takes only 45 minutes for the completion. While, the traditional cremation takes around 4 to 5 hours. \"Such people are less in number and proper awareness about less harm to the environment by the electric crematorium is missing,\" added Asthana further.According to the official records, only 11 claimed cremations were conducted at the Bhagwatdas ghat in the initial 15 days of the month of July while the rest of the day, the electric crematorium was lying non-functional.Also, the electronic cremations at Bhairav ghat too are not much in comparison to the traditional method of cremations being done at Ghat.\"The biggest problem is the mindset because people think the old way of burning the dead with firewood is a sure passport to heaven,\" said Manish, a wood seller at Bhairav ghat.The cost of electric cremation is much less than the traditional one. According to Basak, the cost of electric cremation is Rs 500 while the traditional cremation could cost between Rs 4,000 and 5,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15931635", "title": "Tech Mahindra in talks to buy Bharti's Comviva for Rs 750 cr", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sunil Bharti Mittal-led Bharti Group is in advanced discussions to sell Comviva Technologies, a mobile financial and value-added services (VAS) solution provider, to Tech Mahindra, the Mahindra group's IT arm, for around Rs 750 crore.This will be the second sale of a privately-held company by the group in a short span. Last week, the group announced the divestment of training solution firm Centum Learning to Everonn in a cash and share transaction.\"Tech Mahindra has signed the non-disclosure agreement and has already completed the due diligence of Comviva. They have signed an MoU and have also agreed on the valuation,\" said a person familiar with the matter. He said the deal had been delayed for a while as some minor issues such as valuation of future contracts of Comviva had to be resolved, but these were expected to be ironed out shortly.Formerly known as Bharti Telesoft, Comviva is about 50% owned by Mittal and his family through holding firms and trusts. Private equity firms Sequoia Capital and Cisco hold 30% and 5% stake in the company, respectively, with the balance 15% owned by employees.The spokespersons for Tech Mahindra and Bharti said they don't comment on market speculation.Tech Mahindra is a part of the $15.4-billion Mahindra Group , which acquired Satyam Computers in an auction by a government-appointed board in 2009 following India's biggest accounting scam. The company posted revenues of Rs 5,500 crore in 2011-12.The proposed transaction is in line with the Bharti Group's objective of focusing on core businesses that can make a deeper impact in India and abroad, said the person quoted earlier.Comviva posted an operating profit of about Rs 60 crore and revenues of Rs 380 crore for the year ended March 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15917370", "title": "PCL goes 'soft' on erring firms", "text": "LUCKNOW: In yet another instance of the state government going 'soft' on companies that supplied faulty transformers to the state, the UPPCL did not sent UP electricity regulatory commission (UPERC) a report on the number of transformers which got damaged in the last two years.The commission, on August 13, had asked the UPPCL to file the report within two weeks. However, but for Kanpur electricity supply company, no distribution company including Madhyanchal, that supplies power to cities like Lucknow, bothered to send a report to the commission for review, even as the last day to do so expired on Monday. The commission has now given three-days time to UPPCL to file a report within three days -- that is by August 31.UPERC secretary, AK Srivastava in a communique sent to UPPCL expressed surprise as to why the report was not sent to the commission. The commission, on Tuesday, also asked the corporation to send report on the meters installed by private companies. Even the meters had come under a scanner of commission after an expert committee from IIT, Kanpur, found the meters to be defective.Interestingly, the UPPCL officials said that action against companies may be taken by the end of this month. Principle secretary and chairman, UPPCL AK Gupta, on Monday, had told reporters that it is after all due procedures that action will be taken against erring companies, probably by August 31.UPPCL officials maintained that the companies were only served a show-cause notice and it will be after hearing their objections and views that further action will be taken.Significantly, the report from Kesco shows that the city recorded transformers getting damaged at the rate of around 18%, which, by all standards, exceeded the permissible limit of 5%. The All India average happens to be around 2% within the guarantee period. One can assume the rate at which the transformers got damaged in other cities as well.Defiance of the commission order only flies on the face of UPPCL, which, otherwise, has been maintaining of going by the guidelines prescribed by the commission.The issue of faulty transformers had attained serious dimensions after UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav blamed the previous government for the power crisis by purchasing poor quality transformers. He even ordered the UPPCL to get those companies blacklisted which supplied faulty transformers. The UPPCL responded swiftly and announced that it blacklisted nine companies including PME Noida, RTS Jaipur, Technocrat, Accurate, PP Industries and Swaska.A month later, UPPCL took a completely different stance and said that the companies were only served a show-cause notice, raising suspicion on the intention of the state government.The UPPCL, at the same time, decided to form a three-member committee with a member from the UPERC itself. The request, significantly, was turned down by the UPERC which said that it already had a quality control committee to look into aspects of power infrastructure equipment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15918467", "title": "IBM project to involve Cummins, Symbiosis", "text": "PUNE: The Cummins College of Engineering for Women and the Symbiosis International University in the city have figured among the four premier institutions which will be part of global software giant IBM's Shared University Research (SUR) initiative for 'Smarter Planet' projects.The IBM announced on Tuesday the SUR awards, amounting to $ 1,50,000, for the year 2012, with the Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) in Mumbai and Indore being the other two institutions to get the crucial funding.Through the SUR, the IBM partners with different universities to facilitate deep research involving multiple disciplines, agencies and government bodies. These projects result in solutions that impact the society. Annually, the IBM gives about 60 to 70 SUR awards on a global scale and 11 of these involve Indian educational institutes in the last two years.The 2012 awards will include technical collaboration with IBM experts, access to IBM software and high performance computing required for the successful completion of projects.Speaking on the occasion, Bhooshan Kelkar, country manager, University relations, IBM India, said, \"The SUR award leverages academia-corporate partnership to address some of the challenging problems faced by society. We believe that joint research can lead to innovative technologies and solutions.\"IBM India and IIT Bombay will jointly work in the field of Applied Mathematics. \"This project comes at a time when Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has declared 2012 as the 'National Mathematical Year' as a tribute to math wizard Srinivasa Ramanujan. The project will involve application of techniques from stochastic models, optimization and control, graph theory, machine learning and game theory to address the complexities in the areas of telecom, service delivery, smarter commerce and smarter cities,\" he said.The SUR project with IIT Bombay, IIT Indore and Cummins College of Engineering for Women relates to building a collaborative cloud platform, he said. \"This project, is an extension of last year's cloud collaboratory led by IIT Bombay, that included College of Engineering Pune and IIT Delhi. It will continue to focus on facilitating large scale sharing and collaborative scientific research in education and energy management,\" he said.\"An efficient collaborative cloud will help cut down operational costs, manage resources better and facilitate higher collaboration through increasing participation. This project will also provide hands on experience for Indian students on cloud as opposed to just theoretical knowledge, exposure to private cloud and public cloud by virtue of on campus cloud setup,\" he added.The joint research between IBM India and Symbiosis International University will focus on exploring the behavioral patterns of customers and employees through social media analytics, he said. \"The project will leverage the expertise of HR organizations in deriving insights from unstructured customer centric data. This project will help organizations in better talent acquisition and management as well as understanding customer behavior,\" he said.Senior academicians, including CoEP director Anil Sahasrabudhe, Cummins College principal M Khambete and SIU vice-chancellor Bhushan Patwardhan, were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15911269", "title": "Glenn McGrath set to succeed Dennis Lillee at MRF Pace Foundation", "text": "CHENNAI: Glenn McGrath is set to succeed compatriot Dennis Lillee as bowling consultant of the MRF Pace Foundation.Pace guru Lillee, 63, announced last month that this would be his final year with the Chennai-based foundation, bringing the curtain down on a 25-year association since the academy's inception in 1987, which he turned into an internationally-renowned destination for fast bowlers looking to sharpen their skills.According to sources close to the development, McGrath, who holds the record for the highest number of wickets by a fast bowler in Test cricket (563), will formally take over the reins from his countryman early next month.Nick-named Pigeon, McGrath, who is fourth in the all-time list of Test wicket-takers after spinners Muttiah Muralitharan, Shane Warne and Anil Kumble, is expected to arrive in the city later this week.McGrath, whose metronomic accuracy, precision and consistency made him one of the most dangerous bowlers of his time, was a front-runner to replace Lillee, who is currently in the city. Noted fast bowling coach Troy Cooley, Allan Donald, Craig McDermott and Kevin Shine were the other contenders for the spot.McGrath, 42, who retired from international cricket after winning the 2007 World Cup, has himself trained at the MRF Foundation. The New South Welshman was among the first batch of trainees sent by the Australian Cricket Academy to tutor under Lillee in 1992, a year before he made his international debut.\"I remember him as a trainee back then. He was feeling a bit sick but still bowled 140-plus consistently,\" said a player, who was a regular at the Foundation. \"He subsequently sacrificed some of his pace for accuracy.\"McGrath went on to become a key member of the Baggy Green side that ruled world cricket for well over a decade.There was a point in time when several international boards sent their bowlers to the foundation for training.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15932391", "title": "The role of candles in Wiccan rituals", "text": "A candle is vital part of any Wicca ritual or spell, because it represents the element of fire.An experienced Wiccan can also use a candle as a focus point to meditate or to seek guidance. Hence, it's important to know about the different kinds of energies that each candle draws to avoid any negative repercussions.Colour and what they stand for? - Red stands for passion, courage, war, aggression and burning fire. - Orange stands for ambition and general success and a driving force for business goals. It also attracts love and communication. - Gold is synonymous with wealth and happiness. - Yellow is a reflection of the sun and covers mental faculties that give you confidence, charm and bring imagination and learning to your life . - White is for spiritual enlightenment and cleansing and balances all the colours. - Purple stands for success and power and is ideal if you are looking to achieve financial rewards and independence. - Silver: Removes negativity and encourages stability. - Pink: Promotes romance and friendship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "istanbul", "code": "15915687", "title": "Indian men, women off to a flier in Chess Olympiad", "text": "ISTANBUL: Indian men and women team cruised to an identical 4-0 victory over Wales and FYROM, Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, in the first round of the 40th Chess Olympiad now underway at Wow Hotel and Convention centre.The Indian think-tank rested mainstay Sasikiran as, P Harikrishna, Parimarjan Negi, Abhijeet Gupta and G N Gopal delivered the goods on all boards against Wales' counterpart Richard Joneslost, Tim Kett, Richard Dineley and Lolo Jones respectively to start on a positive note.In the women's event being held simultaneously, the Indian women team also matched the men with a fine all round performance on all boards.Playing black, D Harika did not give many chances to Bojana Bejatovic on the top board while on the second Eesha Karavade had it easy against Monika Stojkovska.Former Asian champion Tania Sachdev also stood her ground against Dragana Nikolovska while on the fourth board Soumya Swaminathan completed the rout outclassing Simona Lakinska.There were no major surprises as all top teams notched a maximum of two match points out of the first round. However there were individual casualties which are common in the opening round.The top seeds Russia dropped a half point when Evgeny Tomashevsky could not bring his point home against William Puntier of Dominican Republic and the highest ranked had to be content with a 3.5-0.5 victory in the first round.Surprisingly, third seed Armenia conceded a full point before settling for a 3-1 victory against Bolivia. Oswaldo Zambrana caused the biggest upset in the first round itself, defeating Sergei Movsesian, who donned the top board for Armenia as world number two Levon Aronian rested himself.In another stellar performance, Malaysia took off 1.5 points from fancied Holland.Syria caused the biggest upset in team results defeating Romania by a minimal 2.5-1.5 margin. In another upset, Slovenia lost to Jamaica by a similar margin.The women's event did not have any major upsets. Armenian eves lost a game to post a 3-1 victory against Jordan while Hungary dropped just a half point to beat Syria by a 3.5-0.5 margin.Fourth seed Ukraine also dropped a half point en route to a 3.5-0.5 win against El Salvador. The favourites here, China, Russia and Georgia romped home with full points without much ado.The Chess Olympiad is the biggest chess spectacle with presence of 158 nations this year. The team positions are determined through match points.For every win a team is awarded two match points while a draw fetches a one point split between two teams. There are eleven rounds in all to determine the winner.Important and Indian results round 1 open: Dominican Republic lost to Russia 0.5-3.5; Ukraine beat Iraq 4-0; Bolivia lost to Armenia 1-3; Hungary beat Kyrgyzstan 3-1; Jordan lost to United States Of America 0-4; Luxembourg lost to Azerbaijan 0-4; France beat Zimbabwe 4-0; Malaysia lost to Netherlands 1.5-2.5; Andorra lost to England 0-4; Wales lost to India 0-4 ( Richard Joneslost to P Harikrishna; Parimarjan Negi beat Tim Kett; Richard Dineley lost to Abhijit Gupta; G N Gopal beat Lolo Jones).Women: China beat Bangladesh 4-0; Bolivia lost to Russia 0-4; Georgia beat Guatemala 4-0; El Salvador lost to Ukraine 0.5-3.5; United States of America beat New Zealand 4-0; FYROM lost to India 0-4 (Bojana Bejatovic lost to D Harika; Eesha Karavade beat Monika Stojkovska; Dragana Nikolovska lost to Tania Sachdev; Soumya Swaminathan beat Simona Lakinska; Poland beat Dominican Republic 4-0; Jordan lost to Armenia 1-3; Spain beat Egypt 3-1; Syria lost to Hungary 0.5-3.5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "tampa (florida)", "code": "15906065", "title": "Indian-American's anti-Obama film is a hit among conservatives", "text": "TAMPA (Florida): A corrosive anti-Obama movie made by a controversial Indian-American scholar has become one of the top ten films in the United States this week, inflaming a political campaign that has already become toxic in the run of up to the Republican National Convention which began here on Tuesday ahead of the Democratic meet in Charlotte next week.Mumbai-born Dinesh D'Souza's \"2016: Obama's America,\" a scathing anti-Obama documentary, climbed up to number 7 in the movie sweepstakes this week on the back of growing attention during the ongoing Republican convention.Although it had a limited release mid-July, the film expanded to more than 1100 theaters across the country this weekend and took in an estimated $6.2 million for a total of more than $9 million in domestic ticket sales, according to industry figures.The numbers compare well \u2014 taking into account it is a documentary \u2014 with the two top grossing films over the weekend: The Expendables 2 with $ 13.42 million and The Bourne Legacy with $ 9.33 million.D'Souza's documentary, a film version of his earlier written efforts such as Obama's America: Unmaking the American Dream and The Roots of Obama's Rage, has been embraced by ultraconservatives and conspiracy theorists, even as it has been panned by liberals and Democrats as a toxic and blatantly partisan take-down of a president, full of malicious distortions and falsehoods.Both the books and the movie basically argue that Obama has a pro-third world view inherited from his Kenyan father, and he is actively and wilfully working to dilute America's primacy in the world.But Conservative Republicans, including the right wing media, have eagerly promoted the books and the 90-minute documentary. D'Souza has appeared in several talk-shows, including five times on Fox and its affiliated networks in the last six weeks.D'Souza has been a long-time member of the country's ultraconservative community going back nearly two decades. He was born to Goan parents in what was then Bombay and studied at St.Stanislaus High School before moving to the US in 1978, initially on a Rotary scholarship. A graduate of Dartmouth College , he became one of the youngest policy advisors at the Reagan White House in 1988. He made a big splash in Washington DC in the mid-1990s with books such as Illiberal Education and The End of Racism, which spoke disparagingly about the \"civilisational inferiorities\" of African-Americans and suggested that charges of institutional racism are weak excuses for blacks' collective failure.D'Souza was also panned by the Indian community and denounced those days by one activist as a \"Ku Klux Klan lapdog in a first generation immigrant's garb.\" In a 1995 interview with your correspondent, he bragged that he had expected his work to \"raise some eyebrows and cause some controversy\"and he was not surprised by the attention.Evidently, he is still seeking attention \u2014 and getting it. While his End of Racism was described by Time magazine as \"one of the creepiest (books) to appear in recent years,\" the anti-Obama documentary is attracting similar reviews. Calling it a feature-film-slash-campaign-infomercial, the New York Daily News described the film as \"catnip for folks who want to believe there's something sinister about Obama,\" and said it \"distills the phoniest strain of conservatives' four-year critique of Obama.\"D'Souza is unfazed - and now laughing his way to the bank following its well-timed release during a hectic political season. \"It is a documentary and investigation into who Obama is, the individuals that influence him as he grew up and the source of his ideas-his inner compass,\" he said on his website recently. \"What is it about this film that makes the Left so nervous? It might be that it will lift the veil on Obama's past for the first time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "15917423", "title": "Fresh wave of floods hits Sonitpur dist", "text": "JORHAT: After Dhemaji and Lakhimpur, the northern Assam district of Sonitpur has been affected by a fresh wave of floods on Tuesday. Gavoru, Jiabhoroli and Belsiri rivers are flowing above the danger level.According to official reports, the floods have affected over 5,000 people of 10 villages under Dhekiajuli and Tezpur revenue circles in Sonitpur district. With this, the total number of people affected by the current wave of flood in the three northern Assam districts has escalated to 50,000 during the last one week.Sonitpur deputy commissioner Tapan Sharma said, \"The Gavoru, Jia Bhoroli and Belsiri rivers submerged a vast area in Dhekiajuli and Tezpur revenue circles in the last two days. The affected people are now taking shelter on embankments and other high lands and we are distributing relief materials among them. However, the situation is under control as there since Tuesday and there have been no more reports of floods.\"Over 20,000 people of 25 villages under Naoboicha revenue circle in Lakhimpur district was affected by the flood since Saturday. The flood also breached the Chingra agricultural dyke, Dholuhat-Garchiga road and inundated over 10 adjacent villages.Additional deputy commissioner of Lakhimpur district, Rupak Gupta said, \"The overflowing water of Chingra river affected many people in Naoboicha and Lakhimpur circle in the last three days. However, the water started receding since Monday and the situation is improving gradually.\"The third wave of flood hit Dhemaji on Monday and affected over 25,000 people of 30 villages in two revenue circles. Officials said due to the heavy rain in the hills of neighbouring Arunachal Pradesh , the rivers started swelling and deluge hit the nearby villages rendering thousands of people homeless.Additional deputy commissioner of Dhemaji district, UK Boruah said, \"The flood is still affecting thousands of people in the district and relief materials are regularly distributed among them. Over 5,000 affected people are now residing on embankments as they lost their houses in the floods.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15916031", "title": "Woman crushed to death by borewell rig", "text": "BANGALORE: A woman was killed after the bike her husband was riding rammed into a borewell rig off Old Airport Road on Tuesday morning. Anupama Venkatachalapathi, 35, came under the under its wheels and was crushed to death.Around 6.30am, Anupama and her husband Venkatachalapathi, both in the housekeeping section of NAL and residents of Sanjaynagar, were headed to work. On 26E Main Road, Venkatachalapathi took a sharp left turn, lost balance and hit a borewell rig coming from behind.While Venkatachalapathi fell to his left, Anupama alias Chandrakala fell in the path of the rig's wheels and died instantly. When he got up and looked for his wife, she was nowhere near the bike. \"The rig had dragged her for almost 10-15 ft. She lay in a pool of blood,\" he said.Venkatachalapathi cursed himself for taking the sudden left. \"I should have moved to the left lane slowly before steering to the left,\" he said. Anupama is survived by her husband and three sons. \"I take the same road every day. Our work starts at 7.30 am,\" Venkatachalapathi told policeHer body was shifted to Bowring Hospital for the autopsy and later to Madanapalli in Andhra Pradesh for cremation on Tuesday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15917644", "title": "Tax evasion racket busted: 166 train bookings of goods by fake firms", "text": "PATIALA: The government railway police in a joint operation with excise and taxation department and railway protection force (RPF) has busted a tax evasion racket.Some businessmen of state, allegedly used names of some fake firms to transport their goods from Ludhiana to other parts of the state to evade tax. Special team of all three departments checked total 191 bookings from Ludhiana, but found that around 166 bookings of goods were done under the name of fake firms to avoid paying of mandatory goods tax.Inspector general of government railway police, Punjab Rohit Chandhary said, during their investigations it came to light that though Ludhiana railway station authorities have booked total 191 consignments of various goods during last few days, but the records of excise and taxation department barrier of Ludhiana showed that only 25 entries of goods, booked to various destinations of state.\"It shows that traders, who booked consignments from Ludhiana, have booked under fake firms. We have been conducting investigations,\" said Chaudhary.During the investigations, the GRP teams have found that the no firm exists on addresses given by traders at the time of booking of their material. Though, excise and taxation department have got registered a FIR under Sections 420,467,468,471 of the IPC at Ludhiana , but no arrest has been made so far, as investigating teams are not able to trace the addresses of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "15913826", "title": "Tree Authority to meet every 3rd Wednesday", "text": "AMRAVATI: The meeting of Tree Authority of Amravati Municipal Corporation (AMC) will be held on every third Wednesday of the month so that important issues could be taken up. Holding meetings regularly is mandatory as per Maharashtra (Urban) Protection of Trees Act, 1975.The meeting of Tree Authority of AMC was held on Tuesday after a gap of over two months. AMC was reportedly reluctant to regularly hold these meetings as a result of which many decisions for quickly resolving the various issues were kept pending.In July, Nikita Chaudhary, a student of Shri Shivaji Maratha, succumbed to injuries when a tree fell on her. The issue of consent for cutting the said tree was pending with AMC but it did not find time to take urgent measures. The said tree fell again on the girl causing her death. To avoid delay, AMC has now decided to hold regular meetings.The issue of giving compensation to the family of the deceased student and other issues were also discussed. Corporator Amol Thakre proposed a unique scheme called Ek Ghar Ek Vruksh to protect environment and encourage plantation in the city. As per the scheme, any house and property owner is eligible for the scheme. The beneficiary has to plant a tree and preserve and protect it. It also proposed that AMC should pay Rs760 per year for tree preservation. The Tree Authority has decided to appoint a four-member committee to check the feasibility of the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "stockholm", "code": "15934987", "title": "Social network for internet's 'top 1%' users launched", "text": "STOCKHOLM: Swedish social media entrepreneur Erik Wachtmeister has announced the launch of a new social networking site targeting the \"top one per cent\" of internet users, called Best of All Worlds.The site, which helps users find events and contacts, counted 20,000 members even before its launch.Wachtmeister, 57, created one of the world's first social networking sites, aSmallWorld, in 2004, the same year as Facebook. He left the company in 2008.Best of All Worlds is targeting the same audience, he said.\"The top one per cent of the online audience, people who are leaders in their field, investment bankers, PR people, media, fashion, government... It's not about jet-set or rich people, but sophisticated people who have good taste,\" he said.\"It's more three million people than a billion,\" he added, a reference to Facebook's announcement in July that it had more than 950 million subscribers.Best of All Worlds helps users get in touch with each other to find what's going on where they are, which Wachtmeister said was an improvement on Facebook's service which \"looks backwards (and) gives you unstructured information that shows what your friends have done.\"Subscription to Best of All Worlds is by invitation only. Wachtmeister did not specify how or when the company would turn a profit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15917781", "title": "Cold mix for potholes put to test after heavy rainfall lashes Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Heavy rainfall that lashed the city on Monday has given the civic authority a chance to reassess the performance of three new coldmix technologies that have been used to fill up potholes this year.The BMC has asked engineers from the road department to visit all pothole sites, approximately 300 of them, which have been filled using at least one of the three technologies, and compile a report on their sturdiness. The BMC will decide whether to continue with these technologies next year on the basis of the report. The civic body has allotted a budget of Rs 40 crore for filling potholes.The civic body had shortlisted three cold-mix technologies\u2014W onder Patch, Patch Master and Hindustan Colaco. All the three technologies are cold mixes that the BMC claims are effective pothole-filling solutions for the monsoon.\"Since we started using them, we have wanted to try them under the severe Mumbai rains to check their effectiveness. Yesterday's rains presented us with that opportunity,\" said a senior civic official from the road department. The standing advisory committee had suggested that the BMC try these methods as the asphalt they used to fill potholes earlier would come off during rains.The advantages of coldmix technology is the quicker and efficient pothole-filling during monsoon and it has a higher shelf life, the BMC said. Roads can be opened to traffic faster than in the case of asphalt. Earlier, either hot asphalt or a hot sprayed bitumen with stone chips in a hot mix was used to fill potholes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15919929", "title": "Bank related grievances on the rise in state", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Grievances relating to credit cards, debit cards and ATMs topped the list of complaints received by the banking ombudsman in Odisha in 2011-12. These were followed by complaints of failure of commitments made by banks to clients, deposit accounts, loans and advances from individual customers. The complaints include fraudulent withdrawals of cash through ATMs without the knowledge of card-holders and by fraudsters, said the Reserve Bank of India.\"This has been an all India phenomenon and not exceptional to our state. Most of these complaints are due to non-observance of prescribed safeguards by card-holders,\" said banking ombudsman for Odisha B K Bhoi.According to the ombudsman, the incidences of fraud in withdrawing cash appear to be high at those ATMs where more than one ATM have been installed. On most occasions, the fraudster would pour a semi-liquid substance on the ATM key pad where the finger print of the user gets etched. The machine then gets hanged for some time and the fraudster advises the customer to use the other machine. After he leaves, the miscreant retrieves the PIN and withdraws cash.RBI advised that unguarded ATMs should use punch-in entry system. If bio-metric security system can be installed, number of ATM frauds will come down drastically. Other grounds of complaints were related to deposits and remittances, loans and advances, pension , harassment in recovery and processing charges levied without due notice to the customer, RBI officials said.The number of customers who approached the ombudsman with complaints against individual banks increased to 1,826 in 2011-12 against 1,124 the previous fiscal. Out of the total complaints received, 53.23% pertained to rural to semi-urban areas while remaining 46.77% complaints were from urban areas.\"The increase in the receipt of complaints from rural and semi-urban areas indicated the increased awareness in these areas. However, we are not satisfied with the figure and are planning awareness campaigns in rural areas,\" said regional director of the apex bank V R Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15917274", "title": "Day after wet spell: Island city dry, suburbs partially drenched", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the island city experienced this season's wettest spell, it remained almost completely dry on Tuesday. Parts of western and eastern suburbs, though, reported heavy showers even as the two IMD weather stations of Colaba and Santa Cruz recorded low rainfall.While the rainfall graph rose as high as 90mm in the island city on Monday, it recorded less than one millimetre on Tuesday. Between 8:30 am on Monday and 8:30 am on Tuesday, Colaba recorded 90.4mm of rainfall and Santa Cruz 63 mm.Between 8:30 am and 5:30 pm on Tuesday, though, Colaba and Santa Cruz recorded 0.9mm and 10.7mm, respectively.\"The cloud cover remains,\" said V K Rajeev, director of weather forecast at the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), Mumbai. \"Though the cloud cover has moved slightly away from the coast, it is still spread over Madhya Maharashtra. Which is why, though Mumbai did not receive much rainfall on Tuesday, the interior areas did receive spells of showers,\" he said and added that there may be a chance of some rainfall in the city late on Tuesday night.According to the BMC data, though, the rain gauge stations at certain stations received more than 30 mm rainfall in the same time period on Tuesday. While Andheri West received 39 mm, Kandivli got 37 mm, Dahisar 33mm and Mulund 32 mm rainfall between Tuesday morning and evening. Other high scorers were Bhandup, Borivli and Bhayander.In the past 24 hours (Monday morning to Tuesday morning ) the total average rainfall in the island city measured 106.4mm, according to the BMC. Individually, though, the western and eastern suburbs received rainfall measuring 81.8mm and 64.3mm, respectively.The weather department expected more rainfall late on Tuesday night and early on Wednesday morning.The weather department has said that for the next two days, spells of showers can be expected in the city. \"The offshore trough running from Maharashtra to Kerala coast persists. Because of this, there may be a few spells of rainfall over the next two days, at least,\" said Rajeev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15915619", "title": "Writer admitted to hospital with heart ailment", "text": "KOLKATA: Well-known writer Subimal Mishra had to be hospitalized after he fell ill in his Shampa Mirza Nagar flat near Taratala on Monday evening. He was shifted to the SSKM Hospital on Tuesday. Some of his fans, who had gone to his flat on Tuesday morning, found him lying among thousands of books that he had collected throughout his life. He suffers from a serious heart disease, doctors said.\"We know that he is going through a financial crisis and survives on a meager pension. He lived alone in the flat which he called 'Underground'. We got an inkling about his condition on Monday night and reached the flat on Tuesday morning,\" said M Rahman, one of his followers.The 69-year-old writer started his literary career in 1967 and continued to write only for Bengali little magazines. Though approached, he has never written for commercial publishing houses. Till date, Mishra has published over 20 volumes of stories, novels, essays and plays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15911793", "title": "Withdraw professional tax ceiling, says panel", "text": "MUMBAI: Salaried professionals could soon be required to shell out more tax.Currently, the professional tax is capped at Rs 2,500 per annum. A Centre-appointed committee on improved centre-state relationship has proposed withdrawal of the ceiling, which has been favoured by the state.The state has argued that citizens' income and salary levels have increased manifold. The Centre has sought the opinion of all states on the panel's 282 recommendations over policy reforms regarding governance, internal security, environment, natural resources, infrastructure and economy. A proposal regarding the state's view on these recommendations is expected to be discussed by the state cabinet on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15909758", "title": "Corporates share stage to spread joy", "text": "CHENNAI: The 'joy of giving' week, part of a nationwide initiative to reach out to the underprivileged, will be celebrated from October 2 to 8. Many representatives of several corporates, including J W Marriott Hotels , Isha Homes, eBay/PayPal and Aspire Ventures, who gathered at a hotel here on Tuesday for a curtain raiser, said, \"We stand together for the joy of giving which is synonymous with the joy of living.\"\"Chennaiites have always been enthusiastic participants. The event which started in 2008 has seen people from government, school and colleges, children, orphanages, SHGs, women and even autorickshaw drivers giving what they can,\" said Gayatri Bhadran, organiser of the event.Marriott Hotel plans to raise money for the Mariott Home, a school and home for children of leprosy patients. \"Throughout October, 10 will be added to every cheque that comes from the food outlet. Children in the home will have lunch at the hotel and attend a session on general hygiene,\" said Ankush Sharma, general manager, Marriott Hotel.Isha Homes, a partner with the prisons department, will offer training and employment to prisoners who are to be released, said Suresh Krishn, MD. eBay/PayPal will have more than 300 hours of volunteering by employees along with an organ donation drive said its senior engineering manager S Vaidyanathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15916446", "title": "'Passport facilitation centre in Margao'", "text": "NRI commissioner Wilfred Mesquita said the passport office would have a facilitation centre in Margao to benefit the district. This would not be a full-fledged office as in Panaji. He said South Goa has 66% emigrant households while North Goa has 34%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15916614", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation gives nod for Rs 2,503 crore Kumbh plan", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC) general body meeting (GBM) was held on Tuesday during which the Kumbh mela master plan estimated to cost Rs 2,503 crore, was approved. The proposal is now to be sent to the State government for its approval.The Simhastha Kumbh mela is scheduled to be held in Nashik in the year 2015. The Nashik Municipal Corporation's administrative group had already chalked out the Rs 2,505 crore plan before which was then discussed at the GBM for approval.Mayor Yatin Wagh said, \"There has been an approval given for the Simhastha action plan amounting to Rs 2,503 crore, along with the inclusion of suggestions given by corporators. Efforts will also be taken to secure a 100% grant from the central and state governments for the mega event as well. But the administration must, on its part, make complete efforts to finish the tender process for outlined works under the plan by January 2013, following which all actual work must be completed by December 2014. \"An all party delegation from Nashik will soon be meeting chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to discuss the grant for the Simhastha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15932325", "title": "Pakistan should expedite 26/11 trial after SC verdict on Kasab: Nikam", "text": "MUMBAI: With the Supreme Court upholding the death sentence of Ajmal Kasab in the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks case, Pakistan should now expedite the trial in their court, special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam said on Wednesday.\"Death sentence awarded to Kasab should be executed as soon as possible so that it gives a strong signal to the terrorists that law takes stern action against such acts,\" Nikam said.The prosecution against perpetrators of the 26/11 terror strikes should now be expedited by the prosecuting agency of Pakistan, he said.\"The (prosecution in Pakistan) should not delay the trial on the ground that India has to furnish evidence because conspiracy behind the terror attacks was hatched in Pakistan and it is for them to prove the same,\" Nikam said, adding the apex court in India has also held that criminal conspiracy behind the attacks was hatched in Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15912323", "title": "With focus on PM, junior coal ministers in UPA-1 escape scrutiny", "text": "NEW DELHI: With opposition focus firmly trained on the prime minister, two protagonists of the coal block allocation - Dasari Narayan Rao and Santosh Bagrodia - have managed to stay away from the spotlight.Rao and Bagrodia were coal ministers in UPA-1 and are seen to have played a key role in allocations during the period in question in the CAG report that has kicked up a major political row.The leaders from Andhra Pradesh and Rajasthan failed to return to Rajya Sabha, a position that catapulted them to ministerial positions.With their exit from Parliament, they have also ducked spotlight which otherwise would have been trained on them in Coalgate-hit politics. \"The PM is taking the flak and BJP sees him as a prize catch. Else, these ex-ministers would have been crucial in the opposition strategy to target the Congress,\" a senior Congress leader said.Rao and Bagrodia occupied coal ministry as junior ministers. But they meant more than their position suggested, if not as much as Cabinet rank, with a fair bit of autonomy to intervene in key issues.The opposition virtually struck gold when it found the CAG report pointing to flaws in policy and questionable allocations when Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was in charge of the ministry. It has come as a godsend for the saffron party which could not reach the prime minister despite leading the charge in 2G and CWG scams. Singh's \"unblemished image\" has been a big hurdle in BJP's strategy to bring the Congress regime under a cloud.In Coalgate, BJP found the opening to directly question the PM on decisions and policy moves.The big lottery has kept the opposition focus away from minor players in terms of political stature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "15917253", "title": "5 United Tribal Liberation Army militants surrender to Assam Rifles", "text": "SILCHAR: Five militants belonging to the Manipur-based outfit United Tribal Liberation Army (Utla - SK Thadou group) surrendered to the Jiribam-based Assam Rifles' (AR) battalion under the aegis of the Haflong-based AR sector headquarters recently. They were motivated by the AR troops to shun violence and join the national mainstream.The five cadres surrendered in presence of the commander of the Haflong-based Assam Rifles sector, a senior official of Assam Rifles said on Tuesday.The surrendered cadres have been identified as self-styled commander-in-chief Manglien Singson alias Bonny, 'Major' Kalsem Singson alias Romance, 'Second Lt' Ketkai, 'Private' Haobem Singson alias Laden and 'Private' Chungkholem Chongloi alias Raju. These cadres surrendered with one 7.62mm bolt action rifle, one single-barrel rifle, one 9mm carbine and two 9mm pistols besides ammunition.Utla (SK Thadou group) was formed after its cadres defected from Utla (Robert Singson group), which is under a suspension of operation (SoO) in Manipur since March 2012. Manipur is one of the worst insurgency-hit states in the region with over 30 militant outfits, belonging to various ethnic groups, operating in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15914562", "title": "Video Wall to unlock traffic gridlocks", "text": "BANGALORE: Make sure you don't jump lanes or cut corners while negotiating a busy traffic intersection. For, all major traffic junctions will soon be under the scanner, and every motorist breaking rules will be under the close watch of the newly improved Traffic Mangement Centre (TMC).Come October, Bangalore traffic police will monitor 190 vital traffic junctions on one huge screen at the five-storey centre on Infantry Road.Bangalore has 353 traffic junctions and 190 are in the Central Business District. All CBD junctions have surveillance cameras and their recordings are currently being watched live on 12 50'' LCD monitors at the TMC at Shivajinagar bus stand. After relocation, surveillance camera footage will be displayed on a Video Wall: 10 ft tall and 72 ft wide. The Video Wall facilitates real-time viewing of footage from the surveillance cameras.By the end of this financial year, surveillance cameras will be installed in 100 more traffic junctions and all 290 traffic junctions will be linked to Video Wall.While the first three floors of the building will house the office of the additional commissioner of police (traffic), the TMC will be on the remaining two floors.Additional commissioner of police (Traffic) M Saleem told TOI the wall will help reduce traffic-related problems, mostly backlogs. \"Alerts on traffic snarls and backlogs were made manually. Soon, everything will be automatic,\" he told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15916559", "title": "Sada jail inmates drank alcohol: Doctors", "text": "PANAJI: Doctors at Hospicio hospital on Tuesday confirmed the consumption of alcohol by three Sada jail inmates.The superintendent of Sada jail has forwarded the report to the inspector general of prisons for necessary action.Sources in Sada jail said, \"We have received the report, which is positive and the superintendent of prisons has sent the three prisoners for an alcohol test after they vomitted in the Sada jail and started misbehaving after they returned after appearing in the court.\"Sources said that now the inspector general of prisons will take up the matter with police for further action against the police escorts in this case.Goa police on Monday suspended the five police constables attached to the Vasco police station, who had allegedly stopped at a bar whilst returning with the accused jail inmates to the Sada sub jail, after attending court proceedings last Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15918326", "title": "Ghaisas family members slam police, prosecution", "text": "PUNE: Four days after the district and sessions court acquitted two accused in the murder case of medical practitioner Vijay Ghaisas (66), his family members have come out strongly against the Pune police and the prosecution.Ghaisas was brutally done to death with sharp weapons at his residence in Erandwane here on June 16, 2008. Ghaisas was stabbed as many as 48 times in the stomach. The police had arrested Sunil Bodh (20), the grandson of Ghaisas's former maid, and his accomplice Chander Shivlal Sharma (19). The court acquitted the duo on August 24.Ghaisas's son Niranjan Ghaisas and daughter Manali Bendre, who are based in the US, have sent their reactions to the development in an e-mail.They said the city police have not followed basic police protocol while investigating the case. The investigators did not conduct an identification parade and they did not send sealed forensic samples to the forensic laboratory.Niranjan Ghaisas and Manali Bendre have also slammed the prosecution. They said in the email, \"The public prosecutor did not explain to us our strategy for prosecuting the accused in this case. The prosecutor did not inform us how the case was going.\"They also said that there were three attackers. However, the third suspect was never arrested. \"We hope that if the third person is caught, the case could be reopened.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "rampachodavaram", "code": "15911630", "title": "DIG steps in to resolve row", "text": "RAMPACHODAVARAM: The state home department swung into action by ordering the Eluru Range DIG to resolve take damage control measures to save the face of the police department following the dispute between two IPS officers in the district. Eluru Range DIG Surya Prakasa Rao interacted with Rampachodavaram assistant SP Naveen Kumar on Tuesday. The ASP has lodged a complaint at Rampachodavaram police station against East Godavari SP Trivikram Varma levelling serious charges including attempt to murder and a threat to his life from him. The Eluru Range DIG arrived here in the wee hourson Tuesday and took stock of the situation. Speaking to the media, the DIG termed the dispute as an internal departmental matter and said it will be amicably resolved at the earliest soon. However, he said he would interact with SP Trivikram before completing the inquiry. tnnOn the alleged increase of ganja smuggling from the district, the DIG said the department is focusing on the circle inspectors in the agency mandals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15931549", "title": "Akshay Sethi turns down Tujh Sang, accepts Savdhaan!", "text": "Actor Akshay Sethi, who was seen on Star Plus' popular show Sasural Genda Phool, has turned down the role of the main lead in Creative Eye's Tujh Sang Preet Lagai Sajna on Sahara One.Tujh Sang Preet Lagai Sajna has been in the news for a while. First there were speculations of the show going off air, and then there were stories about Tujh Sang taking a time leap and revamping it (which happens to be true). Akshay was approached to play the main lead post the leap but the actor turned down the offer. \"Yes I was approached for the main lead once the show was being re-vamped but post Sasural Genda Phool , I wanted to do something different and exciting\", says Akshay.Akshay will do an episodic for Life OK's Savdhaan India where he will play the character of Nilesh Karkare, an MBA student who is in love with a don's daughter. \"After Adaalat and Crime Patrol , this episodic is going to be very interesting because it tells the story of a boy who was burnt alive. Indira Krishnan plays my mother on the show.\" Adding, \"I'm bored of the regular stuff, that's why I am switching to doing episodics. Getting a good show takes time, so I want to do it right\".Akshay is also busy doing ads and recently did a public service film and is waiting for the right opportunity to knock his door.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15913199", "title": "FIR against docs for keeping newborn in illegal confinement", "text": "JAIPUR: An FIR was registered against the doctors of a private hospital in Kota for keeping a newborn boy in illegal confinement as his father was unable to pay an amount of Rs 40,000. However, the doctors claimed that the child was referred to another private hospital as it was a premature delivery and his condition was serious.According to the police, one Ramdev Mahto, a resident of Muzzafarnagar in Bihar ,who works as a labourer and lives in Kota's Prem Nagar - I colony, has registered the FIR against the doctors of Chohan Nursing Home.Sub inspector Badan Singh, who is investigating the case, told TOI: \"Ramdev had admitted his wife to the nursing home on September 20. The child was born on the same day. Ramdev says that doctor told him the delivery was premature.\"According to Ramdev, doctors told him that the baby boy would be kept on ventilator and the treatment would cost him Rs 40,000, the officer said.\"However, Ramdev expressed his inability to pay that much amount. He says that the doctors refused to hand over the baby unless the amount was paid,\" Singh added.\"After lodging the FIR, a team was rushed to the nursing home where doctors claimed that Ramdev had turned up to claim the baby and they had referred him to another hospital due to better facilities there. The doctors deny that the child was kept in illegal confinement. However, on the other hand, it is being investigated why the child was referred to another hospital without consent from his father,\" said the officer.The police are recording the statement of the doctors. \"The FIR was registered under Section 363 of IPC. Further investigation is on,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15910080", "title": "Cinema hall blasts: Verdict on Aug 30", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has reserved August 30 for the pronouncement of its judgment in the 2005 twin blasts at Satyam and Liberty cinema halls.The court reserved its order after the final arguments were concluded by both the sides.The Special Cell of the Delhi police had chargesheeted Jagtar Singh Hawara, the Babbar Khalsa International (BKI) chief in India, and seven others in the case. All the accused faced trial under sections 307, 121, 122, 123 and 120-B of the Indian Penal Code (IPC), Sections 16, 17,18, 19 and 20 of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, Section 25 of the Arms Act and Sections 3,4 and 5 of the Explosives Act.The blasts had taken place on May 22, 2005 and the bombs were triggered by crude devices during the screening of the controversial Hindi film 'Jo Bole So Nihaal''. Sixty people were injured. While the first explosion rocked Liberty cinema on the busy G T Karnal Road in central Delhi around 8.15 pm, the second one took place at the Satyam cinema at Patel Nagar some 20 minutes later.At Liberty cinema, the explosive device had been planted under a seat in the sixth row while the blast at the Satyam cinema had taken place in the toilet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "jagaddal (north 24-parganas)", "code": "15914820", "title": "Armed gang kidnaps schoolgirl at gunpoint", "text": "JAGADDAL (NORTH 24-PARGANAS): An armed gang broke into a teenager's house in Jagaddal, North 24-Parganas, on Monday night and kidnapped her at gunpoint. They hit her mother in the head with a revolver butt and hurled at least four bombs at neighbours when they tried to rescue the girl.This comes only a day after a 14-year-old girl was slashed with a razor for fighting off an attempted rape in Bijpur, barely 15km from the scene of Monday night's crime. North 24-Parganas is reeling under a series of brutal crimes against women. There have been six molestations or attempted rapes in the last two months alone and all the victims have been school-going girls.The father of the 17-year-old kidnap victim has a clear suspect \u2014 Habra youth Sushanta Acharya, who was allegedly pressuring her to marry him. The girl's mother says she saw him leading the gang that barged into the house and tore the girl from her arms.Sushanta met the girl at a wedding two years ago and had been trying to force her into a relationship but she refused when she learnt that he was involved in anti-social activities, say sources. But Sushanta stalked her and repeatedly threatened to harm her if she did not marry him, says her family. \"He even tried to marry her forcibly. When my daughter spurned him again a few days ago, he threatened her with dire consequences,\" said the girl's father, who works with a private firm in Kolkata.Around 11pm on Monday, two Maruti vans stopped in front of the girl's two-storied house and a dozen men got out. \"My husband always returns late from work. Sushanta and his men barged into our room after breaking down the main door on the ground floor. We initially thought that it was robbers. Then I saw Sushanta. He demanded that my daughter go with him. She was already traumatized on seeing the armed men and clung to me, sobbing. Sushanta and his aides grabbed her hands and pulled her away from me. When I tried to hold on, they hit me on the head with a revolver butt. My daughter, too, was beaten up when she came to my rescue. They held a gun to her head, tied her hands behind her back and took her away,\" said the girl's mother.On hearing the commotion, a crowd had gathered downstairs and confronted the gang that was pushing the teenager into a van. \"When some local youths tried to chase the goons, they hurled four bombs and sped off,\" a neighbour said.The girl's father got the news when he was on the last local train from Kolkata. He and his wife filed a complaint at Jagaddal police station around 1am on Tuesday. The girl's mother was then taken to hospital to have her injuries tended to.The police have registered a case of kidnapping. \"We have started combing operations to trace the girl. The surrounding police stations have been alerted. Raiding parties have already been to the home of the accused and are trying to track him down,\" said Kalyan Mukherjee, DC, detective department, Barrackpore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15917081", "title": "Army personnel donate ration to camp inmates", "text": "GUWAHATI: Army personnel at 51 sub-area headquarters at Narangi Military Station here have contributed their one day's entitlement of ration for distribution as relief among the riot-affected people in the state.Defence spokesman Lt Col SS Phogat said chief minister Tarun Gogoi, in presence of 51 sub-area GoC Major General G S Chima on Tuesday flagged off a medical team comprising eight medical officers and a large consignment of medicines sponsored by Max India Foundation, New Delhi, 151 Base Hospital, Basistha, and medical staff from the Territorial Army. He added units located at Narangi have also contributed a lot of relief material comprising tents, blankets, sleeping bags, mosquito nets and clothing for distribution among the needy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15918644", "title": "MP govt's bonanza: 7% DA for employees", "text": "BHOPAL: Barely a fortnight after enhancing travel facilities and extending air travel to state government employees, the Madhya Pradesh government announced another bonanza of 7% to its employees. The DA would be paid with effect from August 1, 2012.The decision was taken at a meeting of the state cabinet presided over by the chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan here on Tuesday. The cabinet also approved the revised allowances and facilities to government employees in the context of the recommendations of the state pay commission.A government spokesperson said that the cabinet cleared the pay commission's recommendations and revised house rent allowance has been sanctioned to the employees residing in various cities and towns on the basis of 2001 population. Accordingly, 10% house rent allowance (percentage of total of pay band and grade pay) will be given in cities with over 7 lakh population, 7% in cities with 3-7 lakh population, 5 % in cities with 50,000 to 3 lakh population and 3% to employees in cities with less than 50,000 population.Similarly, rates have also been fixed for eligibility of reimbursement of local conveyance allowance during travel, transportation of household goods on transfer, transfer subsidy and vehicle allowance among others. Rate of house rent allowance to employees posted in reserved areas has been fixed 1% more than that payable in the general areas. Besides, rates of reserved area special allowance have also been revised. In addition, amounts for initial grant and renewal funds payable to officers and employees of jail, home and forest departments have also been revised.In the context of 6th central pay commission's recommendations, pension commutation of state's pensioners will be made at the rate of 8% annual interest as per directives issued by the union government. Revision of house rent allowance, reserved area house rent allowance, concessional house rent in reserved areas and non-commercial allowances will be implemented with effect from November 1, 2011. Other revised rates will be implemented with effect from August 1, 2012, the spokesman explained. The decision would entail an additional burden of Rs 616.42 crore to the state exchequer in the current financial year and an annual burden of Rs. 1056.72 crore, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15921856", "title": "Downpour disrupts Metro schedule", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tuesday's rain affected Delhi Metro's schedule, resulting in trains running slightly late. Commuters travelling on the Blue line (Dwarka to Noida/Vaishali ) complained of trains running behind schedule and making long stops between stations in the evening. \"The train I boarded stopped at numerous stations for several minutes, said Mirambica Dutt, a student travelling from Dwarka to Preet Vihar. Vibhor Jain, another commuter, encountered the same problem at Yamuna Bank station.That's not all. Passengers also complained of crowding and a feeling of suffocation because of the foul smell in the coaches. In fact, according to a Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) official, the reason why some trains ran behind schedule was because a commuter complained of unpleasant smell inside the train, forcing the service to stall for a few minutes. \"There was no technical cause for the delay,\" an official said. However, the rain forced many to take the Metro instead of autorickshaws or buses. Till 8pm, the ridership on the Metro was 17.15 lakh, only slightly lower than Monday's ridership of 17.50 lakh commuters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15911908", "title": "Babu Singh Kushwaha's wife under CBI lens for 'swindling' NRHM funds", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI has examined former Uttar Pradesh minister Babu Singh Kushwaha's wife in connection with 'swindling' of funds in the multi-crore National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam. Kushwaha's wife Shivkanya, who is the director of one of the trusts that was allegedly used to launder the illegal gratification received for awarding contracts in the rural health scheme, has been questioned about the transactions made by the trust, CBI sources said.The agency is focusing on the money trail of 'bribes' received by Kushwaha, minister for family welfare in the then Mayawati government, MLA Ram Prasad Jaiswal and former family welfare secretary Pradeep Shukla in the scam.Agency sources said they have unearthed money trail of around Rs 40 crore, which were allegedly laundered through shell companies and trusts managed by the family members of Kushwaha and Jaiswal.The Kanpur-based trust in which Shivkanya was a director was allegedly used for routing the money. Shivkanya has denied allegations of any wrongdoing by her or her trust. CBI's scrutiny of the trust's accounts has shown a number of \"unexplained\" transactions, which were 'bribes' routed through various companies.The money was allegedly planned for setting up of an engineering college under the trust. Kushwaha, who is in judicial custody, had set up two educational trusts in Kanpur and purchased two private firms to route the alleged bribe sum.Sources said that the 'bribe' received by Kushwaha was first invested in companies in Kanpur, Delhi and Kolkata which issued cheques to the two trusts as donation. Some of the money was also allegedly invested in Kushwaha's companies which were, in turn, again given as donation to the educational trust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15918687", "title": "Soldiers, netizens strip online for 'naked salute' to Prince Harry", "text": "LONDON: Thousands of soldiers and fans of the British armed forces joined a Facebook group and posted nude pictures of themselves in support of Prince Harry after his naked Las Vegas photo furore. Soldiers and fans took to the internet to strip off in support of Harry, who has been in hot water after pictures emerged of him in the nude during his infamous Las Vegas holiday, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Almost 12,000 people have joined the Facebook group 'Support Prince Harry with a naked salute'!Soldiers serving in Afghanistan also posed in front of tanks to exhibit solidarity with Harry. Prince Harry landed in hot water when naked pictures emerged of him on American showbiz site TMZ and swiftly spread across the world. He had been playing strip billiards in his suite at the MGM Hotel with a group of people.In one picture he was seen to be completely naked while bear hugging a nude blonde girl. In another he was seen standing in front of a naked girl, using his hands to cover himself. Questions have been asked about the prince's behaviour, as the world media pointed its spotlight on Britain's third in line to the throne.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15915699", "title": "Conference on women entrepreneurship", "text": "NAGPUR: Pratibha Shakti (Vidarbha Unit of Shakti, National movement for Women) is organizing a three-day national conference on 'Women Entrepreneurship through science &amp; technology' at Pune Sevasadan School, Jhansi Rani Square in Sitabuldi from August 31.Sugandha Garway, director of Anacon Laboratory Pvt Ltd and coordinator of the conference, said on Tuesday that the conference could actually witness exchange of information or even transfer of technologies from incubation centres, governmental research institutes, universities &amp; individual scientists to women entrepreneurs attending the conference.Sharayu Deshmukh, chairman of the Nashik-based Delta Finochem Pvt. Ltd, will inaugurate the conference while Smita Muley, the coordinator of technology transfer division of BARC, will deliver the keynote address.For college students a 'business proposal' competition would be conducted. Entries can be submitted to Devashree Hardas (9850311858) and Leena Gahane (9421704237). Vijay Bhatkar, the father of super computer in India, will present a special motivational session for students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15921899", "title": "Suicide note riddle still unsolved", "text": "NEW DELHI: On a day when they refrained from seeking extension of Sirsa MLA Gopal Goyal Kanda's custody, police were still grappling with a riddle they believe can help them prove the charge of instigation against Kanda in the Geetika Sharma suicide case.Police have already questioned Kanda and his manager Aruna Chaddha regarding a line in Geetika's suicide note \u2014 \"They have made my life abnormal\" \u2014 without deriving a satisfactory explanation. They are trying to interpret it in the light of evidence gathered so far, to figure out how the duo made Geetika's life 'abnormal'.On Tuesday, investigators said they had found new pointers to Kanda's intentions towards Geetika . He reportedly owns a flat in his daughter's name in Ashok Vihar Phase II, while Geetika lived in Phase III. Kanda could not convince police about his need to buy a flat in the area. TOI was the first to report about this house on August 12.Kanda is learnt to have told police : \"I wanted to open a local office in Delhi and bought the flat with that intention\" . Sources say Kanda's ownership of this flat, his sponsorship of Geetika's MBA course, and her elevation as the director of AKG society will be used to counter his claim that he was trying to retain her only because she was a hardworking employee.Police are now trying to establish that harassment of her family by Kanda and Chaddha led Geetika to commit suicide.The family in its statement has said Chaddha had turned abusive on the night of August 3, when she called to threaten that Geetika would face police action if she did not join the company at the earliest. \"She was saying Geetika could not leave the company abruptly, and she would have to sign a bond to work with the company after they had sponsored her MBA. After we tried calling Kanda, he called back to say he had come to know about it but would not be able to help if a case was filed against Geetika,\" said Ankit, Geetika's brother.Police have prepared a list of questions for Ankita, a woman mentioned in Geetika's suicide note, after she delayed her appearance for questioning. They feel Ankita is following Kanda's example . Like him, she has sought time to appear, taking the plea that she is abroad and there is too much media attention on the case.On Tuesday, police continued their raids in Gurgaon for some missing mobile phones. Sources admit that the last three days of Kanda's custody were not fruitful.Given their failure in these three days and Kanda's stubborn attitude, police reportedly decided not to seek extension of his custody . They have to submit a status report on the case to Parliament, and the file is learnt to have been prepared highlighting the developments in the case. A senior officer said it was a routine exchange.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15922352", "title": "Labourer gets Rs 19L damage", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 25-year-old labourer, who became permanently disabled after being hit by a speeding car, has been awarded a compensation of over 19 lakh by a motor accident claims tribunal (MACT) here.The tribunal directed the New India Assurance Company Ltd, with which the offending vehicle was insured, to pay Rs 19,05,621 to Lucknow resident Amjad Ali, who was hit by a Tavera near Monastery Market in Civil Lines area in March 2011.\"In view of the unrebutted testimony of the petitioner (Ali) and documents available on record, it is prima facie proved that petitioner suffered injures due to rash and negligent driving of respondent number 1 (car driver ),\" MACT presiding officer Dinesh Bhatt said.Ali, who earned Rs 7,500 a month before the accident, could not appear in court due to his disability, his wife, who pursued his plea, told the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15916449", "title": "Now, BJP takes Cong baiting to Margao", "text": "MARGAO: If three BJP MLAs including the party chief, gunned for the opposition in Panaji on Monday, on Tuesday, party hands in the south did the same. Surprisingly, on the dais was also Hubert Gomes, who contested the Benaulim assembly seat as an independent in March.BJP leaders Wilfred Mesquita and Narendra Sawaikar countered charges made by Congress MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco and Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai.Mesquita dared Lourenco to get his party to get the Centre to auction mining licences every year, as the Curtorim MLA had suggested. He said it was the Centre that made licences renewable every 20 years and that the Congress regime had implemented this.On the casino issue, he said the government has rejected the renewal application of one casino whose lease expired in 2011, and will take action against those who don't clear their dues. He said the annual licence renewal date was not a deadline as Lourenco said, but is as per law. He said issues arising from the new rule coming into effect in May are being worked out.Sawaikar, chairman of the state law commission, said the Goa Public Crematoria and Burial Places Bill, 2012 that Sardesai placed in the assembly is a verbatim copy of the draft bill made by the earlier law commission and was not prepared by Sardesai, as the latter has claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15918230", "title": "Indore NGO to give its views on organ transplantation", "text": "INDORE: The city-based NGO Dadhichi Mission working in the field of organ transplantation has been invited to take part in the meeting to be held on August 30 on finalization of 'Draft Transplantation of Human Organ Rules 2012' in New Delhi.' It would be presided over by Dr Jagdish Prasad, DGHS (Director General of Health Services).Convenor of the mission, Bhavna Vyas said there are a number of issues related to procedural delay in organ transplantation. There are limited hospitals authorized for organ transplantation.\"Therefore, the government must think on authorizing more and more hospitals for organ retrieval (organ harvesting) because the attendants of the brain dead patients usually show disinclination towards moving their patients from ventilators out of hospital, even for retrieval of organs,\" she said adding compulsory medical insurance facility for the living donor shall certainly increase the rate of organ donation. Moreover, there has been demand from various quarters to curtail the time taken to declare a person brain dead.\"Brain death of a person can be declared within a span of six hours, but the time consumed is usually more than 10 hours. The process of verification of relation between the recipient and donor is too lengthy, \" said Bhavna.\"Especially, if the brother and sisters are from different states, there are lot many interviews and verification one has to pass through,\" she said adding that there should be enough trained staff to speed up the process of verification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15930306", "title": "Kasab's death sentence in 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks case upheld by Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday rejected the plea of Mohamad Ajmal Amir Kasab in the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks case and upheld the sentence of death penalty awarded by the Bombay high court.Kasab and his nine fellow jihadis had attacked CST railway station, Cama Hospital, Vinoli Chaupati junction, Oberoi Hotel, Taj Hotel, Nariman House and Leopold cafe in Mumbai on November 26, 2008 resulting in killing of 166 people and injuring 238 others.A two-judge bench of the apex court pronounced the judgement at 10.30am. The bench held him guilty, first and foremost, of waging war against the country in the Mumbai terror attack case and said it was left with no option but to uphold the death sentence.A bench of justices Aftab Alam and C K Prasad dismissed 25-year-old Kasab's plea against his conviction and death sentence confirmed by the Bombay high court, saying he was given free and fair trial in the case.\"Kasab's confessional statement was very much voluntary except a very small portion,\" the bench held.It also dismissed Kasab's contention that the trial was not fair because the government did not provide him advocate during the time when he was arrested and put on trial.\"If lawyers are not provided at the commencement of trial, then the trial is vitiated. But the trial is not vitiated if a lawyer is not provided at pre-trial stage,\" the bench said.The apex court said the trial court had made repeated attempts o provide Kasab with a lawyer but he had spurned the offer initially and said he did not want to accept Indian lawyers.The judges said that in the totality of facts, evidences and circumstances the court had no option but to impose death sentence on Kasab.The bench also observed that going by the evidence, it was clear that the conspiracy and planning of the 26/11 attack was hatched in Pakistan.\"We are more than certain that conspiracy was hatched in Pakistan,\" the bench said.Senior advocate Raju Ramachandran, who defended Kasab in the apex court as amicus curiae, said he \"bows down\" to the apex court verdict, which upheld his death sentence.\"I bow to the verdict of the court.... I took it (the opportunity to defend Kasab) as a sacred duty and I performed it to the best of my ability,\" said Ramachandran, who was appointed amicus by the apex court.Former Solicitor General Gopal Subramaniam, who had appeared for the Maharashtra government, also welcomed the verdict saying it is \"a victory of justice and the Constitution of the country.\"Earlier, the Bombay high court had upheld the trial court's verdict to award death sentence to Kasab, the lone surviving gunman who was part of the 10-member fidayeen team that attacked Mumbai.Kasab was convicted of criminal conspiracy, waging war against the nation, Section 302 of IPC (murder) and terror related provisions of Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act. The HC had agreed with the trial court that the case against Kasab fell in the rarest of rare category and upheld the decision to award death penalty to the Pakistani.After the Supreme Court's verdict, Kasab is left with an option of filing review petition in the apex court.Kasab along with nine other Pakistani terrorists had landed in south Mumbai on November 26, 2008 night after travelling from Karachi by sea and had gone on a shooting spree at various city landmarks.While Kasab was the lone terrorist captured alive, the other terrorists in his group were killed by security forces during the counter-terror operations.The apex court also upheld the acquittal of Faheem Ansari and Sabauddin Ahmed, the two alleged Indian conspirators in the Mumbai terror attack case.The trial court and the Bombay High Court had also given clean chit to both of them in the case.The bench had reserved its verdict on April 25 after a marathon hearing, spanning over two-and-a-half months of arguments by the prosecution and defence counsel in the case.Kasab, during arguments in the apex court, had contended that he was not given a free and fair trial and that he was not part of any larger conspiracy for waging war against India.He had said his right against self-incrimination as well as that to get himself adequately represented by a counsel to defend himself in the case had been violated during the trial. The apex court had stayed Kasab's death sentence on October 10, last year.Kasab, in his special leave petition (SLP) filed through the jail authorities against the Bombay High Court's February 21, 2011 judgement, which had confirmed his death sentence, had claimed he was brainwashed like a \"robot\" into committing the crime in the name of \"God\" and pleaded that he did not deserve the death penalty keeping in view his young age.Kasab, who is lodged in Arthur Road Prison in Mumbai, was sentenced to death by a special anti-terror court on May 6, 2010.(Inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15909624", "title": "More from Puducherry queuing up for French citizenship", "text": "CHENNAI: The number of Indians in Puducherry seeking French citizenship is on the rise. This is evident from the number of applicants approaching the ministry of external affairs' branch secretariat in Chennai to get their documents attested before they submit them to the French government.\"On any given day, there are at least 15 applicants seeking verification of Indian documents. This year so far, we have attested hundreds of documents of Indian nationals seeking French citizenship,\" said a top diplomat at the MEA's branch secretariat.He said the documents containing details required for applying for French citizenship are submitted to the MEA authorities at the branch secretariat in the morning. They are returned in the evening after which they are to be submitted to the authorities at the embassy of France in Puducherry.\"The majority of those who come to us for consular services are students and others seeking to migrate to other countries. These days, the number of those seeking French citizenship is on the rise. Last year, we had only around three to four applicants every day. This year, the number has surged to around 15 to 20 a day,\" said the diplomat.Last year, he said, a little more than a thousand documents were attested at the MEA branch secretariat in the city. This year, the figure, as of August, is around 2,500.David Chinnadurai, an applicant, said, \"My maternal grandfather was of French origin and we have been living in Puducherry for four decades. I am trying to get French citizenship for my family and me,\" he said.A treaty giving back the French colony of Pondicherry, as it was then called, to India was signed in August 1962. According to the treaty, people living in Pondicherry were given a six-month period to claim French citizenship. Those who did not wish to get French citizenship were given Indian citizenship at the end of the six-month period. Last year, about 1,000 documents were attested at the MEA branch secretariat in the city. The figure is around 2,500 till August this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15917310", "title": "Kids stranded as school vans go off roads", "text": "LUCKNOW: The van operators of some schools in the city went on strike on Tuesday in protest against the traffic police drive crackdown on them.Following the strike, parents had a tough time as they had to make alternative arrangements for sending their children to schools on time. The students of St Francis College faced more problems as all the van operators of the school went off the roads.However, on the assurance of the traffic police, the operators have called off the strike.On August 23, the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) had issued notices to principal secretary (transport), transport commissioner, DGP, DM, SP (Traffic) and Regional Transport Officer and directed them to launch a campaign to ensure that by September 4, all vehicles ferrying schoolchildren were made road worthy and complied with all the norms.Following the SHRC directive, the traffic police started issuing challans to all the school vehicles, irrespective of the fact if they were flouting norms. In certain cases, even off-road vehicles were slapped with a challan. \"We were told that since traffic department had to complete the quota of challans, we will have to abide by the challans,\" said a van operator.\"But now we have got assurance from the SP (traffic) that we will not be troubled without reason and have therefore called off the strike,\" said another van operator. The traffic department has prepared a list of 26 checkpoints where school vehicles will be checked. However, all 26 checkpoints do not apply to school vans. Only half of those checkpoints are relevant for school buses, said RTO officials.The school vans were challaned for putting school bags on the carrier. While the rules say that buses have to keep the school bags inside, vans can put the bags on the carrier. But the traffic cops, who were conducting the drive, were not aware of these rules and were slapping challans on all van operators.To protest against such drive, a section of van operators went on strike on Tuesday. There was also confusion on the number of children that can be seated in a school van. This was later resolved after the van operators met SP (traffic). \"We assured them that they will not be harassed,\" said SP (Traffic) Arvind Sen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15913434", "title": "Lack of sleep could trigger aggressive breast cancer", "text": "WASHINGTON: Lack of adequate sleep could lead to \"more aggressive\" form of breast cancers while increasing the likelihood of its recurrence, a new study has found.The study analysed medical records and survey responses from 412 post-menopausal breast cancer patients with Oncotype DX.Oncotype DX is a widely utilized test to guide treatment in early stage breast cancer by predicting likelihood of recurrence.Patients were recruited at diagnosis and asked about the average sleep duration in the last two years.Researchers, led by Cheryl Thompson, assistant professor at Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine, found that women who reported six hours or less of sleep per night on average before breast cancer diagnosis had increased Oncotype DX tumour recurrence scores.\"This is the first study to suggest that women who routinely sleep fewer hours may develop more aggressive breast cancers compared with women who sleep longer hours,\" Thompson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "15913134", "title": "Gurinder\u2019s cruiser cycle grabs eyeballs", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: When Gurinder Pal pedals down the road from his Sarabha Nagar residence, people can hardly avoid turning heads as they notice his cruiser bicycle, resembling the chassis of a Harley Davidson motorcycle.Gurinder, 40, a wedding planner and a florist, has imported this cycle from Germany two weeks ago. \"People stop me on the road and ask if they can take pictures with my cycle,\" says Gurinder.\"Many are amazed when they assume it to be a motorcycle from a distance but discover it to be a cycle from a closer range. I have received at least 20 compliments every day in the past two weeks and people have come asking about the cycle and from where I got it,\" adds Gurinder.Talking about one such incident, Gurinder says a youth driving a high-end SUV stooped by him on Friday and appreciated his bicycle. \"He said owning such a bike was better than owning a luxury car,\" says Gurinder.A cyclist by nature, Gurinder has been cycling continuously since he was a kid and pedals over 30kms even today. \"I enjoy riding a cycle as I am a nature lover and that is precisely the reason why I am a florist by profession. If more and more people take to the eco-friendly commuting mode of cycling, the city and this country can get rid of pollution and congestion on roads to some extent,\" he says.Gurinder's son Janeesh, 14, and six-year-old daughter Parineesh Kaur love their father's cruiser cycle and do not mind a ride on it. His wife Harleen Kaur, 36, however, fears someone might try to snatch Gurinder's bike since it is so attractive. \"Many of my friends, their husbands and children have been requesting us to get a similar cycle for them. Gurinder looks good on this trendy cycle and uses it even for his daily chores,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15919365", "title": "27 mines allotted during Marandi rule, says BJP", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Senior BJP leader and former deputy chief minister Raghuvar Das on Tuesday said 27 mines and mineral blocks were allocated to various industrial houses, including private firms, during Babulal Marandi's tenure as chief minister. The response comes a day after the Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik (JVM-P) president Marandi said he did not recommend leasing mines and minerals to any private players during his tenure between 2000-2003.On Monday, the JVM-P chief claimed that 14 recommendations were made by chief minister Arjun Munda for allotment of mines to private companies. \"Since I was a cabinet member in the Marandi government, I know that 27 blocks of mines and minerals, including coal blocks, were leased out to various companies on Marandi's recommendation,\" said Das.Accusing, the JVM-P leader of misleading the press and people, Das said he will soon release documents concerning Marandi's recommendation to the Centre the allocation papers issued subsequent. \"During the proposed monsoon session of the assembly (beginning August 31), I will collect the documents from the government and expose Marandi's lie,\" he said. Das also accused Marandi of being an equal partner of the Congress in the series of corruption cases that were exposed over a period of time in the second term of the UPA-II regime. \"JVM-P's criticism of the Congress-led UPA government's corruption cases is nothing but mere rhetoric,\" said Das.In the backdrop of Marandi's assertion on Assam violence, wherein the Koderma MP called for justice for Bangladeshi settlers in Jharkhand, the BJP leader accused him of attempting to create communal division in the community for political mileage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15910843", "title": "Chhapra girl kidnapped, kin stabbed", "text": "PATNA: A 15-year-old girl, Meena (name changed), was kidnapped by criminals near Biscomaun roundabout under Alamganj police station on Tuesday evening.Alamganj police station SHO B K Singh said the girl is a native of Lal Bazaar at Chhapra in Saran district. He said the girl sells vermilion and other cosmetics on roadside.Singh said the girl had come to Gurhatta under Khajekallan police station in the state capital to meet a doctor. She had come with her cousin Raju and maternal uncle Guddu from Chhapra on a motorcycle. While they were returning to Chhapra, some youths riding on a Bolero knocked their bike. They fell on the ground. The youths bundled the girl inside the vehicle, the SHO said. When her cousin and maternal uncle tried to stop them, one of the criminals stabbed them. They sped away with the girl.The SHO said both the injured persons had been admitted to Nalanda Medical College Hospital (NMCH) where they told the police that the youths, who kidnapped Meena, also hailed from the same locality they belong to. Raids were on to recover the girl, the SHO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15918852", "title": "Ranchi emerges as breeding ground for budding sportspersons across the region", "text": "RANCHI: Ravi Ranjan went to study engineering in Nagpur but abandoned the course after a month and came to Ranchi for cricket training.\"I always wanted to be a cricketer but went to study engineering under pressure of my father. I soon realized that engineering is not my cup of tea and so I came back to Ranchi for cricket training. Now I am doing BSc from a distance learning education centre and am spending my time practising cricket,\" Ravi, a resident of Jehanabad, said.His father is a farmer and his family is not financially well-off but, but he still manages to pay for his son's expenses with the hope that someday the boy will become a Mahi . \"My whole village has expectations from me. I came to Ranchi because I know I am a good cricketer and I can do really well if I get proper training. Also I trust the cricket academies here.\"Ravi is not the only one from outside the state who has come to Ranchi for cricket practice. Many other students from Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, too, are coming here for the love of cricket with the hope that they will get a break from here.Most of the students coming here are not very financially strong but their passion for cricket makes them stay here and spend almost Rs 3,000 a month on stay, food and cricket.A lodge near Shehjananda Chowk houses many of the aspiring cricketers. On visiting their rooms, one can find photos of Sachin Tendulkar and M S Dhoni which they worship everyday. Vinay Kumar of Patna said, \"These cricketers are our gods. We make sure to pray to them before going for any match. Cricket has become our life. Even when we read, the books are related only to cricket.\" There are at least 15 sporting clubs in Ranchi which coach aspiring cricketers.Coach of Hehal Sporting Club, Sumit Patnaik, said the number of students from other states had increased in Ranchi because these students did not get much exposure in their state. \"Apart from Dhoni, Jharkhand has produced many other cricketers like Varun Aron and Saurabh Tiwari, so the aspiring cricketers now feel that Jharkhand can give them much more exposure than their own state,\" said Patnaik.After the National Games in Jharkhand, the state has established a more prominent name in sports fields and many people are coming from other states to get training in other sports, too, apart from cricket.Manisha Kumari of Patna loved playing hockey but as she did not get much chance in her city she came to Ranchi for a better training. \"Jharkhand has produced many prominent hockey players so I came here to polish my hockey skills. I know that if I work hard, I will definitely get a chance to be included in the Indian Hockey Team someday,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15909936", "title": "Amar Jawan vandal arrested in Bihar", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai police's crime branch on Monday arrested a 19-year-old, while he was on the run in Bihar , for allegedly vandalizing the Amar Jawan memorial during the Azad Maidan riots on August 11. It is now considering charging three community leaders present at the rally with criminal conspiracy charges.Abdul Qadir Ansari, a resident of Jogeshwari, was picked up from Sitamarhi district as he was preparing to flee to Nepal, said joint police commissioner (crime) Himanshu Roy. On the day of the violence, Ansari was photographed desecrating the installation along with another youth. They reportedly kicked the memorial's fibreglass, smashed it, and damaged the rifle and helmet encased within. The police are yet to identify the second youth.The defacement caused widespread outrage, with one independent MP offering a reward of Rs 5 lakh to anyone providing credible information to police on the vandals.According to the police, Ansari returned home after the riots and remained there until August 13, when acquaintances alerted him to a picture in a newspaper that showed him defacing the memorial. The same day, he took a Muzaffarpur train. On reaching Bihar, he stayed in relatives' home in Sitamarhi for almost two weeks.Meanwhile in Mumbai, the police took Ansari's mobile number from his family and using that, traced his location. \"We got information that he was staying at his relatives' place in Bihar, so a team flew to catch him. He was brought to the city and produced before a court,\" said Roy. He has been remanded in police custody till September 4.Aside from Ansari, the police have arrested two others: Mehtab Shaikh, a Tardeo resident, and Nazir Ahmed , a resident of central Mumbai. Investigators said Shaikh was captured on camera participating in the riots, while Ahmed was injured during the violence and admitted to J J Hospital. He was arrested after discharge. Shaikh and Ahmed too have been remanded in police custody till September 4. The three latest arrests bring the total tally of those apprehended for the Azad Maidan riots to 54.Officers said Ansari passed out of Class X a while ago and, since then, was neither working or studying. His father is a maulvi and so are three of his seven siblings.Roy said Ansari had participated in a meeting\u2014along with hundreds of others\u2014called in Jogeshwari before August 11. During that meeting, Ansari got \"motivated to attend the Azad Maidan protest\". After the riot, the protest organizers had distanced themselves from the vandals and termed them as \"anti-social elements\".Like others accused of involvement in the riot, Ansari has been booked for murder, attempt to murder, hurt, rioting, dacoity, molestation of women , damaging public property, and for other crimes. If found guilty, his sentence can range anywhere from seven years' jail to death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15912526", "title": "Exhibiting theatrical skills", "text": "LUDHIANA: The 10-day cultural festival of Christian Medical College, \"Systole\" entered its sixth day, with events that witnessed enthusiastic participation from the students of all the batches, on Tuesday.The events on the sixth day included pencil sketching, press conference, face painting and director's cut.The participating teams were each given a different case scenario and were questioned by judges, who checked their presence of mind and understanding of the case. Face painting saw as many as 34 students from different batches participating to exhibit their skills with colours. The day concluded with director's cut, as participants portrayed their ideas with a touch of humour and music. General secretary of the student council Sajin Sunny Mathew said they added press conference and director's cut events to let students develop their literary and theatrical skills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15927268", "title": "Nagarjuna reveals his fitness secret", "text": "'King' Akkineni Nagarjuna turns 53 today and still looks as young as ever. Fondly called as Tollywood's 'Manmadhudu', the versatile actor is still giving youngsters a good for their money. And his new look for his upcoming film made his fellow actors envy him and kept wondering how does Nag manages to stay slim and fit.Nagarjuna finally reveals his fitness secret saying that he believes in eating right and working out to maintain a perfect figure. For Nag, the daily routine starts at 6 am where he hits the gym for one hour. Egg whites and bread slices will be his first breakfast, followed by a second breakfast (idly or pongal, pesarattu, dosa, etc with some fruits) at 11 am.He takes rice, roti and 4 varieties of vegetable curries for lunch. The actor makes it a point to take fruits before lunch and not after. The menu for Dinner (at 7 pm) will be grilled chicken, fish, boiled vegetables, etc and go to bed by 10 pm.Well, with Nagarjuna revealing his secret, perhaps fans too can now follow the fitness regime of their favorite star.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15912405", "title": "No windfall gains for private firms with coal blocks: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stung by Coalgate, the government plans to ensure that power generated by projects allocated coal blocks is sold through the competitive bidding route so that no windfall profits accrue to private beneficiaries of coal mines.The coal ministry has been asked to make sure that for coal blocks given to the power sector, the developers will have to participate in bids for procurement of power by discoms in accordance with bidding guidelines so that consumers are not disadvantaged.\"There will be no windfall profits for private players allotted coal blocks. Developers must offer benefit of government-allotted coal blocks to the consumers. This is being implemented by the coal ministry,\" power minister M Veerappa Moily said.Guidelines for power purchase through competitive bidding route notified a few weeks ago are seen as a response to Coalgate as the political crisis over the Comptroller and Auditor General's damaging report that private entities benefitted by Rs 1.86 lakh crore triggered a rearguard action.Moily also said the government has decided that coal supplies to power producers will commence only after power purchase agreements are in place. \"The agreements must be duly signed. Provisions are also being examined for inclusion in revised bidding documents,\" the minister said.With the storm over 142 coal allocations bringing Parliament to a standstill, the power ministry is concentrating on 19 blocks that were given to the private sector. These stand apart from 10 blocks allocated to captive power plants, 59 to central and state sectors and 10 to ultra mega power projects.\"A gain-loss analysis is confined to the 19 blocks allotted to the private sector. Of some 17,000 mw capacity, PPAs have been signed with state utilities for 7,000 mw. For the remaining 10,000 mw, various steps we are taking should mitigate possible gain to allottees,\" Moily said.The ministry is scouring the rule book to examine \"check points\" that can be devised post allocation. The government is also hoping to update the Electricity Act of 2003 after consultations with regulators and states to improve viability and competitiveness of the sector.Moily expressed apprehension over the opposition's demand that allocation of coal blocks that have come under the shadow of the CAG report be cancelled. \"I don't think this is a good idea as investment climate will be hit. Re-allocation will hurt our effort to get projects going as quickly as possible,\" he said.The ministry feels that the effort to boost the involvement of the private sector in the capacity addition seen in the 11th plan will be set back by many years if tainted coal blocks are scrapped. Both politics and likely court action has put the future of these coal blocks in jeopardy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15914017", "title": "Find new landfill sites, KSPCB tells BBMP", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka State Pollution Control Board (KSPCB) has asked BBMP to identify new landfill facilities and submit a detailed action plan.The KSPCB and BBMP had a meeting to discuss the garbage crisis in the city. \"We will examine and if found feasible, approve of it,\" said SM Puttabuddhi, member secretary of KSPCB. For the time being, the city's garbage is being dumped at Mandur and Terra Firma, but again these are interim arrangements, said Pollution Control Board officials. Once submitted, it will take the Pollution Control Board a minimum of 15 days to scrutinize and give clearance to dump garbage at the new sites.BBMP had submitted action plans for their proposed bio-mechanization plants to come up by the end of 2011 and other similar facilities to chemically treat the city's waste, but the process got delayed. BBMP has cited tender processing and technical glitches which have delayed the projects. The proposals were cleared after being scrutinized by the Pollution Control Board.Staying firm on its stand, KSPCB said it will not lift the ban on the Mavallipura landfill till BBMP submits a timeframe action plan to rectify the shortcomings in its infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15917566", "title": "Punjab wants to trade with Iran through Attari border in Amritsar", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal has sought permission from the central government to initiate trade with Iran and other Middle East countries through Attari border in Amritsar, four months after a Rs 150-crore modern Integrated Check Post (ICP) there has become one of the flashpoints of country's new commerce with Pakistan.Sukhbir sought the permission through a letter written to the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Tuesday.The PM is due to visit Iran to take part in the 16th non-aligned movement summit.\"With the setting up of the ICP at Attari border, strong possibilities have emerged for greater trade ties between Punjab and the Middle East, West Asia and Africa through land route,\" said Jr Badal.The minister, who is also the Shiromani Akal Dal party secretary, said that religious and cultural exchanges between Punjabis and Iran are essential consdering the strong heritage the two countries have from the times of Sikh guru Guru Nanak Dev.Sukhbir also requested the PM to take up issues involving concerns and sentiments of the Sikhs and other Punjabis settled in Iran with their government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15922312", "title": "September rainfall may not be good: IMD", "text": "PUNE: Overall rainfall activity in the country during September may not be very good, owing to weak El Nino conditions, which are already showing signs of emergence, the India Meteorological Department ( IMD) has forecast.El Nino refers to an unusual warming of the ocean surface around the equatorial pacific. The phenomenon is often associated with a bad southwest monsoon in India.\"As of now, El Nino is on the borderline, but we expect it to develop into a weak phenomenon in September and this will adversely impact the rainfall for the coming month,\" IMD's lead forecaster DS Pai told TOI on Tuesday. The rainfall deficiency for the country as a whole has reduced significantly \u2014 from 19% below average in the first two months (June/July) of the season, to 13% below average as on August 27. Since June 1, the country has received 598.6 mm rain, as against 685.1 mm of season's normal rain so far.Much of this recovery is being attributed to the good rainfall activity over the last couple of weeks across northwest India, which was otherwise reeling under the effects of scanty rain. \"This month, we have had very good rainfall in northwest India, which has led to the fall in rainfall deficiency,\" said Pai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15915684", "title": "Raman Science Centre expo depicts wonders of chemistry", "text": "NAGPUR: A see through glass wall from one side and opaque wall from other, a robot that melts or spectacles that can be folded into shapeless glass but which too regain their shape. These are things you may have only seen in science fiction movies but these are either already a reality or close to being so.These and similar innovations are a gift of chemistry and it is on display in exhibition 'Chemistry for Human Welfare' at the Raman Science Centre (RSC) for 45 days from Thursday to October 14. The exhibition will give visitors an insight into some of these advances and also history of chemistry as a science. The chemistry exhibition would be inaugurated by Satish Wate, director of National Environmental Engineering and Research Institute (Neeri) at 11.30am on Friday in presence of city mayor Anil Sole. It will be open to visitors everyday from 11.30am to 7pm.The exhibition was prepared by National Council for Science Museums last year, the international year of chemistry and is dedicated to Marie Curie . It has glimpses of developments in chemistry right from 4th century BC up to the present day. It features today's smart materials like wonder glass that is already being used as a partition in the living hall. It also has panels depicting the future direction of chemistry and the green chemistry.RSC director Shrikant Pathak calls chemistry the mother of all sciences. Matter is composed of chemical elements or compounds. The human understanding of material nature of world is grounded in chemistry. In fact all living processes, reflex actions, thinking, dreaming, aging and even feelings and expressions like love, hate, anger are controlled by chemical reactions.There are two special panels on the contribution of Indian scientists featuring great Indian chemists like Sir J C Bose, Shantiswarup Bhatnagar, T R Seshadari, G N Ramchandran, K Ventkatraman, T R Govindachari. It has descriptions of ancient people like the 'Kapila' who gave the concept of space, air, fire, water and earth, or panchtatva, and defined chemistry of human body, Nagarjuna, the most prominent Indian metallurgist and alchemist, and Prafulla Chandra Ray, known popularly as the father of Indian pharmaceutical industry who started the Bengal Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals and was the founder of Indian School of Modern Chemistry.It also has contributions of scientists from across globe from all ages. For schoolchildren there are hands on experiments on processes like electroplating and making of alloys and interactive learning kiosks that can answer their queries on properties of each element in the periodic table.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15913485", "title": "After 11 years and 20 reports, SC wants to wind up PIL on PDS", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday said it wanted to put an end to the 11-year-long hearing on a PIL, which had sought implementation of social welfare schemes for the poorest of the poor but made the court foray into streamlining of public distribution system, its computerization, allocation of food grains to 150 poorest districts and setting up of night shelters.The meandering proceedings saw the court appoint two commissions - one headed by N C Saxena to look into alleged starvation deaths and the other under Justice D P Wadhwa for streamlining of PDS. Together, the commissions submitted 20 reports to the court.When the matter was heard by a bench headed by Justice Dalveer Bhandari, since appointed as a judge in the International Court of Justice, the court said it would not allow starvation deaths when Food Corporation of India (FCI) storage facilities were overflowing with food grains. While ordering additional allocation of grains to the poorest districts to prevent starvation deaths, it had south suggestions from the Nandan Nilekani-headed committee for computerization of PDS.On Tuesday, a bench of Justices T S Thakur and F M I Kalifulla said, \"Are we only collecting reports and no action is being taken by anyone? The proceedings on the PIL must conclude somewhere. 19 to 20 reports have come in. What was the scope of the petition? If any further orders are required to be passed, 20 reports are sufficient for the purpose.\"Keeping pending Wadhwa committee's request for extension of time to complete its last phase of scrutiny of working of PDS systems as well as request for additional allocation of balance 8.62 tonnes of food grains for poorest districts, the bench said it would first study the reports and pass further orders if needed.It asked petitioner Biraj Patnaik, represented by senior advocate Colin Gonsalves, to brief the court on Wednesday on the scope of the petition and what more was needed to be done. \"If there is need for extension of time for Wadhwa committee, we will do it but not before understanding the scope of the petition,\" it said.\"Eleven years is long enough gestation period for the matter to be over. Instead of that, we have gone on and on,\" the bench added.The first effective order on the petition was passed by the court on September 3, 2001, directing states and Union Territories to provide data on number of families living below the poverty line so as to entitle them to cheap food grain under the Antyoday Anna Yojana (AAY).It had also sought implementation status report of central government schemes - Sampurna Gramin Yojana, Mid-day meal scheme, Integrated Child Development Scheme, National Maternity Benefit Scheme for BPL pregnant women , National Old-age Pension Scheme for destitutes over 65 years, Annapurna Scheme, AAY, National Family Benefit Scheme and PDS.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15912018", "title": "Small producers find going tough in Tollywood", "text": "HYDERABAD: In Tollywood, it is only the films with big heroes and celebrity directors that are a draw at the box office. Although there are exceptions, the films which may boast of neither, by and large, fall flat. Just how bad the situation is can be gauged by the fact that many films cannot even release as the theatres simply refuse to screen them.But all this is not deterring wannabe producers who are turning up in droves at the AP Film Chamber of Commerce to register new film titles. In July, a record 148 new film titles were registered, a big number in comparison to the tally which otherwise varies between 60 and 100 per month.Even in August, the number of applications has been very high, said film chamber sources. Tollywood veterans ascribe this new zeal in film making to the success of a few small budget films (up to Rs 3 crore) made in digital format like 'Ee Rojollu' and 'Oka Romantic Crime Katha'. \"Egged on by these success stories, new producers are launching their own banners and diving into film production. They are quite unaware of the realities of the film world and what it takes to deliver a box-office hit,\" said a film industry veteran.\"It is not enough to start a film and complete it. It has to eventually hit the screens. If there is little worth in a film, no distributor would be willing to buy it and no exhibitor would be interested to screen it,\" said Bharat Chowdhury, chairman, distributors' sector, AP Film Chamber of Commerce. Analysts say that about 15 films completed this year are yet to be released. Each of them would have cost the producer around Rs 3 crore to make.According to Chowdhury, a number of films are not finding exhibitors since they are deemed as having nothing in them which would appeal to the masses. Only films starring big heroes like Nagarjuna, Venkatesh, Allu Arjun, Ram Charan Tej, NTR Jr, Ravi Teja have a market. \"Even then, it is a risky business. There are several instances of big budget films starring megastars flopping in some territories,\" Bharat Chowdhury said.A Rajendra Prasad film released last week couldn't find a theatre in the city after a multiplex in Kompally cancelled its screening at the last minute.A trend that is being noticed is that some of the films starring big heroes that have lost their steam at the box-office continue to be screened in theatres despite poor response. \"These movies can easily give way to other films, but that is not facilitated given the stranglehold of the big boys,\" said a film analyst.The Telugu Film Producers' Council (TFPC), which has taken up the issue of non-availability of theatres for small budget films, has come up with a demand. The council wants multiplexes to screen small films for at least 12 weeks in a year. This will be taken up with the government through the Film Chamber of Commerce. \"The issue is serious. A few people controlling theatres is not good for the film industry,\" said TFPC secretary, Prasanna Kumar Reddy.According to exhibitors, big films invariably find theatres as good collections and sizeable profits are guaranteed. For this reason, small films are shunned. Filmmaker Dasari Narayana Rao has also been making noises against those who hold lease of theatres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15914070", "title": "'Split Bangalore into two for better governance'", "text": "BANGALORE: On his last working day as BBMP chief, MK Shankarlinge Gowda had this suggestion for a better Bangalore: Divide the city administration.\"As the city grows, the administration must also be divided. Bangalore can be divided into two units such as North and South or West and East. From 350 sqkm, BBMP has grown to 800 sqkm over the years. The separated municipal corporations can work better. I have spoken about this to the chief minister and it should come true by 2015. Metropolitan cities like New Delhi have done it effectively. They have the Municipal Corporation of Delhi and New Delhi Municipal Council,\"he said.Similarly, Mumbai is divided into smaller municipal corporations: Greater Mumbai Municipal Corporation is from Colaba to Dahisar in the Western suburbs and Mulund in the Central. Thane Municipal Corporation, Kalyan Dombivli Municipal Corporation, Ullas Nagar Municipal Council and MIRA-Bhayandar Municipal Corporation are the local self-governments in the suburbs.'IT WAS A ROUTINE TRANSFER'\"It's just a routine transfer and I am one among the 19 IAS officers transferred,\" said Gowda, who is now principal secretary of the horticulture department.Recalling his nine-month stint in the BBMP as commissioner, he said his only unfinished work was the inauguration of the CNR Rao underpass. \"I entered BBMP when there was a fire inside BBMP, and when I am leaving, there was a fire in Mandur. BBMP is a very dynamic organization. No commissioner can say he/she did the best work. There are new challenges and new solutions as well. Apart from my eight-hour sleep, the remaining hours were for BBMP,\" Gowda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15911788", "title": "IHF rejects IOA panel", "text": "BANGALORE: The Indian Hockey Federation has summarily rejected the three-member committee formed by the Indian Olympic Association to decide who should govern hockey in the country.Sources said the committee members - former Wrestling Federation of India president GS Mander, Indian Weightlifting Federation chief Birendra Prasad Baishya and Handball Federation of India secretary-general SM Bali - were involved in the collective decision by the IOA to disaffiliate IHF four years ago. \"They were against us in 2008, how can we expect them to be with us now?\" IHF sources asked.While both IHF and HI had given written submissions, the August 21 meeting did not take place as IHF said they wouldn't air their views to the committee and asked IOA to change the panelists. The meeting was postponed to August 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "15919160", "title": "Nilamber Pitamber University to hold PG exams in 2 colleges", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Nilamber Pitamber University (NPU) has roped in two of its constituent colleges in Daltonganj to conduct its post graduate (PG) examination this year. Due to lack of infrastructure, the university has failed to accommodate its PG examinees.The controller of the university examination, LGSN Shahdeo, said following a decision on this regard, the PG examinations for 2012 would be held in two units of the varsity, the GLA College and YSN Mahila College. Shahdeo admitted that the varsity lacks a proper hall meant exclusively for conducting examinations.PG examinations for all subjects in the humanity stream will be held in GLA College, while, the Science and Commerce stream exams will be held in YSN Mahila College. PG examinations for Science, Commerce and Humanities will start from September 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15912076", "title": "Informal classes on at Thane college after high court upholds withdrawal of approval by AICTE", "text": "MUMBAI: For the last few days, students of Parshvanath College of Engineering, Thane, have been attending lectures but not marking attendance. After the Bombay high court upheld the withdrawal of approval to the college by the All-India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) for not having the building's occupancy certificate, lectures are being conducted informally. The college has moved the Supreme Court against the withdrawal of the approval.Sameer Nanivadekar, spokesperson of Parshvanath Charitable Trust, said, \"The teachers are conducing lectures informally as they do not wish to put students' future at stake. Also, we are yet to get the HC order, which was passed last week. We have moved a petition against the AICTE in SC, which might come up for hearing on Wednesday.\"\"While the AICTE claimed that we do not have the infrastructure, an expert committee recently gave the college a zero deficiency report (a copy of which is with the TOI),\" said Nanivadekar.He said the college had moved to a new building in 2008 and the AICTE did not raise an alarm then. \"In 2009, they even gave us permission to increase the intake capacity. How can they suddenly raise objection in 2010?\" Nanivadekar asked.AICTE chairman, S S Mantha, was unavailable for comment. A K Shukla, assistant director of the AICTE's regional office in Churchgate, which was vandalised by the Yuva Sena on Monday due to the closure of Parshvanath College, said, \"The college was not able to meet the requirements on three counts. Since they moved to the new campus in 2008, they could have easily procured the OC till now. But they could not manage to.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15917956", "title": "Thundershowers likely today", "text": "BHOPAL: Despite the low-pressure system getting weak, the thundery conditions may continue to prevail over Bhopal for the next few days. The city recorded a total of 2.4 millimetres of rain till 5.30 on Tuesday evening while 36.1 mm rainfall was recorded in the past 24 hours till 8.30 on Tuesday morning. The places under west MP, including Bhopal, Indore, Ujjain, Gwalior and Chambal divisions are expected to get good rains. Monsoon would remain active in other areas as well since monsoon trough is passing through MP, the officials added.However, the temperatures in Bhopal were slightly on upward side. The city recorded a maximum temperature of 30.4 (+1) degrees C against a minimum temperature of 23.5 (+1) degrees C.The officials forecast a possibility of thundershowers over the city on Wednesday adding that by and large similar conditions would continue in next few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15934322", "title": "Non-tech companies hiring more IT professionals", "text": "BANGALORE: Hiring may be slowing down for technology companies, but hiring of technology professionals accounted for 31% of the total hiring done by the non-IT sector in the country in the first half of calendar 2012. This is up from 22% in the same period last year, says an analysis carried out by MyHiring-Club .com, a recruitment platform.The study considered 1,241 companies across 23 industry verticals, except IT. These companies have hired a total of 117,895 people during the first half of 2012, of which 36,547 were IT professionals.Headhunters confirm the trend, saying there has been an increased demand from non-IT enterprises for talent across areas like network administration, desktop support, Windows administration, database management, wireless network management, telecom support, business intelligence , virtualization , ERP implementation, e-commerce etc.IT hiring was led by verticals like manufacturing, retail, BFSI, FMCG, real estate, telecom and automotive .Nirupama V G, managing director in recruitment firm AdAstra, says, \"In fact non-tech sectors are keeping IT hiring alive. We have seen a 10% increase for such talent this year.\" Traditional enterprises are increasingly strengthening their IT backbone. Many of them are planning mega online marketing activities and social media campaigns to reduce marketing costs.IT has also become extremely strategic for enterprises. Companies across segments are trying to drive most of their marketing, sales, branding, mobile payment, and customer/supplier relationship activities through technology.Priya Chetty Rajagopal, VP in executive search firm Stanton Chase, says every enterprise is setting up its own little design shop, to support product development and to drive other internal and external functions.\"A lot of IT has been outsourced today, but no company wants to send out its core stuff and the technology around it. Also, everyone is trying to cash in on the power of the social media. So it's only natural that traditional enterprises are in additional need of tech guys; they need not be coders,\" she says.Non-banking finance company SKS Microfinance recently hired a chief information officer. \"We recently hired tech talent also for value engineering, MIS functions, analytics and technology,\" says Srinivas Reddy Vudumula, senior executive VP at SKS Microfinance.A large number of non-tech SMEs too have contributed to tech hiring during the year. For most non-IT startups, IT is key to success . \"IT is a strategic decision for them. What will give them size, growth, impact, reach, branding etc is IT,\" said the study by MyHiringClub.com.\"So many of these companies are hiring hybrid talent, people who are comfortable with both business and technology. The companies we have surveyed expect this trend to continue during the second half of the year,'' says Rajesh Kumar, CEO, MyHiringClub-. com. The study found that non-tech companies from southern parts of the country have led the IT hiring trend, followed by those in the West. The trend was not visible among companies in the North and East zones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15912256", "title": "Cabinet okays total ban on employing children below 14", "text": "NEW DELHI: India will finally leave the company of seven other countries that still legally permit some forms of child labour with the Union Cabinet on Tuesday clearing a proposal to ban all work for children under the age of 14, and restrict non-hazardous work to adolescents between the age of 14 and 18.Employing a child under 14 for any work will be a cognizable offence punishable with imprisonment up to two years or a fine up to Rs 50,000 or both, an increase from the current one-year jail or Rs 20,000 punishment. Repeat offenders can be imprisoned for up to three years.Until now, India's Child Labour (Prohibition and Regulation) Act, 1986 permitted children under the age of 14 to work in \"non-hazardous industries\" including some agricultural work, in contravention of the Right to Free and Compulsory Education Act which says that all children between 6 and 14 must be in school. The Child Labour Act will now be amended to ban all work for those under 14.In addition, anyone over the age of 14 could earlier be employed for hazardous work.Internationally, children are defined as those under the age of 18, and the International Labour Organization's Convention 182 - ratified by all except eight countries including India and Somalia - bans the \"worst forms\" of child labour, including hazardous work, for all children under the age of 18. \"The proposal cleared by the Cabinet to amend the Child Labour Act will ban hazardous work for anyone under the age of 18, allowing India to ratify this convention,\" A C Pandey, joint secretary in the ministry of labour and employment, told TOI.Children between the age of 14 and 18 have now been termed in the amendment as \"adolescents\" and can only be employed in non-hazardous industries.The government will have its task cut out in implementing the change and rehabilitating child workers. Official figures for child labourers aged 5-14 stand at 49 lakh as of 2009-10 according to National Sample Survey Organization data, ministry officials said, but advocacy groups say the government grossly underestimates the real number.In addition, the government will now have to rehabilitate adolescents engaged in hazardous work, including mining. \"A task force with representatives from the ministries involved is working on this, and the National Child Labour Project will be upgraded,\" Pandey said.The decision was welcomed by National Commission for Protection of Child Rights chairperson Shantha Sinha. \"I am very happy that the Cabinet has given its nod to complete ban of child labour and is trying to harmonize it with the Right to Education,\" she said.\"It's a welcome decision which was long overdue. It was the government's constitutional obligation to fulfill it. However, to make it into a reality, the government must ensure food, education and health facilities for children and employment for parents. Piecemeal references won't work, the government must have a holistic approach,\" lawyer and human rights activist Vrinda Grover said.Times ViewThe fact that the amended law takes into account conventions of the International labour Organisation and our own right to education legislation is welcome as is the intent of getting rid of child labour. However, we would be fooling ourselves if we thought the right law is all we need. India has some of the best laws in the world accompanied by an abysmally poor implementation record. It would be tragic if this were to become just another example. Strict enforcement clearly is an important part of the job, but equally governments must recognise that the best way of eliminating child labour is to eliminate poverty. If we lose the war against poverty, we cannot win the battle against child labour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15912298", "title": "India Inc says coal block cancellations will hurt sentiment", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian industry on Tuesday said cancellation of coal block allocations would hurt business sentiment and sectors such as power would face fresh difficulties.\"Cancellation of the current coal block allocations may not be the right step as it will negatively impact business sentiments, particularly in sectors like power which are already hard hit by the lack of coal supplies,\" Adi Godrej, president of the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) said in a statement.He said transparent fixing of eligibility criteria that was non-discriminatory and with an aim to promote sustainable mining was the need of the day in allocation of mineral resources.Rajiv Kumar, secretary-general of the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Ficci) said the sanctity of contracts should be maintained. \"Any retrospective step will be counter productive,\" Kumar said while urging putting together a transparent process for use of natural resources.\"At the same time, active steps should be taken to de-nationalize the coal sector and bring in private parties for commercial exploitation of coal,\" Kumar told TOI.Industry has been reeling under a series of problems such as high interest rates, rising input costs, power shortages and the global economic slowdown. Business sentiment has taken a knock. Cancellation of coal blocks is likely to heap more misery on the industrial sector, industry officials say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15922372", "title": "Can\u2019t roll back court fee hike: Govt to HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government on Tuesday defended the decision to hike court fee 10 fold, arguing it can't encourage litigation by subsidizing it.Saying the amendment to raise the fee after 54 years is a \"valid one\" and \"can't be altered\" , the government maintained that the legislature had the authority to amend the Court Fee (Delhi Amendment) Act, 2012. The Delhi government's standing counsel, Najmi Waziri, told a bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Rajiv Sahai Endlaw that the government had spent almost 600 crore towards administration of justice and has a reasonable expectation to get back some revenue.He, however, added that \"if any representation comes from lawyers' body, the government would discuss it during the assembly session.\" The lawyers' body, however, contended that no meeting was held by the government over the issue despite the court's suggestion to resolve the issue.The bench subsequently fixed September 10 to hear final arguments on the Delhi High Court Bar Association's (DHCBA) plea \"to declare the Court Fee (Delhi Amendment ) Act, 2012, as void, ultra vires and unconstitutional as it is in the nature of collecting revenue and beyond the competence of the state legislature.\"HC also refused to vacate the stay on the hike but agreed with the state government that it had the executive power to pass such an amendment . The fee hike is estimated to generate an annual revenue of Rs 450 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15920182", "title": "Rallies stall peak hour traffic in Bhubaneshwar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Traffic on major city streets was severely hit by over half a dozen rallies on Tuesday as various activists chose the first day of assembly's monsoon session as the most opportune moment for hitting the streets with their demands. Regular commuters faced hour-long traffic jams and harassment, but the protesters could not care less.Most vehicles going from Vani Vihar to Rajmahal Square, those coming from Bhubaneswar railway station and plying on Sachibalaya Marg were stranded for hours at different places. Traffic came to a complete standstill at Master Canteen Square and Mahatma Gandhi Marg during the peak hours. Police allowed cars into narrow lanes and residential clusters as almost all major roads towards the square were choc-a-bloc with rallyists.\"I was stuck up in the mayhem while taking my children back from school. It took me about 30 minutes to cross a 500-metre stretch. It was horrible,\" Debi Prasanna Mishra, a commuter, said.Huge tents were erected, several public announcement systems fixed and posters and banners were put up on the roadsides. A large number of vendors selling fast food, clothes, bags and other stuff set up temporary shops. Some of the protesters have planned long-term settlements as they are on indefinite strike.\"Every year, our life becomes hell at the beginning of the monsoon session of the Assembly. Neither can we stay inside our house because of the noise pollution, nor can we go out owing to the huge gatherings. Worst affected are elderly persons, patients and students. But we are helpless. Even though we have written several times to the government to change the venue of dharna, all our requests have fallen on deaf ears,\" said P K Das, a resident of Mahatma Gandhi Marg.Protestors, on the other hand, alleged lack of basic amenities at the dharna venue. \"It is the duty of the local administration to ensure that the place is kept clean, and there are amenities like dustbins and toilets provided for those who come to attend the rally. Having rallies on the outskirts of the city is not an option, because it will not attract the attention of the people in power,\" said Deepak Das, state secretary of Animal Husbandry Technicians and Pasupalan Sahayak Association. These skilled persons demanded employment as hey had taken a six-month training from the government six years back.Members of All India Inclusive Education Volunteers' Association also took out a rally from Bhubaneswar Railway Station to Mahatma Gandhi Marg demanding pay packages according to the sisth pay commission and other benefits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15918040", "title": "For Gopal Kanda, it's a 'family trust'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Barely a year after setting up \" Shri Tara Baba Charitable Trust\", the Kanda family had constituted a new \"family trust\" for complete \"control\" of the affairs of Tara Baba ki Kutia in Sirsa. The kutia has been a centre of attraction, with even film stars like Hema Malini , Dharmendra and Sanjay Dutt visiting it.Documents accessed by The Times of India revealed that the newly formed trust, \"Shri Baba Tara Ji Charitable Trust, Sirsa\" has family members and relatives of Gopal Kanda, including his mother, wife and brother's wife as members. Kanda himself is its president. In a newly constituted 11-member committee on March 24, 2005, Gopal Kanda's brother, Gobind, is its secretary.\"Yes, it is our family trust which looks after the affairs of the kutia,\" admitted Gobind.The previous trust was set up by Kanda's mother, Munni Devi, on December 19, 2003. It had only Gopal from the Kanda family as a trustee and was made its founder president. The other office-bearers included devotees, social activists and industrialists. Its founder secretary, Lila Dhar Saini claims they were not even aware when the new trust was registered. \"Kanda replaced the entire committee of the previous trust with his family members and relatives to ensure complete control over kutia's management,\" he said.\"Devotes offers crores of rupees every year, but there is no transparency to maintain its record. Not only this, Kanda has bought a huge chunk of land, misguiding people in the name of Tara Baba's trust,\" alleged Saini, who is a local INLD leader and councilor.Gobind dismissed the allegations but admitted that 20 acres of land around the kutia was registered in his mother's name. \"On an average, Rs one lakh only is offered by devotes every month. We spend Rs 20 lakh on running its affairs,\" he claimed.Over one acre land belongs to kutia but Kanda has developed the religious place on his land also. In 4.5 acres of this land, he has his palace. Besides, there is an eye hospital, a school, a restaurant and play zone.The Kanda trustPresident: Gopal KandaSecretary: Gobind Kanda (brother)Member: Sarasvati Devi (wife)Member: Jawala Prasad (brother-in-law)Member: Sarita Devi (brother's wife)Member: Moti Lal (relative)Member: Brijlal (relative)Member: Bajrang Das (family member)Member: Ramesh Goyal (relative)Member: Mahesh Kumar (relative)Member: Jai Nandan (employee)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15920301", "title": "Kerala Samajam takes initiative to promote Kannada", "text": "MANGALORE: Non-Kannadigas in Mangalore need not fret about language barrier anymore. Kerala Samajam, Mangalore unit has launched 'Namma Kannada', a unique initiative aimed at enabling non-Kannadigas residing in the district to read and write Kannada.Samajam secretary Ajith Kumar told TOI that though the programme is mainly meant for Malayalis, it would also be an opportunity for others who have come from different parts of the country and settled in the coastal city to learn the basics of the language. \"Those, who have settled in the city, can learn Kannada through the Samajam's training programme on holidays. The Samajam had sent a proposal to Kannada Development Authority and Dakshina Kannada District Kannada Sahitya Parishat. They have promised to support the initiative,\" he said.Canara College lecturer Gopala Krishna Shetty and Expert PU College Kannada department head Karunakara Balkur will be the chief instructors. As many as 100 students have already enrolled for the programme. Those who are interested can register their names before September 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15918270", "title": "Water to be released into Mutha canal till Sept 20", "text": "PUNE: The state irrigation department says it will continue to release water from Khadakwasla dam into the Mutha right bank canal to meet agricultural and drinking water requirements. According to the plan, water will be released into the canal till September 20. Currently 1,410 cusecs of water is being released.\"The water in the canal meets the drinking water needs of Pune, Indapur and Daund and also provides water for irrigation of the farms in Pune district. We are continuously reviewing the water availability in the district,\" said an official of the irrigation department. \"Our officials are taking stock of the water storage in the dams in the district. Though there is a plan to continue releasing the water till September 20, we may reduce this if the water requirements of the agricultural sector are fulfilled in the next few days,\" he added.The collective water storage in the four dams that supply water to the city reached 22.58 TMC (77.46% of its total capacity) on Tuesday evening. Water storage in Panshet was 84.33%, Varasgaon was 78.40%, Temghar was 69.70% and Khadakwasla was 48.46%.According to irrigation officials, the water storage in Khadakwasla was below 50% because of the continuous release of water into the canal. There has also not been much rain in the catchment area of the dam for a week.Temghar has received the highest rainfall (2,080) mm since June. Varasgaon has received 1,835 mm rainfall, while Panshet and Khadakwasla have received 1,709 mm and 398 mm rainfall respectively. Officials say that the catchment areas still need one or two good spells of rain to fill the dams.The Kalmodi, Chaskaman, Andra and Gunjawani dams in the Bhima river basin were full on Tuesday evening. Another four, the Bhama Askhed, Vadivle, Kasarsai and Nira Devghar dams near Pune, were more than 90% full. Water storage in Pavana dam, which supplies water to Pimpri-Chinchwad, reached 7.10 TMC (83.41% of total capacity).District collector Vikas Deshmukh had announced last week that top priority was being given to fulfill drinking water needs followed by the demands of the farming sector and standing crops.Deshmukh asked the irrigation department to prepare a schedule of water release from the four dams in the Khadakwasla circle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15913539", "title": "PM Manmohan Singh seeks trans-national action on Syrian crisis", "text": "NEW DELHI: India will call for \"trans-national action\" on the Syrian crisis during the forthcoming NAM Summit, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said on Tuesday. In a statement before travelling to Iran, the PM stressed that the \"geo-political landscape continues to be transformed in uncertain and unpredictable ways\".Describing the worsening Syrian conflict as a challenge on par with the persistent global economic slowdown, the PM said it was imperative to reform global institutions. This is India's diplomatic speak for reforming the UN Security Council. \"I will stress that our movement should provide a strong political impetus to the ongoing efforts to reform and democratize global governance structures, which are critical to tackle these challenges more effectively,\" he said.The PM's characterization of the Syrian crisis is significant, because it would appear to differ from the Iranian stand of letting the Assad government take the lead. Although loath to impose externally driven regime change, the Syrian conflict is transforming itself into a regional proxy war, which, India believes, could end in disaster. India recently abstained on a UNGA vote on Syria that endorsed an Arab League position seeking an end to the Assad regime.Iran, as Syria's only backer, is under a lot of pressure. But Tehran has doggedly maintained that the conflict was a result of outside intervention by the Sunni Arab states. While India believes that there is indeed a lot of external involvement in Syria, Iran is equally responsible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15918210", "title": "Reconsider helmet rule, says PCB vice-president", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Sub Area's (PSA) plan to make the use of helmets compulsory for two-wheeler riders came in for opposition from an unexpected quarter on Tuesday.In her maiden speech as the new vice-president of the Pune Cantonment, Arti Mahajan appealed to PSA deputy general officer commanding M S Jaswal to reconsider the rule, stating that it was unnecessary. It was also Jaswal's first day as PCB president, a post he holds as officiating chief of the PSA.Jaswal said, \"I was looking for your (Mahajan's) support in implementing the helmet rule.\" However, he remained firm in the PSA's commitment to go-ahead with the compulsory helmet rule in Pune Cantonment areas from September 1.Jaswal advised PCB chief executive officer K Venkat Nagi Reddy, elected members and cantonment staff to work for the upliftment and betterment of the Pune Cantonment.\"The stigma of wrongdoings should go. I am available 24 hours a day and am ready to address issues pertaining to the cantonment. We should help each other and move forward if want to provide better amenities to the public.\"Later, speaking to TOI, he said, \"I will stick to my stand over the helmet issue. I am going by the law. After taking charge as the PCB president, I have issued an open invitation to those opposing the implementation of helmets to come and see me. I don't mind discussing the issue with them.\"Mahajan told TOI that people passing through cantonment limits would suffer hardships if the helmet rule was implemented. She asked why wearing a helmet was not made mandatory in PMC areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15911832", "title": "Class XI girl molested, attacked", "text": "THANE: A Class XI girl was allegedly molested and attacked with a blade by three unidentified youths in Majiwada village. The incident has triggered fear and safety concerns in the area, which has witnessed a rise in crime against women .On Monday morning, the minor girl, who is a student at a local college, left her house around 8am to attend classes. On her way, she was waylaid by the three youths, who allegedly molested her and then one of the accused removed a blade and attacked her, causing injuries on her hand.The Kapurbawadi police said that the girl's family has claimed that they were being stalked and were receiving threat calls for the last few months. The girl's elder sister had been allegedly receiving abusive calls from unknown persons. The family, residing at Ganesh Nagar in Majiwada, did not report the calls or the stalking to the police earlier, but after the molestation and attack incident, they decided to lodge a complaint.Police suspect that it may be a case of a one-sided love affair and are trying to trace the number from which calls were made to the girls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "15915180", "title": "J&K; HC orders prosecution of officers in Gulmarg land scam", "text": "SRINAGAR: The J&K; high court on Tuesday directed the state government to prosecute IAS officer Mahboob Iqbal, who retired as divisional commissioner, Kashmir, for his involvement in the Gulmarg land scam and also sought the prosecution of IAS officer Basher Khan, deputy commissioner, Srinagar, for his involvement in the scam.Hearing the PIL filed by Sheikh Mohammad Shafi and S N Bhalla a division bench comprising Chief Justice MM Kumar and Justice Muzafar Hussian Attair directed the government to pass the orders for the prosecution of all IAS, IFS and KAS officers involved in corruption cases within four weeks, lawyer Sheikh Shakeel said.On March 13, 2009, the State Vigilance Organization had registered a case against Iqbal, Basher, Garib Singh, assistant commissioner, Baramulla, Farooq Ahmed Lone, the then Chief Executive Officer of Gulmarg Development Authority, Rafi Ahmad, retired assistant deputy commissioner, Baramulla, and Ghulam Mohi-u-Din Shah, Naib Tehsildar, Kunzar for using their public office for illegal transfer of state land worth crores of rupees at Gulmarg.Case FIR No 8/2009 P/S VOK was registered following a verification of the allegations of abuse of public office and the illegal transfer of land earmarked for the development of tourist infrastructure under the masterplan of Gulmarg Development Authority (GDA), by the officials of Revenue/Tourism department, as members of the committee constituted under J&K; State Land (Vesting of ownership rights to the occupants) Act, 2001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15912045", "title": "Victim\u2019s kin assaulted for slapping \u2018eve-teaser\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: A 22-year-old man, who was slapped by the mother of a 20-year-old woman for allegedly passing lewd comments at her daughter in a Bhandup chawl, unleashed terror on the family to avenge the humiliation.The accused, Avinash Wankhede, who stays in the Ambedkar Nagar chawl, allegedly organized an assault on the woman's family. Over 20 women and some men are said to have barged into their tenement on August 22 and attacked everyone, including the woman's grandmom. Her three sisters were hospitalised.Trouble began on August 20 when the woman was on her way back home at 9.45pm. Wankhede is said to have passed lewd remarks at her. \"When I told my mother about this, she slapped him in full view of the public,'' the 20-year-old said.Wankhede went to the Bhandup police station and registered an NC. \"The next day, he again misbehaved with me. When we approached the cops, they said there was a complaint against us. The cops took my uncle and brother to the police station where they were beaten up,'' the victim said. She alleged police inaction in the case. \"Instead of registering an FIR against Wankhede, they gave us a warning for creating tension.''Cops denied the charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15914222", "title": "Nagpur University, finally, hands over librarian's case to Disciplinary Action Committee", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University has finally handed over the case of senior NU lecturer allegedly helping her sister to clear her exams, to its Disciplinary Action Committee (DAC). The controller of examinations (CoE) Siddharth Kane, who had given a \"clean chit\" to the head of NU's Department of Library and Information Science (DLISc) Shailini Likhitkar, told media about this development. TOI had on August 2 reported this issue.\"After conducting initial probe we have decided to handover the case to DAC as per rules and regulations,\" Kane said. He explained that after TOI report, NU had initiated a probe and sought Likhitkar's explanation on the allegations.\"In her reply, she stated that she was on leave at the time of the examination but NU officials had asked her to check the answer sheets. She said that she didn't have any information about the answer sheets that were being revaluated and had absolutely no idea that her sister's answer-sheet was among the lot she checked,\" Kane said.Interestingly, while refuting the allegations, the CoE had termed the entire episode as an \"act of mischief by someone\". Likhitkar however couldn't be contacted for her comments.The fraud came to fore after a person, TS Gedam, wrote to vice-chancellor, Vilas Sapkal, alleging that Likhitkar had helped her sister (Roll No. 108993) to clear Bachelor of Library Science (BLib) examination conducted in 2010-11 through unfair means. The letter claimed that Likhitkar herself checked the answer-sheets of her sister during revaluation and increased her marks in two subjects so as to enable her to clear the examinations.The letter further mentioned that she had misused her position and failed to inform the university that her sister was appearing in the examination, thus violating rules.The letter claimed that when her sister completed her Certificate Course in Library Science in 2008, she (Roll No. 171026) was declared failed and but she subsequently cleared her next exam with the help of Likhitkar. She had even visited MJ College when MLib practicals were being conducted in March and asked the college authorities to personally pay attention to her sister. The student is now doing her Masters in Library Science (MLib).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "15917969", "title": "2 youths swept away in Tangri; one found dead", "text": "AMBALA: Two youths washed away in the Tangri waters on Monday evening. The river has been flowing in a spate after heavy rains in hilly areas of Himachal Pradesh and plains of Yamunanagar and Ambala districts.Divers employed by the district administration to look for the victims, found the body of Jitender, 23, on Tuesday afternoon. They were still looking for his friend Rinku at the time of filing of this report. Jitender's body was handed over to the members of his family after postmortem.The duo had reportedly slipped in the waters while on their way to fetch fodder for their cattle. Before anyone could react, they had been swept away by the strong current of river water. Both the youths belonged to families of marginal farmers.ADC S S Phulia said, \"Jitender's body was found about 7km away from the spot where he fell into the river. We hope the operation would be completed very soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15915242", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation vows PoP idols free city", "text": "NAGPUR: In a step towards making city free of plaster of paris (PoP) idols this festival season, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to seize the idols prepared with the contaminating material. It also banned import of PoP idols into city with immediate effect. Mayor Anil Sole has also assured to ban immersion of idols in Sonegaon lake which has been rejuvenated recently.These decisions, if implemented strictly, will ensure prevention of further pollution of city lakes. Ganeshotsav begins from September 19, followed by Shardotsav and Durgotsav.The NMC's general body framed the guidelines for implementation of ban on PoP idols on Tuesday. However, three corporators protested the ban and demanded exemption for another year but it was not entertained as NMC has already been giving exemptions for the last two years. After Tuesday's meeting, Sole said PoP idols being brought into city will be stopped at octroi check posts. \"Health department will form a squad of NMC officials, police, and experts to identify PoP idols. The squad will inspect all idols in the city and seize them if found to be made using PoP. Immersion of PoP idols will not be allowed in the water bodies. Instead they will be immersed in artificial tanks. The immersion of nirmalya will also be banned in the water bodies. Special provisions will be made for immersion of nirmalya,\" he said.Sole said action will be taken against persons violating the ban. \"Action will be initiated against persons preparing, selling, or immersing PoP idols or immersing nirmalya in lakes. However, offences will not be registered against them as the move requires state government approval,\" he said.Leader of opposition Vikas Thakre also said PoP idols not only polluted the environment but defeated the very purpose of installation and pooja of idols. \"PoP does not dissolve in water. Besides, some people collect the PoP from such idols for using it again. The purpose of worshipping Ganesh or other deities is not met if the idols do not dissolve in water,\" he said. Thakre further said the NMC will have to ensure ban on making and selling PoP idols was effective as it may not be able to stop anybody from immersing the idols as it could hurt religious sentiments.Leader of ruling party Praveen Datke said the NMC will spread awareness among citizens about ban on PoP idols and its background. \"Awareness campaign will be started in a planned manner. The mandals have already been asked to avoid installing PoP idols. Now, citizens will also be requested to avoid them,\" he said. Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari suggested including PoP ban in licence condition for sculptors and related professionals.Opposing the ban, senior corporator Prakash Gajbhiye said the NMC had failed to take steps like construction of artificial tanks for immersion of idols and spreading awareness among citizens. \"Ban with immediate effect will cause loss to hundreds of families earning bread and butter from PoP idols,\" he said. Tiwari and senior corporator Sunil Agrawal engaged in a war of words with Gajbhiye. Corporators Raju Nagulwar and Vijay Barse demanded exemption from ban this year.Sole said the decision to ban PoP idols was taken by the general body last year. \"Sculptors engaged in PoP made idols were given four years' time. Even sculptors assured in writing last year they would not use PoP. General body is very concerned about the pollution of environment. Besides, the decisions of the general body should not be taken lightly,\" he said.At Sonegaon, Sole said idols would be immersed in a tank being constructed beside the lake. Welcoming the decision, sculptors protesting against the PoP idols felicitated Sole after the meeting. One of them, Suresh Pathak, told TOI the sculptors making earthen idols are available in 45 areas and can meet entire requirement of the city.BSP corporators walk outThe BSP corporators staged a walk-out at the commencement of the meeting protesting the absence of municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane. Senior BSP corporator Kishor Gajbhiye said that general body's meeting had no meaning without the presence of civic chief. \"Discussion is only relevant when there is hope for action or implementation. The municipal commissioner is the authority for implementing general body decisions. We have not had a regular additional municipal commissioner also for long,\" he said.Leader of opposition leader Vikas Thakre said discussion in the meeting was necessary on various problems of city. \"Major problems like roads, garbage collection, water supply continue. Mayor should hold the general body meeting within a week as today the civic chief was absent and senior corporator Raju Lokhande had suffered bereavement,\" he said.Leader of ruling party Praveen Datke assured another meeting in first or second week of September.Mayor Anil Sole explained the meeting was planned for August 27. \"Wardhane requested that it be held on August 28 due to some official tour. However, he suddenly had to leave for Mumbai to attend a meeting organized by the chief minister. No official can avoid chief minister's meeting,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "15912522", "title": "Practical ways: Learning circles on Polka Dot Day", "text": "BRS NAGAR: The tiny tots of Cherrylane Play School learned the concept of circles through a unique way by celebrating a Polka Dot Day on Tuesday. The excited kids attended the school on Tuesday wearing dresses with polka dots. The teachers helped kids to identify the round shapes on their dresses and in all their surroundings.A circle hunt event saw the toddlers running around the campus finding as many circles as possible, which were hidden by the teachers. The nursery kids participated in a banana peeling and eating competition too. Akshat Sharma won the competition by eating the maximum bananas followed by Gurjot Singh and Keerath.Akshat's mother Shivani, who resides in Rajguru Nagar, said it is an innovative way of teaching kids along with entertainment. \"I am not surprised at his achievement in this competition as banana is his favourite fruit,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15920078", "title": "Property tax: SC asks state rep to appear for hearing", "text": "GURGAON: Taking strong objection to the fact that no official from the state or the city municipal corporation were present during the court hearings, the Supreme Court has directed that the principal secretary (law), government of Haryana, should be present in person at the next court hearing on October 12. The SC is hearing a case filed by a residents group against the municipal corporation of Gurgaon imposing property tax on the residents even though it has failed to provide basic amenities.\"Despite service, no one has put in appearance on behalf of the state of Haryana.Therefore, we are constrained to direct the principal secretary (Law), state of Haryana, to appear in person in court and assist us in making appropriate orders in the case. The secretary shall appear on October 12, 2012,\" read the order passed by Justice DK Jain and Madan B Lokur. A copy of the order is with the TOI. The court also wanted to know as to what external development work has been carried out by the state in the areas in question, particularly with regards to sewer, drinking water, roads etc which are required to be taken over and maintained by the municipal corporation. It further directed the state and the corporation to file their respective affidavits within the next four weeks.The petitioners say that they are hopeful that the final ruling will be in their favour. \"We are happy with the way the case is progressing in the Supreme Court and we hope that those residents who are living in the private builder area will not be asked to pay property tax till the time the MCG does not provide basic amenities,\" said RS Rathee, president Gurgaon Citizens Council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "15918372", "title": "'Not a single NE student left Aurangabad'", "text": "AURANGABAD: Police commissioner Sanjay Kumar on Monday said that not a single student from the northeast out of the 290 staying in Aurangabad left the city fearing for their safety when attacks on students from the northeast sparked an exodus from several cities across the country.Kumar released a booklet containing names and addresses of students from the northeast staying in Aurangabad and officers whom they could approach whenever they needed help. The booklet containing details of students from seven northeast states was compiled in association with the Marathwada Institute of Technology (MIT).Kumar thanked the 290 students, including 52 female students, for not falling prey to rumours and keeping faith in the Aurangabad police and residents. He said no incident of harassment of these students occurred and the city remained peaceful. He further said that as a precautionary measure, the police would keep the helpline for northeast students operational for another month.Director general of MIT Munish Sharma, deputy commissioners of police Somnath Gharge, Jay Jadhav and Arvind Chawaria, assistant commissioners of police Naresh Meghrajani, Sandeep Bhajibhakre, Rahul Shrirame, Vijay Pawar and Kisansing Bahure and representatives of students from northeast were also present on the occasion.Kumar regretted the exodus of people from the northeast from different parts of the country. He said, \"It was a planned move by our adversaries to dent our national integrity and harm the prevailing religious and social harmony by circulating threatening and malicious SMSs and misinformation through social networking sites. The Aurangabad police are well-equipped and prepared to counter any challenge,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15916445", "title": "'Hype' on National Green Tribunal flayed", "text": "BJP leaders flayed Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai for \"creating hype\" that the government is not in favour of approaching the National Green Tribunal (NGT) regarding the interstate Mhadei river dispute, pointing out that the SC-appointed tribunal has set a hearing date for September. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15909626", "title": "7 refugees freed from Chengalpet special camp", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government on Tuesday released seven Sri Lankan Tamil refugees, including an LTTE member, D Paraparan, who were involved in crimes like illegal human trafficking and forgery of passports and visas in Tamil Nadu and were detained in the Chengalpet special camp for several months.Most of them were released from the camp on medical grounds based on the recommendations of the review committee, which comprises senior secretaries and the director general of police. Those released are R Vigneswaran, 41, D Paraparan, 38, T Satheesh Kumar, 28, D Shanmuganathan, 62, V Satheesh Kumar, 36, R Sekhar, 32, and A Dishji Mohammed, 23.The MDMK has been making repeated pleas to the government to release those lodged in special camps. When foreigners involved in crimes are released on bail by courts, they are detained in special camps under Sec 3 (2) (e) of the Foreigners' Act 1946 to prevent their escaping from the country. The Chengelpet camp has 32 Sri Lankans, two Nigerians and one South African at present. The second special camp at Poonamallee has eight hardcore LTTE men.\"They are segregated to ensure that LTTE men do not mingle with others,\" said an official. Over the past three years, 150 inmates have been released from these two camps, he said. They are released on the condition that they should stay with their relatives or friends in a particular place, either in an open refugee camp or outside.Most of the special camp inmates were involved in smuggling of contraband or illegal trafficking of people. Very few inmates are charged with murders and physical violence, said the official. They lead normal lives in special camps. The only restriction is that they cannot leave the camps. Only the outer gate of the camp is locked and guarded by armed police. Any visitor can walk into the camp between 9am and 5pm and spend time with the inmates. \"Even conjugal rights are permitted in the camp and we have instances of spouses of some inmates getting pregnant after their visits to the camp,\" said an official.The government gives a daily allowance of 70 with which they source food items. Revenue officials help them in purchases and inmates cook their own food inside the camp. They are allowed to watch cable TV, DVDs and play sports and games. In the 110 open camps for Sri Lankan refugees across the state, there are 67,716 people as on date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15919386", "title": "Flood in Central Coalfields Limited mine kills officer, another traceless", "text": "BOKARO: A Central Coalfields Limited (CCL) officer drowned in the water that gushed inside a mine, while a senior manager of the company remained traceless inside the mine of Dhori Khas project in Bermo subdivision on Tuesday.Two CCL employees, who were accompanying the duo inside the mine however, managed to escape after water flooded the mine around 12.30pm. Ajay Kant Yadav's body was fished out of the mine by a rescue team late on Tuesday evening. Search for senior manager P K Singh is on. The two workers who survived are Dumar Chandra Mahto and P K Pathak, said a source.Following the incident, general managers of CCL's Dhori project Charan Singh and Anurag Kumar of Bokaro and Kargili project rushed to the spot along with rescue teams. The team found 200 feet water at the spot where the officials went traceless. Special rescue teams from Ranchi and neighbouring Ramgarh district are rushing to the spot to search for the official, said the source.Police and administrative officials have also reached the spot to assess the situation while hundreds of CCL workers, union leaders were present there. A team of general managers of various departments of the CCL have also rushed to Dhori area. \"Rescue team has recovered Yadav's body while our senior manager mining is traceless. We are trying to trace him,\" said Dipak Kumar, CCL, spokesperson.According to the source, Singh along with Yadav, Mahto and Pathak had gone inside the mine to inspect the site after the blast. They came across water seepage from the walls. Singh asked them to check the wall from where water was seeping. But unfortunately as one of them hammered the wall, it collapsed and the water gushed inside.Bermo DSP Santosh Pathak said police personnel were there at the spot while CCL rescue team was carrying out operation to trace the two officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15911353", "title": "Petitioner fined for insisting on hiring ex-judge as lawyer", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court (HC) has imposed fine of Rs 25,000 on a litigant for continuously insisting on hiring former judge as a lawyer in his case before the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) court.Petitioner Salim Bhada filed a petition in the HC against a CBI court's order refusing him to hire advocate R H Sharma, who was suspended from the post of additional sessions judge and later he resigned from judiciary. Bhada was penalized by the HC for arguing repetitively about the laws having provisions that a litigant can hire any lawyer of his choice, and that every lawyer has got right of practicing in courts.Bhada's application was rejected by Justice R H Sukla after advocate Rashmin Jani, who appeared for the Bar Council of Gujarat, brought certain aspects to the court's notice. The counsel informed the court that the same petitioner has filed an identical petition earlier this year, which was admitted by the HC and notice was also issued.However, the petitioner did not wait for the outcome of first petition, and came up with the identical plea and did not disclose before the court that the earlier petition was pending. Advocate Jani also submitted that an application in this regard was filed earlier in 2010 and Justice Akil Kureshi ruled that advocate Sharma, being a former session judge, could not practice in district courts and subordinate courts to the position he had held.The HC fined the petitioner after bar council questioned his intentions and highlighted that the petitioner never informed the bench that the lawyer, whose help he was seeking, was a former judicial officer.After hearing the case, Justice Shukla slapped penalty of Rs 25,000 on Bhada, asking him to pay it to the court registry, which will be transferred to the legal service authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15916992", "title": "Violent past of student politics", "text": "LUCKNOW: Between August 2003 and September 2006, four students lost their lives and over 150 were injured in over 100 violent clashes over student politics in Lucknow University. Teachers were beaten up and threatened at gunpoint. Criminal elements and mafia became regular visitors on the campus. Academics took a backseat, as student leaders interfered in routine administrative affairsIn September 2006, Supreme Court passed an order based on Lyngdoh Committee report barring criminal elements from union elections. LU witnessed violent protests. Over 100 'criminal' students were expelledMaya government, after coming to power, banned the union elections in 2007, which was welcomed by all. While the state government's decision to revive unions has given mixed reactions from teachers and students, people have lost hope for a free and fair conduct of student polls, keeping goonda elements awayAfter SP came to power in March this year, it revived the student union polls. And now, the situation is getting back to square one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15912089", "title": "2 youths stabbed for opposing eve-teasing", "text": "JAIPUR: A 20-year-old youth was stabbed along with his friend when the two tried to oppose eve-teasing outside Shekhawati college in Kotwali area of Sikar. One of the injured youth is a brother of the victim girl, a student of the Shekhawati College.The incident has once again exposed the inefficiency of Sikar police after a teenager was abducted and raped by some men a fortnight back and thrown at an isolated spot. The 12-year-old girl was returning along with her mother and aunt after watching the night show of a film in the incident.The victim was upset over the foul remarks of a group of boys for the last couple of days daily in college.At 10.30am on Tuesday when the victim pursuing B.Com 2nd year was entering the college, some unidentified youths stopped her, made foul comments and also tried to grab her. The girl mustered courage and screamed for help after which the youths fled from the scene, police said.\"Immediately after the incident, the girl informed her brother Kuldeep Singh (20) about the incident over the phone. Singh, along with his friend Rajesh (22), rushed to the spot and confronted the youths. The confrontation turned violent when the youths stabbed both Singh and Rajesh,\" said a senior police officer of Kotwali police station here.Hearing the wailing of the girl and the two victim youths, some college students took them to the government hospital.\"Kuldeep's condition is a bit critical due to excessive bleeding, however, Rajesh is out of danger,\" said a senior doctor of the hospital.Police said the victim youths had been hit with some sharp- edged weapon and claim they have formed teams to nab the assailants.By evening, the police rounded up at least a dozen youths and claimed the actual culprits would be arrested soon.\"We are trying to ensure that the innocent are not punished. Three accused were behind the stabbing,\" said Surendra Sharma, circle inspector, Kotwali police station.Sikar police have registered a case under section 307 (attempt to murder) and outraging modesty (354) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) against the youths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15909625", "title": "3 held for running \u2018kangaroo court\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: Three people of Chinna Mangodu, a fishing hamlet near Gummidipoondi, around 50km from Chennai, were arrested on Monday for running a 'kangaroo court' and demanding money and liquor from the father of a girl who had eloped with a boy of a neighbouring village.T Devan, 42, deputy head of the village, and his relatives B Murthy, 25, and T Ramesh, 28, demanded Rs 5 lakh and liquor to all men in the hamlet from Devarajan, 48, whose daughter Deepa had eloped and got married to Suresh of neighbouring Periya Mangodu hamlet.Devarajan protested the 'judgment' but the court brushed aside his claims, claiming his daughter had brought 'dishonour' upon the village. Devarajan, councillor of ward number 1 in Minjur village panchayat approached police.The three confessed they had come up with the idea of the to satisfy all the drinkers in the village and were remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15913503", "title": "Traders worst hit by rain, waterlogging", "text": "JAIPUR: The continuous rain that lashed the city had left the small and medium industrialists high and dry. They are missing the deadlines and are forced to pay penalties for delay in delivery. For traders, the clogged water on the streets and in front of their shop are turning away the customers.All manufacturing units that depend on raw materials supplied from outside Rajasthan are affected by torrential rains. The production has drastically come down. The finished goods are waiting to be delivered while some units have cut down production due to lack of raw material. \"The production has come down to 50%. Due to continuous rain, the labourers are taking lot of holidays. The electricity also gets disrupted due to faults leading to forced shut down of units,\" said Jagdish Somani, president, Vishwakarma Industrial Area.Due to potholes on national highways, the consignments are reaching late. A batch which generally takes a day to reach Delhi from Jaipur are now getting delivered in 2-3 days. Due to this, industrialists are getting the next orders late, disturbing their whole business cycle. \"Until our existing order reaches on time, the party does not give the next order and blocks the payment. On top of that we even have to pay penalty for each day. This rain has brought down our business,\" said Manish Arora , a businessman.The jems and jewellery business which attracts dealers from all states have been among the worst-hit. The number of traders from Haryana, Delhi, Gujarat and UP have dipped in the past fortnight. \"News of floods in Jaipur has instilled fear among traders in other states. Generally we receive good number of them during weekend and they do good business. But during last two weekends, sarafa bazaar have not seen many of them,\" said Ashish Meghraj, a city-based jeweler.The sarafa bazaar in August itself has witnessed a loss of 40%. Traders attribute it to clogged water and continuous downpour. Footfalls in other markets of the city too have plunged resulting huge losses to businessman. \"MI road is submerged in water. Why will anybody like to visit here? We are losing customers because of apathy of civic authorities,\" said Suresh Saini, president, MI road market association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "tehran", "code": "15911872", "title": "Govt backtracks on SMSs, won't raise issue with Pak", "text": "TEHRAN: India is unlikely to raise the issue of inflammatory SMSs, which home secretary R K Singh had said originated in Pakistan, with Pakistani president Asif Zardari. The reason: no provocative SMS actually originated in Pakistan, said official sources. This is a clear shift from the government's earlier stand that some of the SMSs had originated in Pakistan.A meeting between PM Manmohan Singh and Zardari is possible \u2014 though not confirmed \u2014 on the sidelines of the NAM summit here on Thursday. The government is indicating that the home secretary spoke out of turn and inaccurately. Some amount of backtracking is under way. Pakistan has pooh-poohed the Indian allegations and asked for proof.Officials said, some of the web pages showing morphed pictures had indeed started in Pakistan \u2014 by the government's initial reckoning, they were between 26% and 28% of the objectionable content trawled by official agencies.Some of these pictures were found in the text messages that did the rounds before the panic exodus of northeasterners begun from various Indian cities. But the government says there is still no confirmation that this was a single, directed conspiracy or opportunism by nasty elements. It could also have been picked up by some Indians and transmitted via SMSs, they said. Therefore, officials said, it would be folly to pin it on Pakistan. Instead, India may be putting in some security filters to screen web content.Officials also said the government has constituted a body to look into both the violence that was seen in Mumbai's Azad Maidan and the panic flight of northeasterners from Pune and Bangalore. The events, they said, laid bare a huge vulnerability in India's internal security apparatus. Some filters are already being put in place to screen web content that may incite communal violence.\"These are a new phenomenon. We are seeing a new lethal combination of several factors \u2014 aspirations, ethnicities, identity politics and religion \u2014 as being the trigger factors. The CBI had a mandate to look for not only the people who were transmitting these messages but also the intent behind the actions, and whether this was part of a larger conspiracy.\"But because the government is still struggling to deal with the problem, there is a strong possibility that this may happen again. The jury is still out on whether this constitutes a new form of terrorism against India. Sources added that terrorism of this kind cannot be solved by talks with Pakistan. \"We too have to take certain steps,\" officials added.Pakistan is trying to construct \"alternate realities\" on the 26/11 attacks, said official sources.Responding to Pakistan equating the Mumbai attacks with the attack on the Samjhauta Express, officials said in the former, it has been proved that the attackers came from Pakistan, the conspiracy goes not only into extremist groups inside Pakistan but even into the official hierarchy. On Samjhauta, sources said, India has followed the trail of evidence to prosecution of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15919092", "title": "Sohrabuddin trial likely to be shifted to Maharashtra", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday expressed \"strong reservation\" on Sohrabuddin fake encounter case trial continuing in Gujarat after accused and former minister Amit Shah cited the approaching assembly elections to seek reversal of the two-year-old bail condition barring his entry into the state.Given the list of accused in the case which includes former senior police officers D G Vanzara, Raj Kumar Pandian and Dinesh M N, the court had scrupulously monitored investigations into the case even after entrusting it to CBI on finding lapses in the probe by the state Special Investigation Team.A bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana P Desai said, \"So far as trial is concerned, we have strong reservation to continue it in Gujarat. There is a pattern that we see. Preferably it must shift to Maharashtra.\"The apex court had transferred trials in two post-Godhra riots cases - Best Bakery and Bilkis Bano rape - to Maharashtra from Gujarat after it was alleged that witnesses were being threatened and evidence was being tampered with by the accused. In the Best Bakery case, nine people were sentenced to life imprisonment by a Mumbai court. Earlier, all the accused had been acquitted by a fast track court in Vadodara. The Bilkis Bano case was shifted to Mumbai on the insistence of the CBI and had seen 11 people being sentenced to life imprisonment.The SC had granted bail to Amit Shah on October 30, 2010 but asked him to stay away from Gujarat. His counsel Ram Jethmalani said 22 months had passed and his client should be permitted to enter Gujarat as elections were round the corner. He said his client could be placed under CBI surveillance. But the bench said it would not be necessary as it was contemplating shifting the trial to Maharashtra.Amicus curiae and senior advocate Gopal Subramaniam pointed out gaps in the investigation conducted by CBI. He said the agency had failed to conclusively answer whether the policemen-politician nexus was more \"intricate\" than what was given to appear in the previous chargesheet.He also suggested that the CBI probe whether both Sohrabuddin and Prajapati had become \"inconvenient men\" for Gujarat police. Subramaniam also requested the court to direct CBI to investigate the allegation that Gujarat police officers were under \"intense pressure\" while investigating Sohrabuddin and Prajapati fake encounter cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15914771", "title": "Hearing of SCD-affected kids inconclusive", "text": "NAGPUR: The hearing by the state child rights commission on Tuesday about the violation of rights of children suffering from sickle cell disease from the region turned out to be inconclusive. Though the commission heard the complainants, they wanted all the complaints submitted to them in the form of a letter.The commission headed by Vandana Krishna, principal secretary (department of women and child development), will take a decision after going through the complaints again. Earlier, MLA Sudhir Mungattiwar had filed a complaint against it after receiving a petition signed by 38 children suffering from the disease.\"The commission was told about the problems at the government hospitals and insufficient facilities for the SCD-affected,\" said president of Sickle Cell Society of India, Sampat Ramteke.The major demands made by the children include regular medical checkups, provision of medicines and concession in the state transport buses for them and those accompanying them. Also, the children have collected examples wherein some of them have not been able to get the monetary help that they are eligible for. They have also made a request to make the necessary changes in the provision of this help corresponding to the changes made in the state policy about increasing the income levels for economically backward classes from Rs15,000 to Rs1 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15916771", "title": "Inspection at Maulinguem too", "text": "Officials of the directorate of mines and geology inspected the south Maulinguem mines of Sesa Goa on Tuesday following a complaint filed by environmental activist Ramesh Gauns of Bicholim.Gauns had alleged that Sesa Goa was lifting stabilized dumps on a large scale from last week, on three lease areas. He further alleged that all three leases are not amalgamated as per Rule 38 of mining concession regulations, 1960, and that the consent to operate them expired on July 31, 2012, yet operation continued.Prasanna Acharya , director of mines and geology, said that \"As per my directives, officials visited the south Maulinguem mines of Sesa Goa on August 26, but on that day there was no mining going on.\" This inspection was based on an oral complaint. Then, getting a written complaint from Gauns on Monday, the directorate sent a team to south Maulinguem on Tuesday. Geologist Deepak Mayenkar said \"We have visited the mining lease area, checked the mining plan and collected data. The detailed report of findings will be finalised by August 29.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "15929360", "title": "International Business Machines planning Apple Siri rival", "text": "NEW YORK: International Business Machines (IBM) researchers spent four years developing Watson, the computer smart enough to beat the champions of the quiz show \"Jeopardy!\" Now they're trying to figure out how to get those capabilities into the phone in your pocket.Bernie Meyerson, IBM's vice president of innovation, envisions a voice-activated Watson that answers questions, like a supercharged version of Apple's Siri personal assistant. A farmer could stand in a field and ask his phone, \"When should I plant my corn?\" He would get a reply in seconds, based on location data, historical trends and scientific studies.Finding additional uses for Watson is part of IBM's plan to tap new markets and boost revenue from business analytics to $16 billion by 2015. After mastering history and pop culture for its \"Jeopardy!\" appearance, the system is crunching financial information for Citigroup and cancer data for WellPoint. The next version, dubbed \"Watson 2.0,\" would be energy- efficient enough to work on smartphones and tablets.\"The power it takes to make Watson work is dropping down like a stone,\" Meyerson said in an interview. \"One day, you will have ready access to an incredible engine with a world knowledge base.\"IBM expects to generate billions in sales by putting Watson to work in finance, health care, telecommunications and other areas. The computer, which 15 million people saw beat former \"Jeopardy!\" champions Ken Jennings and Brad Rutter , is the company's most high-profile product since it sold its personal- computer unit to Lenovo Group Ltd. seven years ago.The challenge for IBM is overcoming the technical obstacles to making Watson a handheld product, and figuring out how to price and deliver it. Watson's nerve center is 10 racks of IBM Power750 servers running in Yorktown Heights, New York , that have the same processing power as 6,000 desktop computers.Even though most of the computations occur at the data center, a Watson smartphone application would still consume too much power for it to be practical today. Researchers also need to add voice and image recognition to the service so that it can respond to real-world input, said Katharine Frase, vice president of industry research at Armonk, New York-based IBM.IBM's path to the mobile-assistant market contrasts with Apple's. For one, IBM is focused on corporate customers, while Apple is targeting anyone who buys its phones.Apple made Siri the focus of its marketing of the iPhone 4S , which debuted last year. The software is touted as a personal assistant that can answer a wide range of spoken questions - \"Do I need an umbrella tomorrow?\" - and put appointments in a calendar. Siri has become a defining characteristic of the iPhone, though it's also drawn complaints. In a June survey by Minneapolis-based Piper Jaffray &amp; Co, Siri was found to resolve requests correctly less than 70 percent of the time.With Watson, IBM aims to tackle more complex questions. The programme will be able to understand oncology to advise doctors on diagnosis and prescriptions, said Martin Kohn, IBM's chief medical scientist.One iPad application for Watson- a health-care programme developed with a Columbia University professor - is being used to demonstrate its medical capabilities for prospective IBM customers. A mobile Watson could become an extension of services that IBM already offers to business customers such as WellPoint, the second-biggest US health insurer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15913252", "title": "Angered by Raje's absence, BJP members targeting me: Gehlot", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Tuesday ruled out an all-party meet over relief and rehabilitation work following the recent heavy rains as demanded by the BJP.Earlier on Monday, the state BJP had handed over a memorandum to Governor Margaret Alva, demanding that the compensation for the victims be raised and better relief and rehabilitation measures adopted by the state government.Reacting to the state BJP's meeting with the governor, Gehlot said the demands did not hold any water. \"The BJP is well aware of the work done by the administration, which reacted in a prompt manner. Those affected by the incessant rains were moved to safer locations, food-packets were distributed, work for pumping out water from areas where the waterlogging was severe was initiated immediately,'' Gehlot said. He was interacting with the media after participating in a meeting of the party's city presidents at the state PCC headquarters.Hitting back at the BJP's attack on poor management of relief and rehabilitation work, the chief minister said that the state BJP president and others are leveling baseless allegations. \"The Leader of Opposition is in London for the past four months and angered by her absence, they are targeting me. What can I do about that?'' said Gehlot, adding that Raje had spent the last four years either in London, Delhi or Dehradun .Reacting to the opposition's statement that he had not personally visited the affected areas, Gehlot said he himself was monitoring the situation and had held a meeting early next morning after it had rained heavily on the night of August 21. \"There have been some casualties while some people have been adversely affected and we are concerned about that. However, over-all monsoon has a great impact in the state and people are quite happy with the present rainfall in the state,'' he added.Though the authorities have been blamed repeatedly for allowing encroachments in places like Amanisha Nala, the chief minister avoided commenting on the role of authorities over illegal encroachments. Rather, he said the work being done by authorities was being appreciated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15918158", "title": "Pune to get light rain in next 48 hours", "text": "PUNE: The city received 2.3 mm rain in the 24 hours ending at 8.30 am on Tuesday, marking a revival of the rainfall activity after a sustained break for the last few days. Intermittent spells of light rains continued in parts of the city as cloudy weather prevailed for most part of the day. The India Meteorological Department (IMD) though, reported a trace i.e. rainfall not to the level of being recorded, for the period between 8.30 am and 5.30 pm on Tuesday.\"We expect spells of light rains to take place in the city during the next 48 hours but the intensity may not be much,\" said IMD's deputy director general for weather forecasting Medha Khole. \"This is mainly because of the diminished effect of the low pressure area, which now lies over Madhya Pradesh,\" she said.Pune has now received 274.5 mm rain since June 1 and the same is 156.1 mm below normal for the season, so far. The rainfall revival in the last 24 hours is being attributed to an offshore trough in the Arabian Sea that runs across the Maharashtra coast to Kerala coast and has become active in the last two days.\"Under the influence of this system, there has been fairly widespread rain in the coastal Konkan and Goa region as well as the central Maharashtra region, between Jalgaon/Nashik in the north and Kolhapur in the south,\" said Khole.In fact, with the exception of the Marathwada region, which reported scattered rainfall activity, most other parts of the state reported heavy to fairly good rain in the last 24 hours, she said. Mahabaleshwar in central Maharashtra received 96 mm rain between 8.30 am Monday and 8.30 am Tuesday and another 38 mm rain between 8.30 am and 5.30 pm on Tuesday. Similarly, parts of Kolhapur, Satara and Sangli districts in the south central Maharashtra, which is closer to the coastal region, received good rain, she added.Malegaon in north central Maharashtra received 23 mm rain between 8.30 am and 5.30 pm on Tuesday, while the Santacruz observatory in Mumbai recorded 11 mm rain. Ratnagiri and Dahanu recorded 16 mm and 25 mm rain during this period.Khole said, \"The low pressure area has moved west northwestwards from the Bay of Bengal to Madhya Pradesh and has now merged with the monsoon trough, which lies at its near normal position. The offshore trough in the Arabian Sea is another system that is influencing rainfall activity.\"In the next 48 hours, there will be fairly widespread rain in the coastal parts of Maharashtra, Karnataka and Kerala besides Gujarat, she said. \"The west Gujarat, which covers Saurashtra and Kutch, has been facing severe rainfall deficiency and the forecast of rain augurs well for this region,\" she said. Rainfall activity will continue in Vidarbha, central Maharashtra and Konkan and Goa regions, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15918892", "title": "JMM ministers complain to CM about errant IAS officers", "text": "RANCHI: Unhappy with the style of functioning of some senior IAS officers, ministers belonging to the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) in the coalition government met the chief minister on Tuesday and complained about the bureaucrats, who are believed to close to Arjun Munda , for ignoring their instructions.The delegation, led by deputy chief minister Hemant Soren, comprised health minister Hemlal Murmu and land reform minister Mathura Prasad Mahato. The JMM displeasure may prove dear to Munda as the party has 18 MLAs in the 44-member alliance government in the 82-strong assembly. The BJP and the Ajsu Party have 18 and six members in the house respectively.Sources present in the meeting said the JMM leader openly criticized the officers for not informing any minister about the state-level review meeting held on Monday.\"It has become very difficult for us to function in the current set-up especially when the officers are not listening to the ministers. We informed the chief minister that no one is going to tolerate this type of behaviour of officers,\" Mahato said adding that the chief minister was also reminded of the ethics of the coalition government.Coming out of the meeting Soren, who is also the leader of the JMM legislature party in the assembly, criticized the government. \"The government is not functioning properly. It is like a lock that is opened by three keys and one key has become faulty. Keeping in mind the present situation when officers don't bother to inform ministers about review meetings, any one can infer that the government is not functioning,\" said Soren.However, he did not speak about the key - BJP, JMM or Ajsu Party - which has become faulty. It was evident that the attack was on the BJP because the chief minister is from that party.Sources in the chief minister's office said the JMM delegation was assured that action would be taken against the officers. \"The chief minister immediately called the officers who were responsible for arranging the review meeting and warned them of strict action if this is repeated in future,\" said a source.All is not well for the Munda government, it seems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15920046", "title": "Mysore's Malayalis gear up for Thiruvonam today", "text": "MYSORE: The preparations for Wednesday's Thiruvonam, the last day of the 10-day festival of Onam, began in many Malayali households in the city a week ago but they intensified just two days ago.Mysore is home to around 5,000 families belonging to Kerala. At the food fair organized by Kerala Samajam, traditional food items of Kerala like kaya upperi (raw banana chips), pappadams, uppilittathu (pickles), chena upperi (chips made from yam) and boiled rice were made available. Also for sale was the traditional attire of Kerala.Secretary of Kerala Samajam, Mathew Kutty said, \"Traditional food items were brought from Kerala. Malayalis staying here should have access to their food.\"On Thiruvonam, a grand feast is prepared and a festive ambience is created. Vegetarian fare is followed even in some Christian households on that day, he said.People from Kerala make pookkalam with variety of flowers in front of the house. Onasadya (feast) is the best part of the festival.Another Keralite Anitha R C said, \"Traditional onam sadya comprises different varieties of curries, upperies (chips), pappadams, uppilittathu, chammanthi (chutney), payasams and prathamans (both sweet dishes).\"On the occasion of Onam, Kerala Samajam will hold food fest 'Onam pathya' where tradition delicacies of Kerala will be available on September 16. The pookkalam contest will be held on September 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15910484", "title": "Suburban collector approves exhumation of Rameez\u2019s body", "text": "MUMBAI: The office of the suburban collector has approved the exhumation of the body of Versova resident Rameez Chougle, who died in mysterious circumstances on July 4. A formal notification will be issued on Wednesday, after which the Versova Kabrastan Trust, on whose premises he is interred, will decide whether to grant consent. If it does, the process could be complete this week.\"We have no objection to the police exhuming the corpse if they wish to carry out an investigation. The parents of the youth, Gayasuddin and Farzana Chougle, have given their written approval by a formal no-objection certificate (NOC); so, there is no reason we should deny the police's request,\" said an official at the Bandra collectorate.He said the process of exhumation would be videotaped and documented by a representative of the collectorate, after which the police would assign a post-mortem. \"We will conduct a proper panchnama. Our role ends there,\" the official said.The task has been forwarded to the Andheri tehsildar, who will take the matter forward on Wednesday. The order will be conveyed to the police, who will approach the graveyard's authorities with the letter of sanction.Trustees of the Versova Kokni Sunni Jamat Trust told TOI on Tuesday that they were yet to receive word of the collectorate's approval. \"Once the police show us the proper papers, we will call a meeting of the Kabrastan Trust and determine whether we may grant permission for disinterment,\" said a representative.Islamic Sharia does not encourage exhumation. So, the graveyard's authorities are wary of setting a precedent in this respect.The police say they have consulted the mufti at Haji Ali dargah on the matter. But the mufti-imam of the Versova dargah-masjid has expressly denied consent.On Tuesday evening, Sr PI Sharad Borse of the Versova police denied knowledge that the collector had granted leave for exhumation. \"We have not received any letter to this effect,\" he said. Rameez's parents did not take calls for comment.It may be recalled that Versova siblings Rameez and Rehab Chougle died of alleged pesticide poisoning after their fifth-floor apartment in Panch Dhara building, Yari Road, was treated for bedbugs on July 3. A local homoeopath declared Rameez's death as natural, owing to gastroenteritis and severe dehydration, after which his body was interred at the Yari Road Kabrastan without autopsy. Rehab, on the other hand, was confirmed as having died by phosphine poisoning, caused by lethal aluminum phosphide. Her stomach wash had been preserved by Criticare Hospital, where she was admitted on July 4.The police believe they can gather further clues by exhuming Rameez's corpse and conducting an autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15914544", "title": "Plan to have tourism master plan!", "text": "NAGPUR: After the Mihan dream failed to take off as economic driver for the city as well as the region, there are many who believe that tourism is the next best thing that can deliver jobs and prosperity to the city. The district administration and the Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation which remained deep in slumber last year when the state observed tourism year seem to have woken up now. On Tuesday, a workshop of stakeholders was organized in the collectorate to plan a tourism master plan for the district!Around hundred enthusiasts and stakeholders, mainly tour operators, representatives of hospitality industry, planners and officials presided over by district collector Saurabh Rao came out with different suggestions to bring Nagpur on country's tourist map. Interestingly, not many of them were very optimistic that this fresh exercise to boost tourism would actually yield any results. While elected leaders from the ruling parties were missing, Kamptee MLA (BJP) Chandrashekhar Bawankule, Ramtek MLA ( Shiv Sena ) Ashish Jaiswal and MLC Nago Ganar were there to present their ideas.As is the norm with every plan, a new consultant has been found to draw up the master plan. Aakar Abhinav Consultant made a presentation on the occasion which clearly failed to impress pro-tourism veterans like Vilas Kale of the VED and 'Paryatan Mitra' Chandrapal Choukse. Both have been actively working in the field for decades and between them launched over a dozen private initiative successfully providing employment to hundreds of people.\"I don't want to criticize the new consultant, but it missed Nagpur's three major branding ideas - the Tiger gateway, Zero Mile and orange city,\" said Kale. The problem is not of lack of ideas, but of political will to implement these plans, he added. He also wanted an intergraded approach involving forest, revenue departments so that proposed projects like Gorewada zoo are also incorporated in the master plan.Choukse pointed out that Tata Consultancy Service was hired to make a tourism promotion plan in 1995 and its report was accepted by MTDC. But there was no implementation. Similarly, a decade later, TCS again prepared an ecotourism plan, even that is gathering dust in the government offices. He said more than a master plan what was needed to promote tourism was a long-term policy. \"Only then, even if officials change there would be continuity in implementation,\" he added.The workshop ended with a decision to have another meeting after a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15933649", "title": "Sudesh to star in Dirty Politics", "text": "Famous villain of Hindi, Bangla and Bhojpuri films Sudesh Kaul will be seen in KC Bokadia's next. Sudesh will be seen in a pivotal role in 'Dirty Politics'.Sudesh will be seen with Om Puri , Jackie Shroff , Sushant Singh in the movie. Sudesh's Lawaris is also ready for release. Sudesh has also worked with Rituparno Sengupta, Mithun Chakrabarty etc.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "15918745", "title": "Suspended cop booked for clearing certificate without verification", "text": "AURANGABAD: A suspended assistant commissioner of police, V S Patil, was booked by the Kranti Chowk police on Tuesday for allegedly clearing the caste certificate of a female candidate without actually verifying the claim. Patil was then posted with the caste verification committee in the Aurangabad division.Inspector Prakash Kulkarni of the Kranti Chowk police said, \"An offence was registered against Patil on Tuesday following a complaint by Vasant Mahavarkar, assistant commissioner of police, caste verification committee.\"Kulkarni said that Patil, who was suspended earlier following a preliminary inquiry into the alleged misuse of his office in connection with the case, had handled 703 cases of verification during his tenure with the caste verification committee. \"So far, Patil has not been arrested and we are in the process of collecting evidence against him,'' Kulkarni told TOI.He said that around two years ago, the Pune office of the caste verification committee had received complaints against Patil saying that he had indulged in corrupt practices in the issuance of caste certificates. The Pune office appointed an eight-member inquiry committee to look into the allegations. The committee found that in January 2011, Patil had helped one female candidate get a Mahadeo Koli caste certificate without actually examining her claim and related documents.The committee had also concluded that the mandatory police inquiry into the woman's claim was also not conducted. Following the inquiry, the committee submitted its report to the government on May 7, 2012. \"Subsequently, Mahavarkar was asked to lodge a complaint against Patil,\" Kulkarni added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15935035", "title": "Party girl Amy Jackson parties on!", "text": "Amy Jackson, who is working in Shankar's I with Vikram, was apparently told by the director to not party late as it would affect her look the next day.Amy always keeps posting pictures of her being out with friends at clubs dancing and having a good time. She just posted another pic of her and her friends at a club. It was widely reported that Amy was partying late in Chennai and Shankar told her she didn't look upto the mark the next day. But Amy had also posted on her social networking page asking where the late night parties were in Chennai in response to the stories doing the rounds.She also recently broke up with boyfriend Prateik Babbar and is seen out with friends as a result.Chennai as a city has a midnight deadline and most stars usually don't go out partying at clubs. It's only Simbu and Dhanush who are seen out and about at night. And Premgi and Venkat Prabhu once in a while. As for Amy, she's happy listening to her heart !", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15919806", "title": "Romancing the rains with melody and mudra", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: To celebrate the season of rains, romance and melody, Chinta O Chetana, a cultural organization, has teamed up with the state department of culture and tourism to present the 33rd Barsha Festival showcasing classical and semi-classical dance and music performances presented by artistes from all over the country. The three-day festival started on August 27 at Rabindra Mandap. \"We have been celebrating the rains for the past 32 years. Earlier, the festival would feature diverse performance styles. But now we have restricted the show to classical and semi-classical performances,\" said Surendra Das, convener of the organization.\"We have Odissi, Kathak, Hindustani classical music and much more at the festival. All these genres will be used to celebrate the season of rains,\" said festival director, Ratikanta Mohapatra.On the inaugural evening, the audience was mesmerized by a flute and saxophone jugalbandi by Srinibas Satapathy and M Simadri followed by an Odissi dance performance by students of the Utkal University of Culture. \"A festival celebrating the varied moods of rain is unique. When diverse styles of dance and music are woven together to celebrate the rains, you are bound to experience the joy of the season,\" said Pratima Sahu, a dancer.On the second day, Rhythm Symphony was performed by Tapas Paul and his group followed by an Odissi and Kathak duet by Sujata Mohapatra and Prerna Deshpande. The concluding evening will be a musical journey featuring Odissi singers Guru Ramahari Das, Lakshmikant Palit, Bijay Kumar Jena, Sangita Gosain, Sangita Panda and Nazia Alam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15912241", "title": "Enhanced noise pollution ensures Mumbai never sleeps", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai is among the noisiest cities in the world, which perhaps explains why this city never sleeps. Quality of life in the city has taken a severe beating in the last five years owing to high levels of pollution \u2014 noise, air and water \u2014 with noise wreaking the most havoc and putting Mumbaikars at increased risk of disturbed sleep patterns and high blood pressure.Recent civic reports on Mumbai's environment show that noise levels in residential areas have steadily increased during the day as well as at night. Silence zones in the city are anything but so. Noise levels in 2011-12 were around 63 decibels (db) by day and 78db at night, against the permissible limits of 50db and 40db respectively. In fact, noise levels in Mumbai's 1112 notified silence zones have steadily increased in the last four years. \"There is a complete disregard for the noise quotient in the city. Most people aren't even aware of the silence zones around their area. They are also ignorant of the health hazards due to the constant exposure to loud noise,\" said Rubina Aslam, an environmentalist, who is working to make silence zones more 'silent'.Neither is the air Mumbaikars breathe, any good. The BMC's reports have highlighted a rise in suspended particulate matter (SPM) at all six sites where air quality monitoring is done. The highest levels were recorded in Maravli (Chembur), where it doubled from 389 in 2007, to 760 in 2011. In the last five years, most sites recorded higher-than-permissible SPM levels.Water was the only saving grace in the city's environmental report card. Fewer samples were found contaminated, gradually decreasing from about 26% in 2009-10, to about 25% in 2010-11 and still further to around 16% in 2011-12. However, experts said the level was still high.While the civic body's own reports fail to spur it into action, Mumbaikars are paying the price. Several studies have indicated loud noise increases heart attack risk by 12%. Cardiovascular surgeon Dr Pawan Kumar, who consults with Nanavati Hospital, said loud noise causes release of stress hormones that increases blood pressure and heart rate. \"Toxic elements can also reduce the oxygen-carrying capacity of red blood cells and that can give rise to chances of suffering an angina (chest pain),\" he said. Pollutants in air, especially SPM, cause severe respiratory breathing problems and chronic lung diseases over a period of time. Dean of Bombay Hospital, Dr S Jayaram, said, \"Given the current living conditions, it is not surprising how tuberculosis , asthma , cancer and lung diseases are becoming so common,\" he said. A physician from KEM Hospital added that OPDs treat cases of gastroenteritis, typhoid and hepatitis all year, because of contaminated water. \"Ideally, such cases should come only during monsoon, but in Mumbai they occur throughout the year,\" the doctor said.Times View : The govt should take citizen's quality of life seriously and act on environment reportsJust recording the slide in pollution levels, without acting to arrest the slide, serves very little purpose. Our bureaucracy and lawmakers (corporators in this case) need to take the citizen's quality of life more seriously. The lack of follow-up action on annual environment reports is scary, given the long-term impact air, water and noise pollution can have on our health and life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15919566", "title": "Dip in banana prices adds cheer to Onam", "text": "KOCHI: A sudden dip in the price of 'nenthran' bananas in the market saw people making a beeline for vegetable outlets in Ernakulam market and across the city.On Tuesday morning, the price of raw bananas dropped to Rs 20 a kg from Rs 40. Vegetable dealers said the price had gone down with the arrival of loads of bananas from local farmers in Thrissur, Wayanad, Chalakkudy and Kalady-Angamaly belt.\"Compared to the previous year when the price was in the Rs 40-50 range, sales have gone up by up to 40% in the last couple of days,\" said K B Jamal, a vegetable merchant. In the VFPCK stalls, the price of banana was Rs 23 a kg. This price was fixed on Tuesday morning.\"As we procured the stock early in the morning from the market at the prevailing rate, we could fix the price accordingly,\" said an official. Meanwhile, the prices of common vegetables too have gone down drastically in the Ernakulam market. Items that had been sold at Rs 30-40 a kg were being sold for almost half the price on Tuesday.Most of the traders said they had reduced the prices as there was abundant stock. They were scared the rains would make it difficult for them to dispose off the stock.On Tuesday evening, beans that was being sold for Rs 30 a kg till noon, was available for Rs 20 per one and-a-half kilogram; yam that was priced at Rs 40 a kg was being sold for Rs 15 a kg.And retail merchants were seen selling 'sambhar' pieces for Rs 50 per three kilograms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15920007", "title": "Colts arrive amidst smiles, hugs", "text": "MUMBAI: India's triumphant Under-19 World Cup side was given a heroes welcome when they touched down at the Sahar International Airport on Tuesday.The Colts arrived amidst media frenzy and a crowd that danced, cheered and whistled till the 15 members settled in a bus, which ferried them to the felicitation venue.The flight landed at 2 pm but the media and the players' families had to wait anxiously for more than an hour before the team made an appearance.The family of Mumbai left-arm spinner Harmeet Singh came armed with sweets, bouquets and placards that hailed him as the 'Pride of India', while Pune batsman Vijay Zol's family kept it simple with smiles and hugs. Captain of the side Unmukt Chand was mobbed by photographers and friends till security personnel ensured his safe passage to the team bus.Harmeet's dad Jasbir Singh said the real celebration will start after the BCCI felicitation gets over and it will continue till late night.\"This is just the start. We will go home and have a big party, where many of our family members and relatives will come and wish Harmeet,\" said an elated Jasbir.Vijay's mom Chanda said she will cook her son's favourite chicken curry to celebrate the feat.Later the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) felicitated the Under-19 team and support staff with cash prizes and bouquets. While the team members were handed cheques of Rs 20 lakh each, the support staff received Rs 10 lakh apiece from BCCI secretaries Sanjay Jagdale and Anurag Thakur.Jagdale hailed the team's stupendous show in Australia and urged them to keep working hard if they want to excel in the sport.\"I congratulate the entire team and the support staff for a great victory. Beating Australia in Australia is marvellous. India have both the senior and junior World Cups in their pocket in such a short span, which is fantastic. This is a big achievement but this is my request that all of you keep working hard, don't lose focus and I am sure you will make the entire country and yourself proud,\" Jagdale said.The former selector from Central Zone said India's win against Pakistan had boosted the team's morale. \"It was evident that our win against Pakistan provided the much-needed self-belief that I feel must have helped the boys topple a team like Australia,\" he said.Thakur, on the other hand, said the players had made the transition from boys to men' and it was a convincing triumph. \"You have proved with your performance that you are not boys but men. All of you are talented and if you stay focussed some of you are sure to make the senior grade soon,\" Thakur said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "15917242", "title": "BJP team urges people to return to Bangalore", "text": "DIMAPUR: The BJP said people from the northeast have nothing to fear if they decide to return to Bangalore, as the party has already taken steps to prevent any kind of harassment to the NE people in the city. The leaders assured the people of Nagaland that they would be safe if they decided to return.The BJP, which formed goodwill teams after the recent exodus of NE people from Bangalore, Pune and other cities, visited Assam, Manipur and were here in Dimapur on Monday.A five-member goodwill team listened to NGOs and civil societies expressing concern about the recent exodus of NE people from different cities following rumoured threats issued to them. Talking to mediapersons, the BJP leaders said they have identified 500 families in Karnataka that would also act as 'guardians' to the NE people.The team said those people who have fled Bangalore need not worry and should now think of returning to the southern city. They added those who have left their jobs would be inducted again in the same post with the same salaries, while students would be able to appear for examinations in Bangalore as they have been postponed.BJP leader Harendir Pratap said their mission was to appeal to the people to return and added that the saffron party was ready to provide security and help to them. He said after the Kokrajhar incident in July, there was an organized campaign against NE people executed through Facebook, Twitter and text messages among others and that the Centre failed to handle the situation properly.Pratap said some foreign powers - especially Pakistan-based terrorist organizations - intended to cause mayhem. \"If people felt threatened in a particular state, they would try to leave it. It would create anti-national sentiments leading to civil unrest. That's what they wanted,\" he said.He said the BJP has asked Parliament to conduct a special debate on the problems of the northeast. He added that this was a battle between indigenous people and foreigners but some were calling it a communal clash. \"This is not a communal clash,\" he said.Pratap said in 2008 when Bangladeshi infiltrators were being deported from Arunachal Pradesh , these people settled in Dirang and adjoining areas of Assam because Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi had openly said they were not foreigners but Assamese people working in Arunachal Pradesh. Due to vote bank politics the issue has now become dangerous, forcing indigenous Bodos to take shelter in relief camps, he added.Highlighting the national growth rate according to 1991-2001 census, he said the growth of Muslims in the country was 1.3 per cent while in Assam it was more than eight per cent.Another veteran BJP leader, P B Acharya, said the present crisis has brought forth the dangers of infiltration in the NE states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15913229", "title": "European Union ready to extend grant for water projects by two more years", "text": "JAIPUR: The European Union is all set to extend the 80m euro (Rs 558 cr) support for Rajasthan's water sector projects by another two years. European Union ambassador to India Joao Cravinho was in Jaipur on Tuesday and his visit incidentally coincided with World Water Week (August 26 - 31).EU's projects in the state namely 'State Partnership Programme,' which focuses on state-wide water sector reform, improvement, enhanced water supply and groundwater recharge, is already in progress and the EU Ambassador to India has agreed to recommend its extension. The programme initially was for a period of six years from 2007-13.\"This is a big and ambitious project for the EU. Water is an important issue in Rajasthan and requires constant monitoring. The project covers 11 of the 33 districts in Rajasthan. The funding will directly go into the budget of the government,\" the Ambassador told TOI.The project works on a three-tier action plan. Beginning with the policy makers, institutional coordination (inter- and intra-sectoral) and devolution for integrated water resources management ( IWRM) the EU is also working with the grassroots, panchayati raj institutions.\"Over the years, there has been negative development in the water sector in Rajasthan. That brought about degradation both in quality and quantity. With the advent of technology, communities' management of water resources, the traditional mechanism, went redundant. Rather than keeping the ponds and 'baoris' alive it was easier to just turn the tap,\" said Cravinho. But now the problem has been identified and we are looking at ways to address it, he said.Lauding the progress of the project partnered with the Jal Bhagirathi Foundation, Jodhpur he said: \"I was impressed with the collective community management of water. Solutions from the grassroots are still crucial and relevant. Besides, the State Water Resources Planning Department (SWRPD) that was established to achieve an integrated and multi-sectoral approach to planning and use of the state's water resources, irrigation and sanitation were also integrated. As a result, a lot of children there have started going to school.\"So far, the progress of the EU partnership with the Rajasthan government was found satisfactory. Cravinho said: \"Initially, the project started slowly but the fundamentals were put in place. In the longer run, it is very important to have regulation in water and the Rajasthan water regulatory authority. The results have been good but it is possible to achieve more. So far, 24 m euros have been spent by the government and the CM Ashok Ghelot wanted us to extend the programne for two more years. I shall take the proposal to Brussels and recommend favorably.\"During the day-long visit, the ambassador also met chief minister Ashok Ghelot and governor Margaret Alva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15911772", "title": "Businessman\u2019s luxury car catches fire", "text": "MUMBAI: A Mercedes-Benz car parked outside the bungalow of a Virar-based businessman caught fire recently. The cause of the fire, however, was yet to be ascertained.Around 1 am on Sunday, the owner of the luxury car, William Tuscano, was woken up by the sound of an explosion, said Virar police. Tuscano rushed out of his bungalow, located at Ghosali, Nandakhan, Virar (W), to see his car burning.Fire brigade officials reached the spot and managed to douse the fire. The cause of the fire could not be ascertained, said the fire brigade officials. However, preliminary investigations revealed that the car's AC compressor is likely to have exploded.On Saturday night, Tuscano was celebrating his father's 75th birthday and to facilitate smooth movement of guests and other vehicles, he had parked the Mercedes-Benz C Class at a distance from his house. Tuscano owns two other vehicles and they were parked close to the charred car.According to fire brigade officials, if the three vehicles would have been parked together, the fire could have engulfed the other two vehicles and spread to the bungalow. Such was the impact of the explosion that locals came out to see what had happened. Several curious visitors flocked Tuscano's bungalow on Sunday to see the charred luxury car.The car company's officials arrived at the spot to check the vehicle, which was bought in 2009. The report is awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15916351", "title": "Govt returns 895.63 acre Noida land to irrigation department", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh cabinet on Tuesday decided to initiate disciplinary proceedings against two officials of the Noida Industrial Development Authority for transferring 895.63 acre of land that belonged to the state irrigation department in New Delhi to the Noida Authority.The officials are former chairman Mohinder Singh and executive engineer Prem Chand. While Prem Chand has been placed under suspension by the state government with immediate effect, the fate of IAS officer Mohinder Singh will be decided by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , who chaired the cabinet meeting. Following the discussions on Tuesday, the cabinet also ratified a decision to take the land back from the Noida Authority and return it to the irrigation department.The matter pertains to 895.63 acres of prime land owned by the irrigation department in Okhla Barrage, Sarita Vihar and pockets of land in Sector 15A Noida, which were transferred to the Noida Authority in an unauthorised manner following orders from senior officers in the Bahujan Samaj Party regime.Senior government officials from the irrigation department confirmed that the estimated cost of the disputed land is pegged at Rs 6,726 crore. However, it was transferred to Noida Authority with the agreement suggesting that land was worth a paltry Rs 412 crore. Also, an advance payment of only Rs 65 crore was made towards the transferred land, after executive engineer at Okhla Barrage, Prem Chand, transferred the land directly to chairman Mohinder Singh. In a subsequent inquiry report submitted by the CAG , this unauthorised transfer of land from the irrigation department to Noida Authority cost the exchequer a loss of Rs 2,600 crore.Speaking to TOI, principal secretary, department of irrigation, Deepak Singhal, said, \"This decision was taken following an initiative taken by irrigation minister Shivpal Yadav, who said that the land should be returned to the department, so that it may be put to alternate use. The formal transfer of the land will happen once the minutes of the cabinet meeting are prepared and a notification issued.\" Singhal also said that the department will decide what has to be done with the land - whether to sell it or lease it for use by the Delhi government - once the formal transfer takes place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15916268", "title": "Driver held, released in hit-and-run", "text": "PONDA: Ponda police arrested tipper truck driver Sagar Parulekar, 35, resident of Collem for knocking down pedestrian Sadanand Kerkar, 58, and killing him on Saturday.Parulekar had fled from the accident site.Kerkar was standing near Dharbandora panchayat office at Mollem-Sancorda-Usgao junction when he was hit by the speeding truck.Kerkar was severely injured and was admitted to Goa medical college and hospital (GMC) at Bambolim, where he succumbed to injuries on Monday night. He had severe head injuries, police said.Ponda police have registered a case under Sections 279 (rash and negligent driving), 304 - A (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) of Indian Penal Code (IPC) and Section 134 A &amp; B (fleeing without providing medical aid and informing the police) of Motor Vehicle Act.Soon after Kerkar's death, police picked up Parulekar from his home. He was later released on bail. Police have handed over body to Kerkar's family after an autopsy on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15911959", "title": "Female campaigners rule the roost on campus", "text": "CHANDIGARH: What makes the 2012 student elections at Panjab University campus different this year is the massive participation of female campaigners across all parties. For a change, girls are at the forefront, canvassing on the campus.In a bid to avoid any brawls, student bodies formed teams of female supporters to campaign for them. A peek into PU classrooms this election season reveals how scores of girls are fiercely campaigning for their favourite parties.\"Girls campaigning puts forward the non-violent face of the election campaign. When these girls are canvassing, students feel that the election is about everyone's participation and without fear they can come forward and vote in elections,\" says Sandeep Boora, a National Students Union of India (NSUI) leader.\"There are girls from almost all departments who are actively canvassing for polls this time. Be it campaigning in hostels or in classrooms, girls are participating in a more active way,\" says Sukhjit Singh, party incharge, Panjab University Students Union (PUSU).Though female contestants contest polls each year, however, on PU campus their participation is limited to no-so- important posts, either a vice-president or occasionally general secretary in the council. None of the female contestants have been a serious contender for the post of president of the student council in a long time.\"There have been several examples in other universities, including Delhi University , where girls contest for the highest posts and have won the polls. Here, girls have been actively campaigning, yet they have never won the top post,\" points out a student of University Institute of Legal Studies (UILS).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "15919220", "title": "Oil tanker blast: 2 succumb to burns", "text": "KANNUR: Two people, who suffered serious burn injuries in the gas tanker explosion at Chala near Kannur town, died here on Tuesday.Srilatha (48), a resident of Srinilayam, near Chala Bhagawathi temple, died at Koyili Hospital on Tuesday morning while Abdul Azeez (55), a resident of Chala, succumbed to injuries in the evening at Pariyaram Medical College Hospital.A tanker lorry of the Indian Oil Corporation (IOC), going from Mangalore to Chelari near Kozhikode, had hit the divider at Chala and exploded on Monday night around 11.30pm.Fourteen of the injured are still in a critical state, said hospital sources.Chief minister Oommen Chandy visited the accident spot and met the injured at various hospitals.The CM has announced a compensation of Rs 10 lakh each to the relatives of the deceased. Families of those who suffered injuries will be given an interim relief of Rs 10,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15918389", "title": "More visibility for minorities in Pakistan Parliament: Activist", "text": "PUNE: Minority communities like the Hindus and Christians in Pakistan are likely to get more representation in Parliament, said activist B M Kutty from Pakistan.\"This should be taken positively, as the country is moving away from leaders with a feudal mindset. The current government has charges of corruption, but it has also brought some positive changes,\" he said.He was delivering a lecture on 'The Status of Minorities in Pakistan' on Tuesday, organized by Pune chapter of Pakistan-India People's Forum For Peace and Democracy. Besides Kutty, senior journalist Jatin Desai, president of Pune chapter Varsha Gupte and founder president of Sarhad Sanjay Nahar were present.Kutty said, \"The growing demand for political representation in Pakistan's Parliament is also supported by a political party in that country. The party has included it in its manifesto also. There are frequent charges of corruption but the changes brought by the Muslim League and Pakistan People's Party are going to have a long lasting impact on the society in Pakistan. The previous governments were more feudal and against modern thinking.\"On the recent attacks of minorities in Pakistan, he said, \"The exodus to India should not be interpreted as if the entire community has been targeted. Today, various sects within the majority community are fighting against each other and it is violent. There are famous Hindu medical practitioners in cities like Karachi . A few incidents are not representative of the society.\"He said Pakistan's founder Muhammad Ali Jinnah had made a speech favouring democracy, but his successors had hidden it for decades. The documents were found after the formation of Bangladesh . A section of the society is now referring to Jinnah's speech and pressing for democratic processes in Pakistan, he said.Desai said, \"Sindh province has some 70 lakh Hindus, but the province is peaceful. People with radical mindset have returned to Pakistan after the US attacked Afghanistan . The nuisance is created by these people as they are radical, violent and aggressive.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15910326", "title": "Waste not, CBSE tells kids", "text": "The Central Board of Secondary Education is trying to make students aware of their social responsibility so they do not waste food when most children in the country are undernourished.The board hopes schools will be able to use findings from a government funded study on underweight and anemic children and starving people in the country to create awareness among students, who are mostly from middle class or affluent families, not to waste food. The drive is part of CBSE's mandatory life skills programme.The board's director of academics and training, Sadhana Parashar, has written to principals of CBSE schools asking them to make students understand that the food wasted at social gatherings can feed the hungry. \"The importance of food and the ill effects of wasting food should be made a part of the school curriculum so children appreciate the value of food at a young age and develop respect for food,\" the letter said.The board has juxtaposed findings of a study sponsored by the Union government's department of consumer affairs on the 'Assessment of Wastage of Food and Ostentatious Behaviour during Social Gatherings in Delhi' by the Indian Institute of Public Administration in December 2011, with data on poverty in India and its effects on health. The study notes that a large amount of food is wasted at social gatherings.The study found that 46% of children in the country below the age of three are underweight, 79% of children between six and 35 months old have anaemia, 23% have low birth weight and 68 of every 1,000 students die before they turn one. It has also calculated that 33% of women and 28% of men have a body mass index below normal because they do not have enough food to eat.\"Schools may stress on the prevention of wastage of food by counselling students to exercise restraint when ordering food,\" Parashar said. \"They should not feel ashamed to pack leftover food.\" The letter added that while environmental studies and science from Classes 3 to 10 focus on preventing food wastage, students may also be told that by minimising wastage, and achieving selfsufficiency in foodgrain production, may be good for environment because we will leave a smaller carbon footprint.Students tend to waste food , said Padmini Sriraman, principal of Hindu Senior Secondary School. \"I go on rounds during the lunch hour and give them a earful about how it is a sin to waste food when millions are hungry,\" she said. At Spartan CBSE School, teachers eat with the class to ensure that students finish their lunch, and to check on whether they are being served the right portions for their age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15913824", "title": "Panel set up for Pench buffer management", "text": "NAGPUR: In a bid to promote coexistence between wildlife and human activities with due recognition to livelihood and rights of local people, a six-member committee has been constituted to study forestry operations to be taken up in the buffer area of Pench Tiger Reserve (PTR).The committee was constituted by principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife) SWH Naqvi on August 23. It consists of additional PCCF (wildlife) A K Saxena as chairman and chief conservator of forests (CCF) and field director of Pench M S Reddy as member-secretary.The other members of the committee include CCF of Nagpur S H Patil, general manager of FDCM Jarnail Singh, manager of Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) Prafulla Bhamburkar and honorary wildlife warden Kundan Hate. The committee has been asked to submit its report within one month.The Pench buffer zone was notified on September 29, 2010. As per the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) guidelines, it is desirable to have a comprehensive action plan for undertaking forestry operation in buffer zone of tiger reserves.\"The committee has been set up to study forestry practices which can be taken up in buffer areas of Pench by the forest department and FDCM,\" Naqvi said.The objective is to ensure the integrity of critical tiger habitat (CTH) with adequate dispersal for tiger species and to promote the coexistence between wildlife and human activities with due recognition of the livelihood of locals. The committee may co-opt some officers and experts having experience in the field of wildlife management in state.The terms of reference (ToR) of the panel include studying present forestry practices as per the prescription of approved working plan and management plan being followed in the area falling in buffer zone of Pench and to recommend set of activities that are in consonance with NTCA guidelines.The panel will also suggest ideal administrative set up for achieving the objectives and other recommendations in the interest of overall management of buffer zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15909884", "title": "One dead as lorry hits bus", "text": "CHENNAI: One person was killed and four others were injured when a lorry ran into a parked bus of a private company in Kancheepuram on Tuesday morning.Murasoli, driver of the bus, had parked the vehicle after its tyre went flat. As the driver along with a few employees was attending to the puncture, a container lorry ploughed into the bus killing Murasoli. Two other employees sustained injuries.A car, which closely followed the lorry, rammed it injuring two occupants of the car. Murasoli's body has been moved to the Kancheepuram government hospital. The injured are undergoing treatment at the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "15912685", "title": "Cops ready list of known offenders", "text": "MODEL TOWN: The miscreants involved in criminal activities in past two years have come under the scanner of city police.Following this initiative, Model Town police have enlisted about 150 criminals who were booked for various offences over last five years.Ludhiana commissioner of police Ishwar Singh said they have asked police stations to prepare a list of criminals who have committed thefts and snatchings. The offenders are being classified under three categories \u2014A, B and C \u2014 according to the number of cases an offender is involved in. Those charged with over two cases fall under 'A', those involved in two cases fall under 'B' and one case lands a criminal in 'C' category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15911081", "title": "Street vendors in IT hub bear brunt of beautification drive for COP 11", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city's beautification drive for COP 11 has cost some of its poor denizens their livelihoods. As many as 100 vendors on the Madhapur and Hitex stretch have been asked to shut shop and move out of the area that is being spruced up to host international delegates in about a month's time. Among those beating a hasty retreat from the roads leading to the COP 11 venue are pushcart vendors, tea stall owners, fast food outlets and hawkers selling vegetables. While many have already left, others say they have no option but to follow suit.Officials at GHMC said that these vendors had been told to clear the area since they had illegally set up shop. \"We have been asking these street vendors for quite some time now to close down or move to a new location. We will soon start a drive to remove the remaining encroachments on the road,\" said a town planning official of GHMC.While the Madhapur area has been cleared of hawkers in general, there are 20 roadside vendors on the road leading to Hitex who have been asked to shut down. \"We cannot survive if we do not do business even for a few days,\" said C Arun who runs a tea stall right at the entrance of Hitex .\"Officials have been pressuring us to close down for a few days and open later. We requested them to allow us to operate till the time road-widening works are ongoing. We have taken loans and have to pay a daily interest on them. Now we do not know where to go and start business again,\" he said. Arun has been running his stall for about six years in the area.Another roadside vendor, Mahesh, said, \"Officials had told us that we cannot do business till October. This is a big loss to me as I stand to lose at least Rs 10,000 per month. They have also asked me to remove my kiosk as the road is being widened and look out for some alternate site. This sudden development makes me feel helpless as the future looks bleak now.\"Hoping to do brisk business, Mohd Arif had set up a fruit stall near Shilparamam a few months back, but is now busy wrapping it up. \"I have been warned by the officials to leave the place immediately or police would deal with me. It is disappointing as business was good. But I have decided to shift to Kukatpally. I will come back here after a few months,\" Arif said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15919132", "title": "Para teachers' strike begins in state", "text": "RANCHI: Almost 88,000 para teachers of the state went on an indefinite stir from Tuesday, disturbing the education system of the state.Over 80% of the teachers' posts in primary schools are occupied by para teachers and as a result of the strike classes in most of the primary schools were not held. The para teachers are adamant that they would not withdraw the strike until the Para Teachers' Service Conditions Bill is not implemented. Vinod Tiwari, a para teacher said, \"Our protest will take a bigger dimension if our demands are not fulfilled.\"HRD minister Baidyanath Ram, however, said it was totally unfair on the part of para teachers to go on strike. \"The bill has been made according to the decision of our discussions with the para teachers and it has been sent to the finance department. Now the rest is in the hands of the CM.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15914976", "title": "Scrap dealer duped of Rs14.62 lakh", "text": "NAGPUR: Ganeshpeth police are searching for a fraudster from Rajasthan who duped city's scrap dealer of Rs14.62 lakh. Vijay Kumar Dwivedi, a resident of Bhagalpur in Rajasthan, has been booked for cheating Ambazari resident Anurag Khemuka who owns a scrap sales and service shop on Ghat Road in Ganeshpeth.In his complaint, Khemuka said Dwivedi had come to his office on August 6 with a deal for selling scrap of Ordnance Factory. He had introduced himself as disposal officer of the Kolkata branch of Northern Shipping Steel Product Government Defence Company.Dwivedi said the Ordnance Factory had 200 tonnes of scrap and was looking for a dealer to sell it. He also showed documents with the signature of senior officer of the Ordnance Factory. Khemuka then signed a deal for 75 tonnes of scrap.Dwivedi said as per the rules of Defence Company, Khemuka will have to collect scrap from Raipur. But before that he will have to be ready with a demand draft which the company will encash after Khemuka received the scrap.On August 14, as told by Dwivedi, Khemuka made a demand draft of Rs14.62 lakh for the company. Before sealing it in the envelope, Dwivedi noted down the DD number and later asked Khemuka for the gum stick to seal it.While Khemuka turned around to search for the gum stick, Dwivedi replaced the DD with other documents and sealed the envelope. Khemuka suspected foul play when he did not receive any call from Dwivedi after a considerable time. He checked the envelope and found another document instead of the DD. He immediately informed Ganeshpeth police.Police found that the DD was encashed from a private bank at Kota in Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15918416", "title": "Re-examination for '08-09 B Ed students", "text": "INDORE: The department of higher education (DHE) is mulling to conduct examination for the B Ed students of session 2008 and 2009 whose admission process had come under dispute due to recognition status of colleges. Only those students, who were allotted counselling date and time, will be allowed to take the exam.The decision was made in a meeting of DHE officials with the registrars in the state capital on Tuesday. \"We had a meeting and we have decided to conduct examination for candidates who were called for counselling. Dates will be announced once we get a written consent from the government,\" R D Musalgaonkar, registrar, Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya, said.The admission process had run into dispute when DHE had stopped the process due to controversies related to recognition of B Ed colleges. Following the DHE action, the colleges had moved court for its opinion as they had started taking admission in colleges. The court had constituted a team to find out the status of counselling in colleges. The team had found that few colleges had started taking admission. The court had then directed to conduct re-examination of the aspirants and declare the results. Relating to it a meeting was held on Tuesday, which decided to conduct examination for those students who had been called for counselling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15914403", "title": "Won\u2019t topple Manmohan Singh government: Mamata Benerjee", "text": "KOLKATA: She may be opposed to the UPA government's reforms agenda, but Mamata Banerjee made it clear on Tuesday that she would not topple the Manmohan Singh government.\"We do not want the government to fall,\" Mamata said when asked if she wanted a mid-term poll like some among the Oppostion but added she was not afraid of facing a mid-term poll either.\"If there are elections tomorrow, we are ready. But I don't want the government to topple because of me. I don't want this government to fall within a year or two. It must last the full five-year term,\" she said.But if there is any big disaster or anything major happens, then all the political parties can discuss the matter. Without discussing the matter in the party forum, I can't give my opinion,\" Mamata said at Writers'.\"We feel that in a democracy any time is good and appropriate for polls. But the timing depends on the situation, political circumstances, democratic situation and whether the country can avail this opportunity. That's a big question and I can't comment on that right now,\" the Trinamool chief said.According to the Bengal CM, there has been a change in Bengal after 35 years and despite the paucity of funds, she was trying her best. Mamata listed the achievements of the government since her party held the reins \u2014 Darjeeling and Jangalmahal smiling, e-governance, e-tendering, increased revenue due to tax reforms, six lakh employment within a year, distributing 10 lakh kisan credit cards, 50 per cent reservation for women in panchayats, OBC reservation.As usual, Mamata targeted the CPM picking up the relevant portion from the Prime Minister's recent statement \"about the West Bengal government's insisting on coal blocks without tender\".Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in his recent statement has said that major coal and lignite bearing states like West Bengal, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Orissa and Rajasthan that were ruled by Opposition parties, were strongly opposed to a switch over to the process of competitive bidding as they felt that it would increase the cost of coal, adversely impact value addition and development of industries in their areas and would dilute their prerogative in the selection of lessees. He also added that the state governments of West Bengal and Orissa had written formally opposing a change to the system of competitive bidding.The CPM however, has asked the government to cancel all the coal blocks allocation found faulty by the official auditor and said they may be auctioned. CPM leader Sitaram Yechury refuted the PM's claim that states like West Bengal had wanted the coal blocks to be allotted and not auctioned. He said the Bengal government, which was ruled by the Left until last year, had never opposed auction of coal blocks but only insisted that the state's interests should not be bartered away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "15914996", "title": "Shivanand Sarswati refuses to break fast", "text": "DEHRADUN: Matrisadan Ashram's founder in Haridwar, Shivanand Sarswati (67), refused to break his fast-unto-death late on Monday as he seeks a fresh CBI probe into the death of 32-year-old Swami Nigamananda, who was campaigning against illegal quarrying around the Ganga river. The fasting saint also set a 15-day deadline for the fulfillment of his demands.The saint entered the 23rd day of his indefinite fast on Tuesday. Sarswati has also sought the constitution of a separate medical board to probe Nigamananda's death.Sarswati had alleged Nigamananda was poisoned to death in May this year at a Dehradun hospital at the behest of Haridwar's powerful stone-crusher lobby as he had opposed illegal quarrying in areas around river Ganga and other ecologically-sensitive areas under Haridwar's Kumbh area.The fasting saint, who has been only having lime water, agreed to eat honey for the next 15 days until his demands were met and threatened to give up on consumption of water if his demands were not honoured.He agreed to consume honey after a PAC contingent along with police officials entered the ashram on Monday night and threatened to forcefully air-lift him and force feed him.Ashram seers accused local authorities of threatening the seer. Sarswati accused the Uttarakhand government of using force to break his fast. \"I am determined to carry on my fast and will not be intimidated by the government,\" said Sarswati.Matrisadan Ashram's Dayanand Brahmachari said Sarswati went on a fast after the CBI ruled out poisoning as the cause of Nigamananda's death. Nigamananda was admitted at Haridwar's district hospital after his condition deteriorated while he was fasting since February 2011, to demand a blanket ban on illegally quarrying in the ecologically sensitive Haridwar Kumbh areas.The UPA government had ordered a CBI probe into his death in May last year. Sarswati had accused the CBI of fabricating its closure report with a motive to shield the perpetrators of Nigamananda's death. He said he had conclusive evidence to prove that Nigamananda was poisoned to death. A CBI official had dismissed the allegations saying the case was closed after a detailed visceral examination confirmed that he was not poisoned to death.\"A three-member team of Medical Officers are examining Sarswati regularly to monitor his condition\", said Matrisadan's spokesperson Dr Vijay. Doctors described Sarswati's condition as normal, adding that his current weight is 38 kg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15913379", "title": "Protest rally today to seek action against activist", "text": "MUMBAI: Few weeks after the management of Vibgyor High School in Goregaon filed an FIR against activist Avisha Kulkarni, parents of students have decided to hold a protest rally.The management claimed that Kulkarni incited a mob to ransack the school.\"Many parents told us that they were worried about their children's safety, especially after Kulkarni instigated a mob on August 7,\" said a school source.However, Kulkarni refutes the school's claim. \"Of the 2,000 parents, only 400are participating in the march. Aren't the parents of other children worried about their well-being?\" said Kulkarni\"Many parents claim the school has been forcing parents to join the rally that will take place on Wednesday afternoon,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15916255", "title": "Hindu Janajagruti Samiti-Goa to protest website ban", "text": "PANAJI: The Hindu Janajagruti Samiti (HJS) has threatened to stage protests all over the country, including across Goa, if the ban on the outfit's online sites is not lifted by the Centre.The HJS delegation in Goa claimed the organization's website and Facebook account were blocked by the Union department of telecommunication, without prior notice.\"Websites of groups such as Jamat-e-Islami Hind and Raza Academy which propagate terrorism are allowed to operate, while the HJS website has been banned,\" Shiv Sena member Sangam Borkar said in Panaji on Tuesday.Borkar, T Nagesh, Shivprasad Joshi and Ramesh Naik are part of HJS delegation headed by Manoj Solanki in Goa protesting the central government's act.The right-wing outfit has served the Centre a 10-day ultimatum to lift the ban following which they will take to the streets in protest, HJS members said.The group said they have also met MP Shripad Naik who has assured them he will write to the Centre on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15912305", "title": "Take call on \u2018disturbed area\u2019 tag: HC", "text": "Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday gave three weeks time to the Chandigarh administration to take a final decision and inform the court about doing away with the 'disturbed area' tag from Chandigarh. A division bench headed by acting Chief Justice Jasbir Singh orally observed, \"Tentatively the bench is of the opinion that Chandigarh is not a disturbed area.\"Chandigarh was declared a disturbed area through notifications of Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) issued on December 2, 1986 and December 5, 1991. The matter had reached before the high court through a public interest (PIL) filed by a Sector 7 resident Surinder Singh Bhardwaj seeking quashing of these notifications. The PIL submitted that the Chandigarh Disturbed Areas Act, 1983 was implemented in the city along with Punjab where Punjab Disturbed Areas Act, 1983 was implemented during the peak militancy in the state. However, Punjab removed the said Act in October 1997, but UT is yet to do the same despite the fact that peace has been restored in Punjab and Chandigarh. Apparently not happy over delay on the part of the administration in making serious efforts to remove the 'disturbed area' tag from Chandigarh, the bench orally asked the administration, \"What is the disturbance in Chandigarh now? Where are you finding danger in the city?\" The bench also went on to observe that there appears to be some \"vested interest\" in not removing the 'disturbed area' tag from the city. Thereafter, the bench gave three weeks time to the administration to inform the court about its decision on withdrawing the notifications in the regard. Now the case will come up for further hearing on September 17.According to the Union government counsel, Maharaj Kumar, the central government is yet to receive anything in writing from the Chandigarh administration regarding removing the 'disturbed area' label. \"The Union government would act only after receiving something from the Chandigarh administration and a final decision to withdraw the notifications would be taken after examining the reports of various intelligence agencies,\" the counsel informed.It was also submitted by the petitioner that due to the Act, extra forces have been posted at many places in the city. \"Such Act is also causing unnecessary monetary loss to public exchequer and giving unnecessary powers in the hands of government officers which are not consistent with the values of democratic set-up and norms and citizens must not be subjected to extra troubles,\" the petition added. He argued that even tourists from abroad are hesitant to visit the city because of the 'disturbed area' label.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15913825", "title": "Natarajan clears Gorewada rescue centre proposal", "text": "NAGPUR: Union minister for environment and forests Jayanthi Natarajan on Tuesday cleared the rescue centre proposal at Gorewada near Nagpur.The Rs12.75 crore proposal was awaiting MoEF's nod since July 5, when the technical committee of the Central Zoo Authority (CZA) consisting of a group of experts cleared it.On Tuesday, B K Gupta, evaluation and monitoring officer of CZA, called up Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) officials implementing the project to inform that the rescue centre proposal has been finally cleared.\"The two-year efforts of the forest department and FDCM have yielded results. Under FDCM managing director Prakash Thosre, the proposal was being pursued with CZA relentlessly,\" said R S Yadav, general manager for World Food Programme (WFP), FDCM.Divisional manager H M Meshram, who did a continuous follow-up with the CZA and Ashfaque Ahmed Consultancy Services Private Limited, Nagpur, to rework the plans, said now all the hurdles have been removed.He said that the state government will have to file an affidavit in the Supreme Court committing to provide trained staff for the rescue centre and budgetary provisions thereof.The rescue centre will come up in 23 hectare area but will also have scope for expansion in another 15 hectares. It will have 10 cages for tigers, 20 for panthers, 20 for herbivores, 10 for small mammals, 5 for sloth bears and others for reptiles. The centre will also have aviary to shelter around 300 birds.Now plans are afoot to lay the foundation stone of the centre at the hands of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan. Yadav said Rs4.62 crore has already been outlayed for the rescue centre. Now that the proposal has been cleared, the money is expected to be released soon.\"A rescue centre in Nagpur is the need of the hour, specially in the backdrop of man-animal conflict and spurt in number of wild animals being removed from the forests,\" said Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15909846", "title": "Opposed by key ministers, land acquisition bill sent to GoM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Intense resistance in the Cabinet saw the land acquisition bill being referred to a group of ministers after its provisions were dubbed as \"flawed\" and clauses relating to compensation criticized for being anti-growth.The latest twist in the bill's progress marks a setback for Congress's promise of a \"fair deal\" to farmers for land acquisition. The long-pending bill was seen as an inflection point in the party's outreach to rural and farm constituencies.The decision to refer the bill to a GoM came amid strong protests against key provisions at Tuesday's meeting of the Cabinet. Perhaps aware of discontent with the bill, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh at the very outset announced the proposed law will be vetted by a GoM.The very political bill came about after the government decided to amend the provisions of LA bill of 1894 when agitations against land acquisition, especially in tribal areas, rocked states in 2007. The idea was to dilute the absolute powers of state governments to acquire land by specifying in the bill the purpose for which it could be done.Higher compensation and restrictions on diversion of fertile land for industrial projects were incorporated as attempts to win over farmers. The Congress promise to give a better deal to farmers became a raging political issue when Rahul Gandhi made it his slogan during Bhatta-Parsaul unrest, although it lost some urgency after the party did poorly in UP.Despite Singh's early intervention at Tuesday's Cabinet meeting, ministers argued vehemently against its provisions with the strongest opposition coming from urban development minister Kamal Nath who said the bill would stall all activity, from metro rail to urbanization and industrialisation.Nath called the process outlined in the bill for acquisition and compensation as \"complicated\". He also said the role of states in acquisition was not specified although acquisition will hinge on states as land was their subject of legislation.The UD minister said the bill was neither good for landowners nor for those seeking acquisition. It is understood that finance minister P Chidambaram nodded to the arguments. There was no dearth of sceptics as highways minister C P Joshi said the bill would adversely affect the construction of highways.Coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal chipped in, saying the provision to revert the land to government if a project did not start in five years would deal a serious blow to coal mining. \"Coal mining takes even ten years to start,\" he reportedly said.Importantly, commerce and industries minister Anand Sharma, who was absent, wrote a letter to the PM demanding the bill be referred to a GoM. He spelt out his reservations to the bill \u2014 inclusion of SEZs under its ambit and high compensation for land.The reservations expressed indicated that the bill's critics were fairly well mobilized. Interestingly, while Congress ministers pounced on the bill allies kept quiet - agriculture minister Sharad Pawar did not speak and railway minister of Trinamool Congress Mukul Roy was not present. Civil aviation minister Ajit Singh said he was yet to read the bill.The all-out resistance, which included power minister Veerappa Moily, means the already contentious legislation may be difficult to legislate in coming months.The draft bill had promised higher compensation and restrictions on diversion of fertile land for industrial projects in an effort to win over farmers. Congress's high profile campaign in Uttar Pradesh had hoped to tap into farmer discontent over land acquisition. The Congress promise to give a better deal to farmers became a raging political issue when Rahul Gandhi made it his slogan during the Bhatta-Parsaul unrest.At the same time, Sonia Gandhi-chaired National Advisory Council too had backed the bill wholeheartedly.Sources said rural development minister Jairam Ramesh tried to defend the draft, arguing that the standing committee of Parliament had already vetted it. But the PM cut him short, saying it had been decided that the bill be sent to the GoM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15910954", "title": "Probe into Gali's visitors' list", "text": "HYDERABAD: The prisons department has initiated an internal inquiry on Karnataka mining baron Gali Janardhan Reddy's visitors during K Keshava Naidu's tenure as Chanchalguda jail superintendent.One of the most frequent visitors to Gali was Bellary rural MLA B Sreeramulu who spent considerable time with Gali during mualqat. That Sreeramulu wielded a lot of clout could be gauged from the fact that he never had to wait outside the jail for meeting Gali.All records pertaining to Sreeramulu's visits are now being examined. Gali's visitors also included Bellary MP J Shantha and Raichur MP Sanna Pakirappa Nayak. But apart from these, several supporters of Gali also used to come to the jail to meet him.The state government had transferred Keshava Naidu from the jail on Monday on 'administrative grounds', but the prisons department has started verifying details of the 'mulaqat' privileges that Gali was allowed to enjoy during his stay in Chanchalguda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15916936", "title": "High court of Bombay at Goa picks holes in CBI investigation", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa recently remarked that there is no \"appreciable investigation\" carried out by central bureau of investigation (CBI) in reference to some \"officers\" mentioned by CBI in the police-politician-drug mafia nexus case in a reply CBI filed before the sessions court.During the hearing of the bail application of PSI Sunil Gudlar, his counsel G Teles brought to the notice of the high court the reply filed by CBI before the session's judge. Teles pointed out to the contents of the reply which states, \"It is proved technically as well as by the eye witnesses that (SP Venu) Bansal visited Anjuna and briefed Gudlar before the arrest of Dudu. He again visited place of occurrence that day and without ensuring the recovery, seizure and panchanama formalities he directed the ANC team to get Dudu at the office of ANC Panaji...\" Bansal was then SP anti narcotics cell (ANC).\"Though reference has been made to some officers therein, I find no appreciable investigation carried out in that direction by the respondents,\" justice FM Reis remarked.While directing CBI to proceed with the investigations with more seriousness to ensure that the investigations are completed expeditiously, Reis observed, \"I am not at all impressed that the respondents are taking urgent steps to comply with the directions of the division bench of this court in the order dated 04.03.2011 passed in public interest litigation no. 2/2011.\"The PIL was filed by Sunil Khawthankar seeking a CBI investigation in the alleged drug mafia nexus case.Reis further observed, \"I find that investigations carried out by the respondents are proceeding at a very slow pace. This court whilst directing the investigations by the respondents had shown its anxiety to ensure that the matter is investigated thoroughly taking note of the seriousness of the allegations.Hence, it is expected of the CBI to show urgency and take immediate measures to ensure that the investigations proceed in the proper direction\". The court made the observation while dismissing the bail application filed by suspended ANC PSI Sunil Gudlar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15919328", "title": "We had the belief to win: Unmukt Chand", "text": "MUMBAI: Yet to play a game for India, Unmukt Chand is already a superstar.However, India's latest U-19 World Cup winning skipper Unmukt Chand has his head in the right place. His feet too are on the ground.\"Right now, I am not thinking whether I am good enough to play for India and whether I should be picked. I have been selected for India 'A', so the next target is to go to New Zealand and perform. I am just cherishing this moment and enjoying myself,\" Unmukt told a packed press conference here on Tuesday.Not surprisingly, the number of media persons were far greater than those that had assembled when the team had departed for the World Cup.\"Right now I want to take things one step at a time. At the moment I just want to perform at whatever level I am picked. I do want to play for India but that will happen in its own time,\" he replied.Talking of his hundred in the final against Australia on Sunday, Unmukt said, \"We are very happy to win the World Cup. Aug 26th is a big day for me. I think I was fortunate to score the hundred when my team needed me most. The final was an important match and I wanted to do well. Some days you click and some days you don't. I wanted to take India to 226 and I was successful and am really happy about it,\" he said.Reminiscing the journey to the trophy, Chand said, \"The best thing about the tournament is we faltered initially and then we got into the groove slightly later in the tournament. We stumbled a bit, but peaked at the right time. The best part was that we didn't know what was happening in India, and that really kept us on target. The belief was very strong among the guys and we always felt we will go and lift the trophy.\"His cool on-field demeanour right through the tournament prompted people to compare him with the original 'captain cool' - MS Dhoni. Unmukt's response was: \"You guys compare, we just play.\"Coach Bharat Arun, whom pacer Sandeep Sharma describes as the \"best coach in the world,\" deserves some credit too. Arun wasn't willing to buy the argument that performances at this Word Cup need not be taken too seriously.\"The U-19 level is a great platform. It is a showcase for talent, and very competitive. The fielding was good and some of the bowlers bowled at speeds of 140 to 150 kmph. Everybody contributed. It was all about handling pressure and they did that. The big difference between U-19 and the senior level is that those at the senior level are more mature,\" he stressed, before outlining the next objective: \"The bigger challenge will be to take the next step.\"Will anyone from here make it to the Indian team? Arun wasn't willing to take names, perhaps not wanting to make some boys feel left out. I am sure some of them will go on to play at the highest level soon. If you look at previous World Cups, only 20% make the cut. And only another 20% end up playing good first class cricket. So it is obviously difficult.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15918231", "title": "Indore activists for green Ganesh Chaturthi", "text": "INDORE: The environmental activists in the city have pulled up their socks to spread awareness about environment-friendly Ganesh Chaturthi.\"We are going to run our awareness campaign 'catch them young'. Our main objective behind the campaign is to make children aware about the environmental issues,\" said Narendra Surana an environmental activist associated with CEPRD (Centre for Environment Protection and Research). \"We have been writing to various schools around the city about the campaign. We go to schools and give lectures and presentation to inform the children about the measures that need to be taken during Ganesh festival to protect our environment.\"Ganesh idols made up of clay can be used at homes. Those idols can be immersed at home itself in a bucket or a tub. Surana and his group are giving more such tips to children. \"We also suggest people to go for idols that have been painted with eco-friendly colours (colours that are lead and arsenic-free). We use attractive posters and notices to convey our message. We also plan to give some suggestions to the civic body about the issue. The major concern will be the immersion of Ganesh idols, for which we are going to suggest that temporary tanks be constructed on the banks of two major rivers -- Saraswati and Khan -- in Indore. The idols can be immersed in these temporary tanks and later on they can be disposed of properly,\" said Surana.Anil Trivedi, another environmental activist from the city, has different concerns to share. The movement by Trivedi and group is called 'Kudarat Kaam Andolan'. \"Our motive this year will be to bring down the noise pollution. We have been contacting Ganesh mandals across the city and requesting them to check noise pollution,\" said Trivedi adding also the plastic bags that are used to carry the puja samagri should be avoided.Simple ways to make this festival green:Avoid (Plaster of Paris ) PoP idols.Small idols made of clay can be easily immersed.Use idols with eco-friendly paints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15913655", "title": "Press Council of India seeks to bring electronic, social media under its ambit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Print media watchdog the Press Council of India (PCI) wants to increase its powers to include electronic and social media. Claiming that self-regulation was an \"oxymoron\", the PCI said in a statement on Tuesday said that it had resolved to approach the government for amendments in the Press Council Act. However, at least three PCI members said that while the controversial issue was discussed no resolution had been passed. The PCI's move to curb social media comes days after government's aggressive drive to block twitter accounts and restrictions on the number of SMSes.The Council has argued that \"unregulated\" electronic media had played \"havoc\" with the lives of people referring to recent incidents where social networking sites were used to spread rumours that triggered exodus of people belonging to northeastern states. Justifying its demand PCI headed by former Supreme Court judge Markandey Katju said that there should not be \"any dilly-dallying in the matter by the government.Katju had written to I&B; minister Ambika Soni and PM Manmohan Singh to bring TV channels in the Council's ambit.PCI member Malayalam Monarama and The Week resident editor K S S Murthy expressed surprise at the announcement of a resolution. \"My recollection of the proceedings of the Press Council meeting yesterday is that we had discussed the issue of amendments to the Press Council Act. It was the general consensus that the question of amendments \u2014 including give more powers to the Council and bringing electronic and social media under the Media Council \u2014 would be discussed at the next meeting of the Press Council,\" he said.Another member TOI spoke to said that no resolution was passed though there was a discussion and there was general unanimity on the issue. Nineteen out of 27 members were present, including Congress minister Rajiv Shukla, BJP MP Harin Pathak, besides representatives from newspapers.PCI said that it had resolved that the government be asked to initiate suitable legislation to amend the Press Council Act to bring the electronic media (both broadcast and social media) within the purview of the Act and renaming it as the 'Media Council.'PCI said that experience had shown that \"the claim of the broadcast media for self-regulation is futile and meaningless, because self-regulation is an oxymoron. All social activity has to be regulated.\"The statement added that PCI was in favour of only regulation and not control, and that this regulation should be by an independent statutory authority like the Press Council of India and not the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15914926", "title": "BJD MPs demand Tytler's role be probed in Abhishek Verma case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Biju Janata Dal MPs have urged CBI director A P Singh to probe the role of Congress leader Jagdish Tytler in the case of arrested businessman Abhishek Verma linked to the Swiss arms firm Rheinmetall.The MPs have said Verma has claimed that he met Tytler regularly in connection with efforts to remove Rheinmetall from a black list of defence suppliers. Verma is facing a CBI probe after his estranged US-based partner C Edmonds Allen provided sensitive military documents allegedly leaked to Verma.\"It has come to light that photographs of Tytler and a Russian businessman are doing the rounds,\" the letter says, referring to an individual allegedly representing Russian military firms. \"Allen is now on record to say these meetings with Tytler were related to a fighter jet contract. Tytler has confirmed meeting the Russian,\" the letter says.The letter to the CBI director, signed by senior BJD MPs Arjun Charan Sethi and Bhartruhari Mahtab among others, says that it is necessary to probe the former minister to establish his involvement in Verma's affairs. \"As Abhishek Verma and wife have been booked by CBI, Tytler should also have been apprehended as their accomplice,\" he says.Asking CBI to conduct an impartial probe, the MPs have said the agency seems to have let off Tytler without subjecting him to a thorough probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15914779", "title": "Cops look away as welcome arches block Cotton Market square", "text": "NAGPUR: What happens when custodians of the law look the other way as someone flouts rules? It leads to chaos.On Tuesday morning, two traffic cops, including head constable Prabhakar Japulkar, posted at Cotton Market square did not object to some persons erecting welcome arches right in front of them in blatant violation of high court directives. The high court directives state that there should be no obstruction to smooth flow of traffic by way of welcome arches, hoardings, encroachments etc.Actually, the road is quite wide at the square and vehicles once used to move freely. The Nagpur Municipal Corporation's anti-encroachment office is also situated near the spot. But, like the traffic constables, officials of the squad too turn a blind eye.Cotton Market square and its vicinity have the dubious distinction of having the most chaotic traffic in the city. The situation worsened on Tuesday when work on at least four welcome arches started on Subhas Chandra Bose Marg, near the busy Cotton Market road. The workers erecting the arches refused to divulge if they had permission to erect them.Further enquiry with north zone traffic police revealed that they had not given any permission for such welcome arches. PSI Ramesh Dalal said he would ensure that the work is stopped. Similarly, no consent has been obtained from NMC's Dhantoli zone to erect the welcome arches.The presence of heavy vehicles and encroachments leaves traffic crawling at this junction. The shrinking road space is a matter of concern for motorists. At any given time, retail vegetable sellers and other street vendors can be spotted occupying not just the footpaths, but also a major portion of the road.These unauthorized vendors alone are not to blame for the congestion. Vehicles of customers, handcarts and shops on footpaths and apathetic attitude of traffic cops and NMC adds to motorists woes.In 2009, the high court had directed NMC as well as the city police to ensure there were no obstructions on city roads. But when this correspondent enquired with head constable Japulkar, he claimed that it was the duty of NMC to keep the roads clear of obstructions. \"We have nothing to do with it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15916020", "title": "Now, DMK trains guns on Centre over Lanka", "text": "CHENNAI: The Centre's training programme for Sri Lankan defence personnel has spiraled into a major controversy with political parties in Tamil Nadu, including UPA's key partner, the DMK, taking strong exception to the remarks of Union minister of state for defence M M Pallam Raju. The minister had said on Monday that Sri Lanka was a friendly nation and India would continue to train its military personnel.Taking exception to the statement, DMK chief M Karunanidhi accused the minister of hurting the sentiments of Tamils. In a press release, he demanded that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh intervene and reconsider the stand, and pack off the Sri Lankan defence personnel undergoing training in India. \"I urge the PM to ensure that no further training is imparted to them,\" Karunanidhi said. The DMK patriarch, who has faced criticism for his apparent silence during the final stages of the ethnic war in the island nation, has suddenly turned aggressive on the issue. This is the second statement from the party in the last two days taking on the Centre for its pro-Lankan government stand.Expressing concern over the growing influence of China in India's southern neighbour, the DMK leader pointed out to the Chinese support to Sri Lanka in setting up army, naval and air force bases in the northern Tamil provinces. \"The defence minister of China is scheduled to visit Sri Lanka on August 29, apart from a scheduled visit by a high-level Chinese delegation. On September 15, representatives of the China People's Congress will also visit the country,\" he said. \"When China is rendering six-fold help to Sri Lanka compared to India, how can we still call it a friendly foreign nation? It can only be called a one-sided, and not a cordial, friendship (between India and Sri Lanka),\" he said.Chief minister J Jayalalithaa also joined Karunanidhi in slamming the Centre for its 'condemnable attitude' and demanded it show more consideration and regard for the sentiments of the people of the state by sending the Lankan defence personnel back. The statements of the minister of state for defence, she said, betrayed \"total insensitivity on the part of the Centre towards the views of my government as well as the sentiments of the people of Tamil Nadu.\" MDMK chief Vaiko termed the minister's statement as \"atrocious and audacious.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15915345", "title": "All flights from new terminal by March", "text": "KOLKATA: Both the international and the domestic terminal that are currently in use at Kolkata airport will be shut once all flights operate from the new integrated terminal. While the international terminal will remain shut - except perhaps during Haj operations when special chartered flights take the faithful to Saudi Arabia - the domestic terminal will be reopened only if regional airlines decide to operate from Kolkata.\"All scheduled operators will use the new integrated terminal. The earlier proposal of continuing low-cost carrier (LCC) operations from the existing terminal has been shelved as the new terminal with an annual capacity of 20 million passengers needs to be utilized,\" said airport director B P Sharma.At present, Kolkata airport handles around 9 million passengers. Hence, once all airlines start operating from the new terminal, only around half the capacity will be utilized. In Delhi, full-service domestic carriers Air India and Jet Airways operate from the futuristic Terminal 3. LCCs IndiGo, SpiceJet and Go Airways operate flights from more modest Terminal 1D.While the integrated terminal is expected to be ceremonially opened in October or November, the transition involving shifting of airlines from existing terminal to the new one will take three to four months. Airlines expect migration to the new terminal to be completed only by March 2013. It is only then that the domestic and international terminals will be closed down.\"Carriers have already begun setting up their offices in the basement. Airline lounges on the level above departure will happen during the transition phase. For each airline, all operations have to be shifted from the existing terminal to the new one overnight. They will get four to five hours when there are no passenger movements to complete the migration,\" an airline official said.While all domestic airlines will migrate at night, for international airlines, the shift will happen according to the flight schedule. West Asian and South East Asian airlines that operate flights at night will have to do the migration during the day while Biman Bangladesh, GMG and Air India are likely to do it at night. It will, however, be a challenge for Emirates that operates 12 flights a week, including twice daily operations on five days.Once the operations shift completely, the old terminals will be shut. However, the international terminal may be reopened for Haj flights during the pilgrimage. Saudi Arabian Airlines operates chartered flights during the period, ferrying over 3,500 passengers to Mecca and Medina and back.\"The requirement of Haj pilgrims is different from regular passengers. Many arrive from faraway districts as well as other states in the region and stay in the terminal for long hours to catch the flight. Hence, it will make sense to operate the flights from that terminal,\" an airport official said.The domestic terminal will be reopened only if regional airlines start operating from the city to other parts of Bengal or neighbouring states. If that happens, the terminal will be refurbished. At present, there are regional carriers in north, south, west and the northeast, but none in the east. Sources said the civil aviation ministry is planning a policy to encourage regional airline operations with ATR, CRJ and Cessna aircraft with capacity of 15 to 70 passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15917687", "title": "No rift over PM's statement on coalgate: SAD", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal, chief of Shiromani Akali Dal - BJP's key coalition partner in Punjab - refused to concede on Tuesday that there were growing rifts between the two parties over the call for Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's resignation in the Parliament. On Monday, Bathinda MP Harsimrat Kaur Badal and Rajya Sabha MP Dhindsa had expressed their desire to listen to PM's statements on the coalgate issue. \"Central and state governments function differently. We haven't had any communication from the BJP. Whatever our MPs have said could have been their individual opinions,\" Sukhbir Badal told TOI.He, however, immediately rubbished the rift between SAD and its coalition partner BJP at either the state or the central level. \"There is no rift. Difference of individual opinions is not a rift,\" he said. Rajya Sabha MP Dhindsa reconfirmed to TOI that he wanted to listen to PM's speech and that he should be given the opportunity to \"come clean\".\"I don't think there's any fault in listening to his explanation. The Prime Minister may want to announce the cancellation of the coal allotment licences, and this would be a welcome step,\" Dhindsa said, speaking to TOI over phone from Delhi. Later, BJP minister Madan Mohan Mittal said that the state saffron party members would only stick to the central leadership in Delhi even its coalition partners chose to opine otherwise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15909714", "title": "State NOC a must for affiliation with Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University", "text": "NEW DELHI: Colleges seeking affiliation from capital's Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University (GGSIPU) will have to furnish a no objection certificate (NOC) from the state government where they are located, the Delhi high court ruled on Monday.The high court made the requirement of NOC absolute on Monday when it dismissed a plea challenging the validity of GGSIPU's mandatory requirement for NOC.A bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw dismissed the plea of a group of private colleges, which set up their campus in Haryana and Uttar Pradesh, seeking direction to GGSIPU for grant of affiliation without NOC to run MBA courses.The bench also upheld the decision Haryana and UP governments to refuse them the NOC. \"We are also of the view that the refusal of the governments of the states of Haryana and Uttar Pradesh to issue NOC cannot be said to be arbitrary. The local laws of the respective states do not permit colleges/institutions located therein to be affiliated to any university other than the respective state universities. The refusal is thus in consonance with local laws to which there is no challenge,\" the bench said and set aside a single judge's order directing the states to issue NOC to the colleges.The GGSIPU statute mandates NOC from the concerned state government to grant affiliation to the educational institutions. HC rejected the arguments put forth by the educational institution that they have spent huge amount of money on the colleges after obtaining the approval from the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) and the NOC of the state government was not required for affiliation from a university located outside the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "hyderabd", "code": "15912065", "title": "Woman dies in suicide pact", "text": "HYDERABD: A couple consumed poison due to marital problems at their house in Kandukur on Tuesday. Late in the night, the woman died while undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Kothapet. The deceased was Shilpa Reddy, 25, of Kandukur. In February 2012, Shilpa was married to Venkat Reddy, a lecturer at CVR Engineering College at Ibrahimpatnam. On Tuesday, family members of Venkat found the couple lying unconscious. They were quickly rushed to a private hospital in Kothapet, where Shilpa died while undergoing treatment. Venkat's condition is said to be critical. \"We suspect that dowry related issues could be the reason behind the suicide,\" Kandukur SI S Sunil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15914982", "title": "Stray cattle hound Chandrapur motorists", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The stray cattle menace on city roads is at its peak. There is hardly any road in the city free of stray cattle moving around or simply resting, making driving difficult. Chandrapur Municipal Corporation (CMC) thanks to shortage of staff has bitterly failed to control the menace.The problem of stray cattle is grave on main roads as well as congested localities. Cattle can be seen sitting on busy Pathanpura Road, Sarafa Lane, Tukum, Ganjward Market, Vijay Talkies road, Anchleshwar Road etc.The roads in the town are already in a bad condition due to digging taken up for underground sewage scheme. The stray cattle menace has added to the woes of the road users. \"Motorists already have problems on roads full of potholes. The stray cattle add to their agony. There have been several instances where motorists caught unawares by cattle and have met with accidents,\" said district president of Prahar organization, Pradeep Deshmukh.He alleged that CMC had never discussed the problem of stray cattle in the House. There is total lack of coordination between road safety committee of traffic department and CMC over the issue. The shelters for impounded animals are in tatters and the CMC, due to lack of staff, has not pounded a single cattle in the last many months, he alleged. Deshmukh threatened to take up an agitation if CMC fails to resolve the problem.Municipal commissioner Prakash Bokad assured that CMC has taken up repair of damaged cattle pound and are soon going to take up drive to impound the stray cattle. \"In fact, we have plans to outsource the cattle impounding task to a private agency. A tender will soon be floated for the work,\" he said. In-charge of sanitary department, Banehar Joshep, claimed that directives have been issued to zone in-charges for capturing of stray cattle. \"We have two pounds in Binba and Tukum localities. However, the task is difficult due to lack of force. Hence, CMC is soon going to outsource the work to private agency,\" he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15911225", "title": "'Landmark' project unlikely to hit new high", "text": "HYDERABAD: Six years and several rounds of restructuring later, the much-hyped ICICI Venture-led 'Landmark Project' in the plush Jubilee Hills area, is now ready to take off. Only, instead of a towering residential-cum-commercial complex, touted to be the tallest and most expensive property in Hyderabad once complete, this 5.7 acre plot will now house just a two-storied apartment complex. At least, that's the plan submitted to the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) by the developers.The layout of the project, according to municipal officials, has provision for a cellar, ground floor and two upper floors (G+2 model). There is no indication of any commercial outlets in the blueprints, they said. \"We received the plan a few weeks back and are in the process of scrutinizing it. We will take a final call on whether to sanction it or not only after we have studied it in detail,\" said GV Raghu, chief city planner, GHMC.He confirmed that the consortium, comprising Maytas, Nagarajuna Constructions and ICICI, had originally approached the municipal body for permission to build a commercial venture but later revised its plans to settle for just a residential complex. The group had bought the prime land for a whopping Rs 335 crore from the state government way back in 2006. And, in 2011, it roped in Bangalore-based Mantri Developers Pvt Ltd to develop the property.Industry analysts in the know of things, however, dismissed the current plan as being unviable. \"The G+2 model is unlikely to fetch the promoters any money. For the project to register profits it must have multiple cellars and at least nine floors. The permission sought now might be a provisional one,\" said an industry watcher. Further, sources claimed that Mantri had already paid the consortium a deposit of Rs 160 crore.\"It wouldn't have coughed up such a huge amount if it wasn't a mega project,\" a source added.Meanwhile, speculation continues over the pricing of the venture with some realtors pegging the likely square feet cost in the upwards of Rs 10,000. A few even hinted at the possibility of high-end duplex homes coming up on the plot. \"Although the middle-class market is slow right now, there are a lot of takers for premium properties. If the promoters can market the venture well without it running in to any more roadblocks, they can make good money,\" said a realtor familiar with the area.When contacted, Mantri officials maintained that they had not submitted any plans to GHMC, adding that it was too premature to discuss the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15919485", "title": "Temporary workers to keep Kochi clean", "text": "KOCHI: To ensure smooth disposal of waste from the city during Onam holidays, the Kochi Corporation will deploy temporary workers in place of Kudumbasree workers who will be on leave till next Monday.\"We have already issued circulars to all our zonal offices asking officials to ensure that there is adequate number of drivers for trucks transporting waste,\" said T K Ashraf, chairman, corporation health standing committee.\"The civic body will not have any difficulty in dumping waste at the solid waste treatment plant at Brahmapuram. The plant will not function on Onam day. We will resume work the next day,\" said Sulfi P Z, manager, Green Environ, the firm which operates the plant.However, despite the assurance from authorities, residents in the city are not very optimistic. \"The women who collect waste said they would be coming back only on Monday. Onam is a special occasion and everybody would like to go home and spend time with their families. So the very thought of waste getting piled up till Monday is horrifying,\" said Ciba, a city resident.Kochi Corporation collects around 170 tonnes of waste from various parts of the city every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15910883", "title": "Police arrest three arms dealers", "text": "PATNA: The Patna police, acting on a tip-off, arrested three arms dealers on Tuesday from Patna and Nalanda. They allegedly used to sell arms to CPI(Maoists). One AK-56, one foreign-made pistol and two .30 bore pistols along with some cartridges were recovered from their possession.Patna SSP Amrit Raj said, \"Mantu Sharma alias Sanjay Singh alias Gendu Sharma, 36, was arrested from his rented accommodation at New Bypass Road near Indira Nagar. On the basis of information provided by Sharma, police arrested two other arms dealers, Rakesh Singh, 27, and Bablu Kumar, 21, from the same area.\"According to police records, Sharma and Rakesh Singh have several pending cases against them lodged with the Gandhi Maidan police station. Bablu Kumar was accused in a murder case in Nalanda district and was released on bail from a Nalanda court.Patna SSP said, \"The case is under investigation and soon police will trace the origin of the arms.\"Meanwhile in another incident, two people received bullet injury under Jakkanpur police station on Tuesday. One person was later arrested in the case.City SP Jayant Kant said, \"Two persons - Munna Rai and Anil Rai - had a property dispute. Some issues took place on Tuesday morning and Anil Rai asked his group members to open fire.\" The local people immediately informed the police and one Jitendra Rai was arrested. Two injured - Satyajit and Lal Mohan - were rushed to PMCH for treatment, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15918414", "title": "Proctorial board at Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya", "text": "INDORE: Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) set up its proctorial board on Tuesday. Professor Ashok Sharma of chemistry department has been appointed as the proctor. Other members appointed on the board are professor Rajendra Singh, Akhilesh Singh, Ashish Tiwari, Sudhir Chandel, Shradha Masih and Suresh Patidar. Rajeev Dixit has been appointed as board secretary. Professor Suresh Chand has been appointed as head of department of life sciences for the next two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15917429", "title": "Kokrajhar conspiracy bared", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI's preliminary investigation into the Lower Assam violence has pointed to a bigger conspiracy behind the ethnic clashes. More arrests are expected soon as the agency is learnt to have zeroed in on certain people who might have been involved in the July 20 incident that sparked off the communal conflagration.The agency, probing seven of the total 1,442 cases registered, has found enough evidence which shows that the first incident that occurred on July 6 when the Kamtapuri Liberation Organization (KLO) militants killed two Muslims had nothing to do with what happened later on July 19 onwards. Two persons, Mahibul Haque Ratul and Mohammed Abu Siddique, were injured in an incident of indiscriminate firing by motorcycle-borne attackers in the same area in Kokrajhar on July 19. Both the incidents were more due to personal animosity and were unconnected. Details of both these incidents and statement of one arrested KLO militant were shared with local Muslim residents.Still, four Bodo youth were attacked and killed at Jaipur under Kokrajhar police station by some unidentified Muslims with sharp weapons on July 20. That incident acted as a trigger that turned out to be a full-fledged communal violence, killing 88 people over the next one month.Sources in the investigating agency said that the interrogation of all those arrested in connection with subsequent incidents showed that the killing of four Bodo youth on July 20 was a planned act. The CBI has some corroborative evidence.Despite being shared details of previous incidents, a group within the minority community simply chose to ignore the police/administration version. They planned to retaliate amid opposition from other Muslims from the area, said an official.All these matters and progress of probe came up for review during a meeting, chaired by Union home secretary R K Singh, here on Monday. Assam police chief J N Chaudhary shared details of cases registered in the state. Chaudhary told Singh that total 170 people have been arrested in connection with the communal violence. Since conspiracy angle is being probed, more cases including ones relating to the arrested Assam MLA Pradeep Brahma will be handed over to the CBI soon, said an official, adding the state government would conduct a judicial inquiry into the incident. Brahma, MLA of the Bodoland Peoples Front (BPF), which is an ally of the ruling Congress in Assam, has been named in seven cases. The BPF is the ruling party in Bodoland Territorial Autonomous District (BTAD).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15918089", "title": "Forum to discuss water issues", "text": "PUNE: Safe drinking water at an affordable price, rainwater harvesting and water and resource management are some of the subjects that will be discussed at an awareness forum 'Water is future,' on September 2.Organised by the Rotary Club Pune, Shaniwarwada, the theme of the forum is, 'Think it, save it and ensure it'.Rajendra Singh, Magsaysay award winner will address the forum and receive the 'Rotary Peace through Service Award'.'Jaladoot' a project that undertakes purification of water and provides water at one's doorstep, will also be launched at the forum by the Shyamsidda Trust.Addressing a news conference on Tuesday, Vilas Jagtap, former governor of the club, said there would be a demonstration of Jaladoot at the meeting.Other experts slated to speak at the programme include Subhas Devi who will speak on membrane technology in filtration, Chandu Chavan on social initiatives and Shashikant Dalvi on rainwater harvesting.\"Apart from the awareness forum, we will be distributing water filters to 100 schools in rural areas. So far, we have identified 50 schools in remote areas that will get the water filters,\" Jagtap said.The forum will be held at 9.30 am in Tilak Smarak Mandir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15909751", "title": "With PM Manmohan Singh away, Antony's No.2 position confirmed", "text": "NEW DELHI: The matter of the number 2 slot in the Cabinet, settled conclusively in favour of defence minister A K Antony, will be implemented in Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's absence if the Cabinet needs to meet to consider any urgent business.No formal number 2 has been designated since UPA came to power in 2004, but the position is delineated in terms of seniority as the standing instructions are that any emergent situation in Singh's absence will be considered by the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs.CCPA is headed by the PM and in his absence will be chaired by the senior-most minister, according to the Cabinet secretariat. Earlier, this meant Pranab Mukherjee and after the former finance minister's elevation to Rashtapati Bhavan, the mantle has fallen on Antony.The hierarchy set out in reconstituted Cabinet committees where Antony figures with agriculture minister Sharad Pawar makes it clear that the defence minister is the senior of the two. For a brief while, Pawar's apparent unhappiness over being asked to vacate the seat previously occupied by Mukherjee had sparked a tussle of sorts.It was argued that Pawar had often sat on the chair to the right of the PM in Mukherjee's absence and he should be seen as the senior-most in the Cabinet after the PM. Congress was unwilling to offer any hint of legitimacy to this claim, even if it meant the Cabinet list vanished from PMO and Cabinet secretariat web sites.The distribution of groups of ministers previously headed by Mukherjee has enhanced the importance of finance minister P Chidambaram who in any case headed the most GoMs after the former finance minister. In terms of setting policy and being the face of the government, Chidambaram plays a much more active role. He also heads the GoM on media that has become fairly important in framing the government's defence at a time when it has been under siege for corruption scams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15912641", "title": "26/11 Mumbai terror attacks: Supreme Court upholds death sentence for Ajmal Kasab", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday rejected the plea of Mohammad Ajmal Amir Kasab in the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks case and upheld the death penalty for the killer.The Bombay high court had upheld the trial court's verdict to award death sentence to Kasab, the lone surviving gunman who was part of the 10-member fidayeen team that attacked Mumbai on November 26, 2008.A bench of justices Aftab Alam and C K Prasad dismissed the plea of 25-year-old Kasab challenging his conviction and death sentence confirmed by the Bombay high court.The bench rejected his contention that he was not given a free and fair trial in the case. The bench also observed that the failure of government to provide him an advocate at the pre-trial stage did not vitiate trial court proceedings against him.It also held that the confessional statement given by Kasab, which he retracted during trial, was very much voluntary except a very small portion.Kasab was convicted of criminal conspiracy, waging war against the nation, Section 302 of IPC (murder) and terror related provisions of Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act. The HC had agreed with the trial court that the case against Kasab fell in the rarest of rare category and upheld the decision to award death penalty to the Pakistani terrorist.After receiving his petition from the high-security Arthur Road prison challenging the HC judgment, the Supreme Court in July last year had called for trial court records and appointed senior advocate Raju Ramachandran and advocate Gaurav Agrawal as amicus curiae to assist in preparing Kasab's defence in compliance with requirements of fair trial.The state had engaged senior advocate Gopal Subramaniam and senior prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam to see that no stone was left unturned in getting the capital sentence kept intact by the apex court.The trial court had also found Kasab guilty on 19 counts under IPC, Arms Act, Explosives Act, Explosive Substances Act, Foreigners Act, Passport Act and Railway Act.Kasab and his nine fellow jihadis had attacked CST railway station, Cama Hospital, Vinoli Chaupati junction, Oberoi Hotel, Taj Hotel, Nariman House and Leopold Cafe, resulting in killing of 166 people and injuring 238 others.While Kasab was captured alive, the other terrorists in his group were killed by security forces during the counter-terror operations.The apex court also upheld the acquittal of two Indians, who were alleged to be co-conspirators in the Mumbai terror attack case.The trial court and Bombay high court had also given a clean chit to Faheem Ansari and Sabauddin Ahmed in the case.The bench held that evidence showed that the conspiracy and planning of the 26/11 carnage was hatched in Pakistan.Reacting to the verdict, senior advocate Raju Ramachandran, who was appointed by the apex court as amicus curiae to defend Kasab, said, \"I bow down to the apex court verdict.\"The bench had reserved its verdict on April 25 after a marathon hearing, spanning over two-and-a-half months of arguments by the prosecution and defence counsel in the case.Kasab, during arguments in the apex court, had contended that he was not given a free and fair trial and that he was not part of any larger conspiracy for waging war against India.He had told the bench that his right against self-incrimination as well as his right to get himself adequately represented by a counsel to defend himself in the case had been violated during the trial.The apex court had stayed Kasab's death sentence on October 10, last year.In the special leave petition (SLP) against the Bombay High Court judgement, which confirmed his death sentence, Kasab had claimed he was brainwashed like a \"robot\" into committing the crime in the name of \"God\" and pleaded that he did not deserve the death penalty keeping in view his young age.Kasab, who is lodged in Arthur Road Prison in Mumbai, had filed the SLP through the jail authorities.He was sentenced to death by a special anti-terror court on May 6, 2010.The Bombay high court had upheld on February 21 last year the trial court's order of death sentence to the Pakistani terrorist for the \"brutal and diabolical\" attacks aimed at \"destabilizing\" the government here.(Inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15918590", "title": "Indian students in limbo over UK varsity status", "text": "LONDON: Thousands of Indian and other non-EU students are facing an uncertain situation due to the possibility of a major university here losing its licence to admit overseas students as part of a crackdown on student visa abuse.The London Metropolitan University, which has offices in New Delhi and Chennai , is one of the major destinations for Indian students coming to the UK. The university's licence to admit non-EU was suspended in July by the UK Border Agency , and a final decision is expected this week. A university spokesperson on Tuesday said that it was \"understandable that Indian students were in a limbo\" , but final decision on withdrawing the university's 'highly trusted sponsor status' had not been taken yet.A UK Border Agency spokesman said: \"We have not made a decision yet. Any education provider has to meet strict standards and take their immigration responsibilities seriously. We will not tolerate any abuse of the immigration system.\"The university has now set up a hotline offering help and support to thousands of international students. The university is unable to accept fees of Indian and other international students already on courses and from those expected to arrive next month for the new academic year. If the UK Border Agency decides this week to withdraw the university's status to admit Indian and other international students, it will also affect those students who are already on courses at the university. They may lose the right to remain in UK and return without completing their courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15935403", "title": "Why sex is best on Thursdays", "text": "There is a best day for everything and Thursday is best for having sex, a new study has found.Consumer magazine found that Monday is best for buying a camera, while Tuesday is the cheapest day to fly, with trips from Gatwick to Alicante in Spain being an average of 35 per cent cheaper than on a Friday.Tuesday is also best for eating out as most restaurants do not get deliveries over the weekend, and having a barbecue, the Sun reported.Wednesday is best for asking for a pay rise and going shopping as it is the least crowded day of the week in supermarkets.According to researchers at the London School Of Economics , Thursday morning is best for having sex as natural cortisol levels, which stimulate sex hormones, are at their highest on this day.Friday is for selling homes and getting married - traditionally weddings fall on a Saturday, but having your do one day earlier can knock down the price of the reception and ceremony by half.Lastly Sunday is best for ending an eBay auction as online sellers generally have the best results when their deadline falls on the traditional day of rest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15913131", "title": "Under-construction Projects Force Alterations In Metro Path", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Ludhiana Metro Rail Project will have to incorporate certain changes in terms of design and location of the depots keeping in view the under construction projects in the city. A detailed report of the project would be prepared at Delhi in consultation with the officials of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC).Additional municipal commissioner-technical H S Khosa, who is the nodal officer for city's metro project, said the surveying DMRC official recommended a change in location of the depots on two metro corridors in the city.The depot on the first corridor, which was earlier planned near Ayali Chowk, will now be constructed at Jhande Village, while the depot on the second corridor, that was earlier planned at Gill village, will now be constructed near Gill Bypass on Ludhiana-Malerkotla Road, said Khosa. The other changes that will have to be incorporated in the design of the metro project in wake of other ongoing projects, like construction of Southern Bypass, are raising the height of the elevated metro path near Gill Bridge on Sidhwan Canal.There would be several other changes in the design of the metro path near Gill Road, in order to decrease the trouble for residents. These would include reducing the size of parking lots at stations along Gill Road and design changes near Gill Flyover.The other major bottlenecks in the existing metro design are at Samrala Chowk and Bast Jodhewal Chowk, which will be reworked to ease commuters' troubles on these routes. The ongoing National Highway project on Samrala Chowk would demand the planning of metro project in its accordance. At Basti Jodhewal Chowk, the authorities are looking for an alternative path, as a gurdwara falls on the current metro path and could hinder the project in future. The two corridors of the Ludhiana Metro Rail Project covering 28.833kms through 27 stations were surveyed by joint general manager of DMRC R G Sharma on Monday and Tuesday.\"He would prepare a final report in consultation with other DMRC and Rites officials and send a copy to us,\" said Ludhiana MC commissioner and project chairman R K Verma. Most of the projects forcing alterations in design now were not on ground when the DPR for Ludhiana metro was first prepared in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15909726", "title": "Caution new weapon in Virender Sehwag's lethal armoury", "text": "NEW DELHI: His mantra in life is still 'see ball, hit ball' but an older, wiser Virender Sehwag has admitted mellowing down just a little bit when he goes out to bat.The explosive opener says he is now willing to tone down his approach in the initial overs so he can give himself time to gauge the conditions before launching into opposition bowlers.\"I'm a little more careful (now) about how the wicket is behaving, whether the ball is swinging or not and how the bowling attack is,\" Sehwag said in an interview to the BCCI's website.\"I give myself a little more time to understand conditions and situations and then plan my innings. If a bowler is bowling in good areas, I have to give respect to the new ball rather than the bowler. If I do that and play 10-12 overs with caution, the ball gets old and the bowlers start to get a bit tired. Then, I can take them on.\"Sehwag's new determination to eliminate soft dismissals and play himself in is welcome news for millions of fans who have cried themselves hoarse after every impetuous shot in recent times. Also delighted will be cricket pundits like Sunil Gavaskar and Ian Chappell, who have for some time now been urging the batsman to plan his innings better rather than look to smash everything out of sight from the word go.However, that doesn't mean the Najafgarh dasher will eschew his basic instincts altogether. \"Having said that, if somebody bowls a half-volley on a green top, I'll still go after it and I'll still play my square cuts if the ball is pitched short outside the off-stump,\" Sehwag said. \"If I see the ball, I'll try to hit it.\"Although his style can be both sublime and brutal, Sehwag has never played by the textbook. His philosophies, then, whether it comes to life or the batting crease, make for interesting reading. For one, he says his parents taught him that the most interesting thing is to be \"happy\".Sehwag says, \"One should always be happy, irrespective of what you achieve in a match or in life. That's how I live my life. It doesn't matter if you have one billion rupees in your bank account or one rupee. This is one life you get and you'd rather spend it enjoying whatever you have, rather than thinking, 'Oh, I should have scored seven more runs or I should get more money'.\"Like most other batsmen, he is still nervous every time he goes out to bat but the twice triple centurion says he has never been \"in the zone\", a term batsmen often use while describing their best innings.A candid Sehwag instead said: \"I've never been in that zone. I have asked Tendulkar, Dravid and Laxman about it, and they told me when they're in the zone, they know they can score big runs. I could never relate to it. I probably would have been in that space during my big knocks - the two triple hundreds and the 293 - unknowingly. But I never felt anything different.\"Sehwag says his biggest asset is \"mental strength\", the belief that he can dominate any bowler, every stage with bat in hand: \"If you're strong in your mind and can control it, you can perform against anybody. That's my biggest strength.\"His advice to young batsmen is to score runs just by being themselves \"rather than copying someone else\". When he is nervous, he says he never shows it \"because if the bowler senses it, he'll come hard at me\".Incidentally, Sehwag doesn't like fancy shots like the reverse sweep: he prefers stepping out and hitting the bowler over his head or sticking to his upper cuts. He also says opening with Sachin Tendulkar was easier than batting with Gautam Gambhir, since bowlers would target Tendulkar and forget about him!So are there harder hitters of the cricket ball than him? Sehwag comes up with a lot of names - \"Suresh Raina, Virat Kohli, Rohit Sharma, MS Dhoni, Yuvraj Singh, David Warner, Shane Watson, Kevin Pietersen\".Yet asked which bowler makes him nervous, he sidesteps the issue carefully. \"When the runs aren't coming, every bowler becomes difficult.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15918829", "title": "Woman held for faking burglary attempt", "text": "COIMBATORE: A middle-aged housewife in the city was arrested for stealing about 21 sovereigns of gold ornaments from her neighbhour's residence in Housing Unit (Phase 1) near Kurichi in an attempt to bail her family out of financial crisis on Tuesday. Supputhai (46) even tried to initially conceal her involvement in the crime and portrayed herself as a victim after concocting a tale about two armed robbers breaking into her home also and decamping with 60 sovereigns of gold ornaments on August 16.Police, which was earlier probing into two separate cases in which more than 80 sovereign of gold ornaments were stolen, realised only 21 sovereigns of gold from Supputhai' neighbhour's home were stolen in reality and it was Supputhai herself who reportedly committed the crime.Supputhai initially claimed she was gagged and tied up as the 'robbers' went around her house searching for valuables. However, during the process of investigation, she started giving contradictory statements and finally police decided to focus the probe on her. She was arrested after she confessed about her crime.\"Initially a separate 21 sovereign gold ornament burglary case was registered based on the initial statements at her neighbour's residence. We also registered a robbery case in connection with the 60 sovereigns which she initially claimed was missing from her residence. But it turned out in the end that there was just one burglary and it was Supputhai who took the 21 sovereigns of gold ornaments. The rest was just an attempt to mislead the police,\" said T Senthilkumar, deputy commissioner of police (crime), Coimbatore city.Supputhai was residing in Housing Unit along with her husband Navaneetha Krishnan, a retired mill worker and their daughter studying at a private engineering college in the city. She initially claimed that the 'robbers' sprayed a sedative on her face but later told the police that they gagged her with a handkerchief soaked in choloroform. She claimed she was asked to sit on a chair and was tied up by the robbers.\"She changed her statements least five to six times and started contradicting her initial claims,' SenthilKumar added.Police probed further into the complaint and it was revealed that most of the 60 sovereign gold ornaments which Supputhai claimed was stolen from her residence was actually pledged with private banks in Aruppukottai. Later she confessed to the police that she knew where her neighbour used to keep the house key, near the window. According to police Supputhai entered her neighbhour Ramakrishnan's house on August 16 when he and his family had gone out and stole 21 sovereigns of gold.\"The recovered ornaments were hidden inside her house itself and were kept stashed between some old clothes,\" an investigating official said.The incident had created a huge furore in the locality after news about the twin burglary incidents broke out. Police also added that rest of the family members had no inkling about Supputhai's intentions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15920229", "title": "Panel fines official for sitting on RTI pleas", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha State Information Commission has imposed fines on a public information officer (PIO) for delay in supplying information under the Right to Information (RTI) Act to two different applicants in Sundargarh district.State information commissioner Jagadananda last week imposed the maximum stipulated fine of Rs 25,000 on Goutam Ranjan Bose, assistant fisheries officer-cum-PIO in Sundargarh in one case and Rs 7,500 in another for violation of Section 7(1) of the RTI Act.Two persons, Banambar Sahoo and Sachidanand Mistry, had separately sought details of the proceedings of a meeting of a PDS related advisory committee and the list of beneficiaries under Antyodaya Anna Yojana (AAY) in the district. While Sahoo had filed the RTI application on December 28, 2010, Mistry sought the same information on January 20, 2011.Failing to secure the information, both of them had filed complaint petitions. The commission had asked the PIO on July 3, 2012 to provide all permissible information within 15 days and issued a show-cause notice to him.In another hearing on August 2, the commission pointed out serious lapses on the part of PIO and asked him why disciplinary action shall not be recommended against him. The commission had also asked the Sundargarh sadar block development officer to submit a status report through an affidavit.Though the PIO submitted the information as sought by Sahoo, Mistry and asked by the commission, the SIC did not find his explanation satisfactory and imposed fines in the two cases on August 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15910967", "title": "Cabinet approves Rs 230cr for CM nursery programme", "text": "PATNA: State cabinet on Tuesday approved an environment and forest department's proposal to sanction Rs 229.97 crore for the Mukhyamantri Private Nursery Programme. The amount would be spent in the next five financial years (2012-13 to 2016-17) on payment of plant-cost and motivational rewards to the farmers having private nurseries.Briefing mediapersons, cabinet coordination department principal secretary Ravikant said over 25 crore new saplings would be planted under the scheme during the next five financial years with a view to increase the state's green cover area to 15% from the existing 9.79% of the total area. Around 10.25 crore saplings would be planted on the degraded forest area and the rest on the non-forest areas like canal, gair mazarua land, road flanks and government premises.The cabinet also approved an agriculture department's proposal to sanction Rs 115.37 crore for implementation of different schemes under the National Horticulture Mission and the Special Horticulture Plants Programme in the current financial year. The central assistance will be Rs 46.75 crore while the state's share is Rs 68.62 crore.It also approved a home (special) department's proposal to extend the tenure of the Bhagalpur Communal Riots Judicial Inquiry Commission for next six months up to February 28, 2013 on the existing terms and conditions of the commission.The cabinet gave its nod to animal and fisheries resources department's proposal for payment of Rs 308 crore by the state government as interest amount on a proposed loan of Rs 704 crore to be taken from the National Cooperative Development Corporation (NCDC) for setting up milk-chilling plants, milk-powder plants, ice cream plants and cattle-feed plants by Comfed ( Cooperative Milk Federation) at different places in the state in the next seven financial years (2012-19). The Comfed would take the loan from the NCDC at an interest rate of 12.75% per annum and repay the total amount of principal and interest in the next seven financial years.It also approved a law department's proposal to create 119 posts of group-III and IV employees for establishment of a district court at Sheohar. Creation of these posts would put an estimated extra burden of Rs 2.26 crore per annum on the state exchequer.It also approved an education department's proposal to sanction a grant of Rs 6 crore to the Chanakya National Law University, Patna, in the current financial year. Out of Rs 6 crore, Rs 5 crore would be spend on construction of different buildings for the university.The cabinet also gave farewell to the chief secretary Navin Kumar who is retiring on August 31. It was the last cabinet meeting under Kumar's tenure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15913867", "title": "Kiran Bedi seeks Anna Hazare's direction in faction-ridden anti-graft crusade", "text": "NEW DELHI: Shadow-boxing between former Team Anna members continued on Tuesday with Kiran Bedi taking a dig at Sunday's agitation and asking for Anna Hazare's intervention.Referring to India Against Corruption's (IAC) street agitation led by Kejriwal, Bedi tweeted, \"Are we a movement for a cause, which was Jan Lokpal Bill, Right to Reject etc or a mass of agitation-ists?\"Asked whether the dissolving of Team Anna has made corrupt more confident now, Bedi said the pressure \"may have lessened\". \"Ever since few have opted for political route the movement has become suspect in its programmes. Anna needs to step in to direct,\" Bedi said.Dismissing reports of differences between him and Bedi, Kejriwal said in Bhopal that he had no issues with her and held her in high regard. \"I hold Kiran in high esteem and there was no question of my having any problem with her,\" Kejriwal. He also said that he would talk to Bedi soon.Anna had disbanded Team Anna after the anti-corruption movement decided to take a political plunge earlier this month.Bedi had skipped a protest organized by IAC on Sunday as she was opposed to targeting BJP while Kejriwal and others were of the opinion that both Congress and BJP should be attacked alleging that both were hand-in-glove on corruption.Defending her stand not to target BJP, the former IPS officer said when she told IAC about not gheraoing BJP chief Nitin Gadkari's residence, it was \"only to keep focus\" on the party in power. However, Kejriwal and others held the view that the Congress as well as BJP should be attacked as both were \"hand-in-glove on the issue of corruption\".When questioned about her alleged political ambitions she said, \"Had I been politically inclined I would have retired as Delhi Police Commissioner,\" she said terming as \"imagination\" remarks that she was planning to join BJP to contest election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15918764", "title": "Must for school bus operators to sign MoU", "text": "PUNE: The regional transport office (RTO) will take action against contractors operating school buses if they fail to sign a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with school bus committees as per the Maharashtra Motor Vehicles (School Bus Regulation) Act, 2011. Every school has to sign the MoU with contractors of buses ferrying students.Arun Yeola, Pune regional transport officer, said, \"Many schools had disputes about signing the MoU with bus contractors, since the latter did not agree to some of the guidelines in the Act. The RTO had initially taken action against few schools which did not sign the MoU. However, we received letters from several principals saying that the MoU was not signed because many bus contractors were not willing to do so. So the state transport department decided that action will be taken against bus contractors and not school bus committees for failing to sign the MoU.\"Shailesh Sharma, secretary, state transport department, said, \"All RTOs have been issued notices regarding the change which is to be implemented with immediate effect.\"In the MoU, each party mutually agrees to abide by the guidelines in the Act. However, bus contractors had reservations about a few guidelines, including installing speed governors, in the Act. The RTO has said that each school bus must install a speed governor and the maximum speed limit for school buses has been fixed at 55 km per hour.Meanwhile, Sharma also said that school buses across the state will have to make necessary modifications in keeping with the School Bus Safety Policy by August 31 or face penal action. Among other things, the policy mandates that buses have fire extinguishers, emergency exits, first-aid kits and window rods as per specifications as well as attendants accompanying the students.Sharma said, \"We are gearing up to take stringent action from September 1. Buses will have to be made more secure for children and modifications need to be made by the stipulated date.\"Sharma said that those found flouting the rules can be booked under the Motor Vehicles Act and fined up to Rs 4,000. The RTO has powers to cancel permits if they repeat the offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "15919978", "title": "Forest officials treat injured elephant calf", "text": "KEONJHAR: Veterinary doctors from Nandankanan on Tuesday started treating the elephant calf that was injured in a train accident in Keonjhar district a few days ago. The calf has injuries on its back, trunk and front and back legs. The calf was given medicines and food.Two elephants had died on the spot when they were hit by the train on August 16 while crossing the tracks and the third injured pachyderm died after a few days. The injured calf was roaming alone in Gurutuan forest, about 65 km from here, when it was rescued by villagers on Monday and handed over to forest officials. Bidu Munda, who rescued the elephant calf, said he tied the calf to a tree and informed forest officials. Earlier, forest officials had launched a search for calf. \"The team from Nandankanan led by Dr A K Ray, a retired professor of wildlife, will treat the injured elephant calf. After it recovers, we will release it into the forest. If the herd does not accept it, we will shift it to Nandankanan,\" said A K Nayak, divisional forest officer of Keonjhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "motihari ", "code": "15911116", "title": "NGO accused of sexual exploitation of trafficked girl", "text": "MOTIHARI : The alleged sexual exploitation of a trafficked minor Nepali girl by her rescuer Dalit Mahila Jankalyan Sansthan (DMJS), a Raxaul-based NGO on Indo-Nepal border in East Champaran district for the last four months, has come in the eye of storm and the Bihar Commission for Protection of Child Rights (BCPCR),Patna, has ordered an inquiry into this case.Although the Government Railway Police (GRP) of Raxaul, which had rescued this girl Sarika (name changed) with the help of the said NGO members and produced her along with two touts in the court of railway judicial magistrate at Bettiah, is sitting tight over the case.GRP DSP Anant Kumar has ordered all the police stations in bordering areas not to allow any NGO members to check trafficked girls and boys in trains without valid permission issued by the GRP. DIG Pankaj Darad said, \"Police have not received any complaint from the victim Nepali girl as yet and if we receive any we will act promptly.\"Bihar Commission for Protection of Child Rights (BCPCR) chairman Nisha Jha while talking to TOI said she has constituted a two-member inquiry team to visit Raxaul to probe the case and on getting the report, she will take proper action against the guilty. She said the victim has already narrated the incident to her on telephone. Besides this victim, some other persons have also accused the operator of this NGO indulging in sexual abuse of rescued girls and women of Nepal and forced them into marriage.According to GRP Raxaul records, the said girl was rescued by DMJS members with the help of GRP from a Raxaul- Mumbai Express train at Raxaul station and the police have arrested two touts namely Prakash Kumar and Jiwan Kumar of Dang district of Nepal on April29 . The touts and the girl were produced before the railway judicial magistrate at Bettiah and the court send the girl to short stay home of DMJS at Raxaul and the touts were remanded to jail custody. Sarika in her statement in the court said she was being trafficked by the touts to Kuwait .Meanwhile, Suman Paswan , DMJS secretary was busy solemnizing the marriage of this girl with a Nepali and a police inspector was playing a key role in this planning but due to timely arrival of the girl's mother, Umakali Sah, the entire plan was thwarted and she went back to Birganj with her mother on August 22 . The two touts were also enlarged on bail.Sarika after returning to Birganj made allegations before the police that she was gang-raped by some police officers in Bettiah and Narkatiyaganj and she was being forced to tie knot with an elderly person. MDJS secretary said the girl is under pressure of touts there and the entire story is false only to malign him. On the other hand, Parsa SP Pitamber Adhikari said the victim girl has been sent to Maiti ,an NGO of Birganj, till the inquiry is complete. The police are waiting for the medical report of the girl and the case will be taken up before the government through proper channel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15912304", "title": "2 days after impounding car, cops yet to zero in on culprits", "text": "Even two days after impounding a black Accent, which was used in the 'kidnapping bid' of a teenager, police is still struggling to zero in on the present owner of the vehicle. The car has been sold more than three times however the record at the office of the registration and licensing authority (RLA) in Sector 17 still shows it in the name of its original owner, Saravjeet Singh, a resident of Khuda Ali Sher village.Singh has already stated that he had sold the car to a Sector 22 resident around one-and-a-half years ago and that it does not belong to him any longer. Police sources said the Sector 22 resident was also questioned and he too produced documents showing that he had sold the car to someone else. Preliminary investigations, however, revealed that the car was being used by some youths from Punjab and one of them belongs to Morinda in Ropar district.DSP (central) Ashish Kapoor said, \"We want to take strict action against the youths involved in this case after verifying various details and establishing the involvement of the youths sitting in the car. The Accent has been sold for more than three times, which makes the investigation complicated.\"The CCTV cameras installed at ISBT, Sector 17 and the Sector 16 cricket stadium roundabout have also failed to provide any important clue about the youths involved in the incident.Four unidentified youths had forcefully bundled Ankeshwar, 17, into their car, when he reportedly asked them for money on Saturday night. They then escaped after throwing him out of the car near the Sector 16 cricket stadium. Later, the car, bearing registration number, CH-03L-1434, was found abandoned in a residential area of Sector 23 and was taken to the Sector 17 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15909759", "title": "This year, Onam turns more than a one-day food fair", "text": "CHENNAI: Over the years, Onam has become a time of great activity in the city. But this year, the celebrations will run longer than usual. While Kerala restaurants have their guest lists running long on Wednesday, the scene is rather quiet at most of the Malayalee associations in the city as they plan to celebrate it only in September or even later.As the city celebrates Kerala's harvest festival, a majority of the 53 Malayalee associations in the city have decided to remain closed as most of their members prefer to celebrate at home.\"We are celebrating Onam only in October as we will be able to gather enough funds only by then,\" says M G Pushpan, president of the north Chennai Malayalee Association, who adds that this year the association decided not to throw an Onam sadya or feast as people prefer staying at home.For M D Vijay Kumar , general secretary of the All India Malayalee Association (AIMA), Onam will be a quiet affair in Bangalore with family and relatives. But that's because he knows that from then on he has a lot of work on his hands over this weekend and the next.This weekend will see Aavani Poorvangu festival, where 15,000 Malayalees from across Tamil Nadu will gather at the St. George's School grounds on Poonamallee High Road for a two-day celebration of music, dance and cultural competitions.\"The festival has been on for a decade now and is one of the biggest annual gatherings of Malayalees in the state,\" says Kumar. While there will be a concert by singer M G Sreekumar, the final day will also see a DJ and a dance floor.Next Sunday, September 9, the All India Malayalee Association will felicitate singer K J Yesudas for an illustrious career that has spanned 50 years. \"We are getting several singers and his disciples to come in and sing his songs,\" says Kumar.But the association also has something bigger up its sleeve -- a more than 10,000 sq ft rangoli portrait of Yesudas - which they are planning to create on that day, says V C Praveen, who is coordinating the event.So get set to celebrate Onam not just mid-week but over the weekend as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15912648", "title": "Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation\u2019s office attached, accounts frozen over Rs 11 crore dues", "text": "MUMBAI: The head office of the state government's infrastructure arm\u2014 Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) \u2014situated near Priyadarshini Park on Napean Sea Road was on Tuesday attached on the order of the arbitrator after the agency failed to pay the contractors' bills amounting to Rs 11 crore. All 16 bank accounts of the MSRDC have also been frozen, said sources.\"Our legal team is working on the arbitration. These things keep happening. The amount is very small,\" said MSRDC joint MD Sonia Sethi. She refused to divulge details of the case.\"We don't know whether the head office will be able to work on Wednesday or not,\" said a source.The MSRDC has built the multi-crore Bandra-Worli sea link and the Mumbai-Pune Expressway besides several flyovers and roads in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "15920902", "title": "Monkeys have a sumptous Onasadya at Sasthamcotta", "text": "KOLLAM: The monkeys at the Sasthamcotta temple were given a sumptuous Onasadya on Uthradom on Tuesday. The mass feast for the animals, which had been a practice for the past 37 years, was served at the Vanarabhojana Sala on the temple premises.The feast was served in separate plantain leaves with all the ingredients of an Onasadya. Spicy items and pickles were avoided as these would disrupt the digestive system of the animals.As soon as the food was served on each leaf, the monkeys who were waiting on the branches of trees and roof tops of the temple descended and slowly started to partake in the feast. According to Suja S, a devotee, who along with her family came to witness the special ritual, it is a treat to watch these animals taking food like humans.\"It is interesting to watch the way the monkey-mothers feed their kids like we do,\" she said.Aravindakshan Nair, president of the temple advisory committee, recalled an Onam day when starved monkeys really struggled for food and went out in search of food. At that time there was no arrangement to provide food for the monkeys from the temple. The temple now gives food for the animals every day and a special bhojanasala was set up for the purpose. The monkeys here survive on the eatables offered by visitors. \"I started feeding them in order to save them from starving. On Utradam, I used to give them a rich sadya. I have started this some 37 years ago and the practice still continues. Moreover, the villagers too celebrate Onam by offering food to the monkeys. A 'Thiruvonasadya' will also be arranged for these animals on Wednesday,\" said Nair.There is a legendary story that binds the temple and monkeys.According to the legend, It is believed that the ancestors of these animals had stayed back in the temple on request by Lord Rama, while returning from Lanka. Hence, the villagers treat these animals as divine.\"These animals are following a divine life here. If any one of them breaks out from their clan, they won't be allowed a re-entry to the temple premises. These animals naturally end up in the market of Sasthamcotta causing trouble to people. They were generally called 'chanda kurangu' (market monkeys), but during the day of Onasadya these outcasts will get an entry to the temple to have the feast. After that, other monkeys would throw them out,\" said Ramachandran Nair, a devotee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15922143", "title": "Lokayukta: Move will breed corruption", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the day 917 unauthorized colonies were regularized , the corruption watchdog of the Delhi government slammed the Provisional Regularization Certificate (PRC) dole out saying it was done \"for extraneous considerations to appease a large segment of people and for the benefit of certain sections\" .Lokayukta Justice Manmohan Sarin said grant of PRC's might breed malpractices, corruption and fuel speculation in real estate which is why the move was \"ill-advised .\" He faulted the entire process after he found out that it was done without verifying the existence of colonies (some areas granted PRC are plain fields), scrutiny of layouts and habitats of poor people residing in these areas.\"The en-masse grant of PRCs militates against the very objective for which they were claimed to be required, namely, to protect the habitats of the poor in these unauthorized colonies and to give them a sense of security,\" the Lokayukta concluded, while recommending the LG to issue an advisory to the government not to issue PRCs without verifying basic eligibility criteria.The forum pointed out glaring lacunae in the method adopted by the government. It stated that the course of action adopted by the government has created a situation giving rise to malpractices, since it first issued PRCs blindly without stringently checking if eligibility condition was met or not. Enlisting the errors, Justice Sarin said that documents of non existent societies or societies on acquired land \u2014 where compensation has also been received by owners \u2014 were accepted and PRC issued. This resulted in escalation of prices in these colonies and mushrooming growth, leaving many innocent buyers duped of their hard earned money.\"Titles changed hands at exorbitant prices and many innocent people were duped when after final scrutiny they found that the colony where they invested money were not eligible for PRCs,\" Lokayukta said. The Lokayukta was hearing a complaint of Arun Rai who had alleged fraud and illegality by the government in issuing PRCs for colonies such as Radha Krishan Vihar, Abul Fazal Enclave, Jasola Village and Kotla Mahigram Extn. According to Rai, these were non-existent colonies which had failed to meet the basic requirement for PRCs as they didn't have built-up area of 50%.Justice Sarin relied to a large extent on the findings of the divisional commissioner who made it clear that PRCs are meant only for those colonies that were in existence as on March 31, 2002 and had built up portions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15917251", "title": "Cops raid premises of LACCFED scam accused, recover details of property", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after a Lucknow court issued non-bailable warrants against former chairman of the Labour and Construction Cooperative Federation (LACCFED) Sushil Katiyar and his aide Pravin Kumar Singh, the special investigating branch of the Uttar Pradesh Police's Co-operative Cell raided as many as 11 premises belonging to the two in Kanpur on Tuesday. From the premises of Katiyar, who was also a senior Bahujan Samaj Party leader, sleuths are believed to have detected details of self-owned and benami property worth over Rs 100 crore.Sources in special investigating branch said that documents related to a 600 square meter plot in the name of Katiyar himself in the up-market Motijheel area of Kanpur, a college in the name of Katiyar's mother Bhagwati Devi, a hot mix plant, over 90 bigha of land in the names of individuals who are presently working as domestic helps of Katiyar or caretakers of property and investments in at least 36 mines in Jhansi belt have come to the fore during Tuesday raids.On Monday a day after additional chief judicial magistrate Ravi Kant had issued non-bailable warrants against the two on the application moved by the investigating officer of the case. The warrants were issued after the investigating officer informed the court that names of Sushil and Pravin have come into light as accused in the scam and there was sufficient material evidence against them to establish their involvement in the crime. He also informed the court that the two had failed to respond to a series of notices sent to them to appear before the investigating agency for their side of the story.A small government agency handling contracts upto Rs 10 lakh, LACCFED was recognized as a construction agency in 2009 by the BSP government and entrusted with construction contracts worth crores of rupees.The investigating agency till now has identified 18 projects involving Rs 350 crore, including Rs 132 crore contracts of the Panchayati Raj department, that were allotted to LACCFED. The health department gave contracts to the LACCFED for purchase of items like torches, lanterns, jet pumps, inverters and hospital beds worth crores.LACCFED was also entrusted with the task of constructing 544 health centres in various parts of the state under National Rural Health Mission. It was also given contracts to build eight buildings for Industrial Training Institute, hostels, animal husbandry and homeopathy hospitals and mortuaries in different parts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15918577", "title": "Lessons in traffic discipline for teachers", "text": "PUNE: The traffic police's initiative to include \"traffic discipline and road safety'' as an optional subject in school syllabi started with a training programme for teachers.More than 500 teachers from PMC schools participated in the programme held at the Rajiv Gandhi e-learning school on Saturday. Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre and motor vehicle inspector Anil Pantoji guided the teachers.Pandhre said a traffic study booklet has been prepared for students. In class V, 30% of the syllabus will be taught, followed by 40% in class VI and the remainder in class VII. The classes will be held once a week for one hour, during the physical training period. Two examinations - a mid-term and a final examination - will be conducted each year. More than one lakh students are expected to benefit from the programme. The students will get certificates based on tests and activities.\"Students will learn about traffic discipline and road safety at an early stage. In turn they can share their knowledge with their parents. The PMC will be the first civic body in the country to have a subject on traffic awareness for students,\" said traffic officials. PMC school board members had suggested that the programme be implemented in private schools as well.Also present were mayor Vaishali Bankar, school board chairman Pradip Dhumal and members Vasanti Kakade and Manjushri Khardekar.The PMC school board is coordinating with the traffic branch for the initiative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15910172", "title": "Suspended cop seeks bail in land-grab cases", "text": "CHENNAI: Senior IPS officer K Thukkaiandi, who was placed under suspension a day before his retirement, has approached the Madras high court seeking anticipatory bail in connection with three land grab cases registered against him.Thukkaiandi, who was additional director-general of police, was suspended on June 29. The three cases named the officer, his wife and two daughters as accused.In his petition, Thukkaiandi said he had handled several key cases against top politicians and bureaucrats while in service. He said several people had turned inimical to him and that they were out to harass him now.Noting that the cases against him and his family members were foisted on the basis of incorrect information from unreliable people, he said he was an innocent, law abiding citizen who had not committed any offence as alleged by the police.In his petition, Thukkaiandi said he was an upright and duty-conscious officer who had an unblemished record of service. He did not brook any influence from any quarters to do anything illegal and because of this attitude, many people benefited and some were affected. The affected people were behind the land-grab complaints against him, he said.Justice G M Akbar Ali, before whom the matter came up for admission, adjourned the hearing to Wednesday. The anticipatory bail pleas of his wife and a daughter are pending in the high court. Earlier, Thukkaiandi had filed a petition seeking transfer of probe into three cases to the CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15914147", "title": "Goel will try to doa Japan in BBMP", "text": "BANGALORE: New BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel has made it clear to his subordinates that he means business. He has asked engineers and other key staff to be on the field from 6am to 9am to address citizens' civic grievances for a month.Goel, who took charge on Tuesday, also made it clear that he himself would be out on the streets at the crack of dawn.He said the solution to the city's garbage problem lies in micro-management. Giving the example of Sulabh Safai Kendras where garbage is segregated in his home city of Chandigarh, he said: \"Garbage is gold. In fact, there should be no financial outgo for solid waste management. Garbage processing itself will fetch us money.\"He said: \"After heading the Karnataka State Industries Investment and Development Corporation for years, I know the importance of project management. Before starting any project, the Japanese work on all its technical aspects for 2-3 years. Once they start, they finish it in one go within 5-6 months. We must try to replicate this in the BBMP.\"Admitting that there is indeed a garbage mafia, he said BBMP too was part of it.He told reporters that with him at the helm, there would be emphasis on transparency. \"I don't know how much BBMP spends daily. There is lack of reporting,\" he added.Goel's motto is to change the negative image of BBMP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15920533", "title": "Father kills son over mobile phone charger", "text": "VARANASI: In a minor dispute regarding a mobile phone charger, a youth was killed when his father attacked him in Pratap-pur village under Maharajganj police station in Azamgarh district on Monday night.According to reports, Sunil (35) along with his wife and other family members used to live in Pratap-pur village. On Monday night he used mobile phone charger of his father Ambika Vishwakarma after, which the latter quarreled with him. In the meantime Ambika attacked Sunil and he fell on a stone peace and suffered serious head injuries. He died on the spot. The wife of Sunil lodged a named FIR against her parents-in-law and sister-in-law in this connection. Police were investigating the matter after sending the body for post-mortem.Road mishaps: In two separate road mishaps in Ghazipur and Ballia districts two persons including a woman were killed while several others sustained serious injuries.According to reports, after the delivery of her child at Rasra primary health centre in Ballia district on Sunday, Sheela Devi (25) along with her family members and ASHA worker left the place for her home on a rickshaw on Monday evening. When their rickshaw was passing through Singahi Chatti area a speeding truck hit the rickshaw and also bicycle.Sheela, her relative Sushila Devi, ASHA worker Poonam Singh, rickshaw puller and bicycle rider Anil fell on the road and suffered serious injuries. Before the locals could reach the incident site to rush the injured persons to hospital Sheela died on the spot while her one-day-old baby survived in this incident. Other injured persons were rushed to district hospital where their condition was stated to be critical.Meanwhile, in Ghazipur district an unidentified bicycle rider, aged around 35, was killed when a speeding truck crushed him near Hapuspur village under Nandganj police station on Tuesday morning. He died on the spot. On seeing it the villagers alerted the police after, which the killer truck and its driver were nabbed at some distance. Police were trying to ascertain the identity of killed person after sending the body for post-mortem.Body found: Body of an unidentified woman was found floating in Sharda Sahayak canal near Kavirampur village in Babatpur area under Phoolpur police station on Tuesday morning. Police were trying to ascertain the identity of woman after sending the body for post-mortem. Meanwhile, sensation prevailed in Lohta area when the leg of some human body was found lying in a field. Police were investigating the matter.Theft: Fearless thieves barged the clinic of a medical practitioner and the adjacent shop of a sewing machine trader in Lahurabir area under Chetganj police station and decamped with cash over Rs one lakh on Monday night.The incident came to light on Tuesday morning when the staff of medical practitioner Rakesh Majumdar reached the clinic to open it. During initial investigation of police it came to light that the thieves had broke the ventilator of the clinic's toilet to enter. Later, they broke a 14 inch thick wall to enter the adjacent shop of sewing machine trader. The thieves got cash amount from the same shop and returned from the same route. No arrest was reported in this connection so far.Miscreants nabbed: The special operation group and Sadat police in Ghazipur district succeeded in nabbing three miscreants with a stolen motorcycle, three country made revolvers and live cartridges near a culvert on Udanti river in Sadat area on Monday night. The miscreants were identified as Ranjit Yadav of Jaunpur, Shakti Chauhan and Rakesh Yadav of Azamgarh district. During initial investigation they confessed their involvement in several incidents of loot and vehicle lifting took place in Ghazipur, Ballia, Mau and Azamgarh districts. The Karimuddinpur police also succeeded in nabbing two miscreants including Suraj Prakash Shah of Chhapra in Bihar and Sanjiv of Mirzapur district with a stolen motorcycle. They also confessed their involvement in several incidents of loot and motorcycle lifting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15922215", "title": "Portfolios rejigged to bring in fresh perspective: CM", "text": "NEW DELHI: The announcement of regularization of 917 unauthorized colonies came on a day when all the six ministers in the Delhi cabinet settled into their new assignments after the rejig of portfolios . After stripping Delhi's health minister AK Walia of his assignment on regularization, Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit was seen going out of the way to give credit to him for the groundwork that enabled the government to make this \"historical announcement\" . Flanked by the former UD minister and the new urban development minister, Arvinder Singh Lovely, Dikshit rubbished allegations of sidelining Walia. Speaking to TOI, she said the rejig was undertaken to bring some \"freshness\" into the working of her cabinet and was an attempt to infuse some \"energy and enthusiasm\" into the ministers.\"I had been feeling that some ministers had too much work and others were handling light assignments . Hence the realignment was necessary. It was my mistake that I didn't think of this before and thus I have tried to make the changes. .\"On being asked why AK Walia was divested of the urban development department at a time when the government is bringing a notification to regularize unauthorized colonies, Dikshit said, \"AK Walia continues to be an important member of the cabinet. I feel he has completed his work on the colonies and now it was time to rejig the portfolios to introduce a fresh perspective.\"On the issue of regularization of unauthorized colonies, Dikshit said a notification will pave the way for converting the promise of her government into reality. On being asked if ownership rights would follow, Dikshit said that it was a policy decision and will soon follow the implementation of ownership rights to the residents.\"The important thing is that lack of housing has made people put their life's earnings into houses in unauthorized colonies. So how can we simply demolish these houses? Therefore, regularization is the answer,\" Dikshit concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15920452", "title": "Fear of losing home drives man to suicide", "text": "HUBLI: A 42-year-old man committed suicide by hanging himself from the ceiling of his residence in Kottur of Bellary district on Tuesday. Fear of losing his house led to the step, said police.Kottur police station inspector Vijaykumar said the deceased, Ramesh Rangare, a resident of Kottur, was worried about an impending demolition of his house during a proposed road-widening project. Police believe this drove Rangare to take the extreme step.A road-widening proposal from Challikere to Arabhavi was on the anvil and recently a meeting was held in the village by officials regarding the demolition of the houses during the project.A depressed Rangare then committed suicide by hanging himself in his house on Tuesday morning, police said. A case has been registered with Kottur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15921124", "title": "Maintain status quo on land acquisition: HC", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court on Tuesday directed the railway authorities and others to maintain status quo in respect of the acquisition of land for connecting railway line from Hathua (Bihar) to Bhatni (UP) which connects former railway minister Lalu Prasad Yadav's village Phulwaria to these stations.The court directed the respondents to file a counter-affidavit in the case. The bench of the acting Chief Justice Amitava Lala and Justice PKS Baghel passed this order on the petition filed by 500 farmers of 14 villages of Deoria. The petitioner Triveni Yadav and others had challenged the acquisition on various grounds. The petitioners alleged that Yadav had pressurised the Central and state governments to acquire the land for the purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15914538", "title": "One more arrest in school fraud case", "text": "NAGPUR: Sonegaon police have nabbed mastermind Kanchan Mudgal, marketing manager of DY Patil International School at Mihan, for alleged involvement in a fraud to the tune of Rs42 lakh. Producing her before the court, the police procured custodial remand of Kanchan till September 1. This is the second arrest so far in the case.Kanchan and three others colluded to embezzle the amount that was collected from 28 students towards fees meant for foreign language classes between 2009 and 2012. Apart from Kanchan, the names of manager Shivsantosh Jha and administrative officer Rakesh Bhandari too have come to fore.Kanchan's brother Bunty Jha too has been booked for threatening the school management, which was set to take action against his elder sister after an internal audit showed the irregularity.Shivsantosh had been nabbed earlier after the school management brought the matter to the notice of Sonegaon police station. He has been remanded till August 29. Kanchan was trapped after she returned from Shegaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15913552", "title": "A spray that can repair body parts", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have developed a range of sprays that can help repair body parts, heal wounds, protect teeth enamel and even prevent post-surgery complications.Researchers have developed a spray-on bandage for minor cuts and scrapes that helps to keep them clean and free from infection.Based on a plastic that is used in Lycra, called polyethylene glycol, the thick liquid is sprayed on to the wound and sets within five minutes, the Daily Mail reported.When the plastic sets it pulls the edges of the wound together, aiding healing and helping to prevent infection.\"Sprays allow more accurate and consistent delivery of the drug or treatment, and allow it to be held in the controlled sterile environment of a spray can,\" Sam Shuster from the Newcastle University said. Spray-on teeth are also being developed by scientists at King's College London and Imperial College London.The spray contains a type of calcium and helps repair damage to the tough outer coating of teeth - the enamel - and may help repair any exposed dentin. Scientists have also devised a non-stick coating for organs that prevents them sticking together after surgery.The coating prevents adhesions - a common side-effect of surgery that causes tough scar tissue to form between organs, which pulls them out of shape.A study of cases where the spray has been used showed that 90% of patients were adhesion-free seven days after surgery. A trial at Loma Linda University in the US is looking at a similar product for use in adhesions in paediatric heart surgery.To treat burns, a silicone spray is being used by doctors. In a US Army Institute of Surgical Research trial, patients will be treated with the spray or a placebo each day for three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15909888", "title": "NGO calls for cyber monitoring to prevent repeat of NE exodus", "text": "CHENNAI: In the aftermath of the rumour-fuelled exodus to the northeast, the Cyber Society of India (CSI), an NGO, has suggested that a national monitoring agency be set up exclusively for cyber security.At a press conference on Tuesday, V Rajendran, an advocate dealing with cyber crime and vice-president of CSI, said, \"Although the government's reaction in banning bulk SMSs is laudable, it is still a knee-jerk reaction. We cannot wait for a similar situation to happen before reacting. We need to put preventive measures in place.\"The debate comes in the wake of anonymous SMSs in bulk, threatening reprisals in retaliation to the ethnic strife in Assam , being forwarded to Assamese diaspora living across the country who then rushed back home. Morphed images of ethnic conflict led to the government blocking 89 websites and imposing a limit on SMS sent per day to five initially. It was later extended to 20.The CSI called for setting up a cyber monitoring agency. \"It should be empowered to receive information about potential attacks from intelligence agencies and take action in time. We already have a Computer Emergency Response Team India (CERT-In) ,\" he said. \"It can take swift decisions on blocking as per procedure instead of approaching the court. In the future, the government can filter official and internal communication through CERT-In.\"Demanding ID proof for creating websites or email IDs also needs to be considered, they said. \"All online domain spaces could be authenticated with a mobile number verification,\" said Rajendran. \"Then the law only needs to contact the telecom service provider during an investigation. Another long term measure is to develop indigenous operation systems, firewalls and search engines for better cyber security.\"Security on government websites has for long been debated. Two months ago, the TN police website was hacked and information regarding a petition was stolen. According to the CSI, what is most important is better cooperation among agencies like RAW, NTRO, IB, defence and state governments. But law-enforcers maintain that prevention is difficult under the current set-up. \"We will need government authorisation for most steps we might take,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15916160", "title": "Fake guards con Curca woman", "text": "PANAJI: A woman from Curca, Tiswadi, has complained to the police that on Tuesday afternoon, two unknown persons posing as security guards decamped with gold ornaments she was wearing, after inducing her to remove them. They then pretended to put it into her bag before vanishing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15914674", "title": "Central Crime Branch will hunt for killer driver Mahi", "text": "BANGALORE: The Central Crime Branch has been given the task of tracking down Manjula alias Mahi, 36, who ran an SUV over a labourer sleeping on a pavement in Kalyan Nagar near Banaswadi on March 12, 2012. Traffic police had failed to arrest the woman.A senior traffic police officer said despite continuous surveillance and keeping a tab on her movements, they could not locate Mahi. \"She has been lying low and she has had no communication with close acquaintances since March 12 when the SUV she was driving ran over R Nagaraj, 24, from Raichur and injured four others,\" he said.He added: \"Mahi tried to surrender in May but abandoned the idea after a lawyer-friend dissuaded her. We kept an eye on her house at Babusapalya here and also in her home town of Mysore. We're continuously monitoring all those who meet her mother. As we could make no head way, we entrusted further investigation to the CCB.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15921428", "title": "Poster campaign against Sirsa MLA", "text": "GURGAON: After holding a candlelight vigil and using social websites to seek justice for Geetika Sharma, protesters in Gurgaon have now started a poster campaign against Gopal Goyal Kanda, the main accused in the Geetika suicide case.Some posters have been put up and many others distributed, alleging that the Congress government is shielding Kanda.The protesters, who want Gopal Kanda suitably punished, have distributed posters in the city's various shopping complex, Sadar Bazaar and other public places. Some posters have been put up at the bus stand and near Kanda's house. In these posters, many questions have been raised and allegations have been made against the congress government in the state and the Centre.The poster has 12 questions overlaid on the photos of victim Geetika Sharma and accused Gopal Kanda. On Geetika's photo the six questions include, 'Will the court ensure justice for Geetika?' and 'Will Delhi Police protect Kanda?' On Kanda's photo the questions include, 'Are mobile phone call record, email record and family photograph not enough evidence?' Bystanders said that some youths distributed the posters. \"I saw some teenagers distributing the posters in the market. We also want justice for Geetika. The guilty should be punished even if he is a minister,\" said advocate Kulbhushan Bhardwaj, former president of district bar association and BJP leader.\"A boy came along and gave us these posters. When we asked him who was behind the posters, the boy drew a blank and said he was getting paid for his service,\" said Rajje Yadav, a property dealer in Aapka Bazaar shopping complex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15909765", "title": "Tyre checking, food joints start on Yamuna e-way", "text": "NOIDA: The Yamuna Expressway operator has decided to make the ride to Agra safer. After the recent incident of a group pelting stones at motorists near Agra, patrol vehicles have been increased not only to keep a tab on notorious people but also errant drivers. Moreover, a tyre checking drive will be launched so that commuters do not suffer if their tyres burst or get punctured.Also, temporary food joints have been started at a couple of toll plazas on the e-way.Speaking to TOI, director and CFO in Jaypee group, Sachin Gaur, said, \"We have noticed that tyres burst or get punctured if they are old or due to overspeeding. A camp will be organized at zero point, where not only vehicles tyres will be checked but drivers will also be educated about what safety measures should be taken on the expressway.\"\"While we are talking with tyre company professionals, roadside repair assistance will be provided by 'service on wheels' that we will introduce soon,\" Gaur added.While opening of food plazas along the expressway is going to take at least one more month, temporary eating joints have started at Jewar and Mathura toll plazas. Apart from snacks, mineral water, cold drink and juices will also be available at the food joints.Recently, a major mishap was averted after a notorious group pelted stones on commuters on the expressway near Agra. \"The 165km-long expressway falls under the jurisdiction of 15 police stations in five districts of Uttar Pradesh. We have increased the security and asked the police to increase patrolling and visibility on the expressway to avert such incidents,\" Gaur added.The expressway operator feels that experience and suggestions of commuters will help them a lot for planning safety and security of the road users. \"Suggestion from the public are very important to us. Hence, we are going to launch a section on the Yamuna Expressway's official website where we will invite the public to give their views on how to make the expressway safe and secure,\" Gaur said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15920365", "title": "Neutrino project on right track, say scientists", "text": "MADURAI: Pre-project work on the India-based Neutrino Observatory (INO) will be completed by this year, say scientists working on INO.A group of scientists working on INO in the West Bodi Hills in Theni district who were in Madurai to participate in a seminar at The American College said a nodal centre would soon be established for INO near Madurai Kamaraj University in Madurai.The Rs-1,356 crore underground Neutrino Observatory is one of the world's biggest pure science research projects coming up in Bodi Hills, about 110 km west of Madurai.Speaking to TOI on the sidelines of the workshop titled \"Pathway to Higgs Boson \", M V N Murthy of the Institute of Mathematical Sciences in Chennai said the neutrino project, one of the big initiatives of the country in pure science, was on the right track. \"The team of scientists is working on pre-project works now, which will be completed by 2012-end. Environment and pollution control board clearances have been obtained for 40 acres in Pottipuram village where the project is coming up,\" he said. Excavation of a two-km tunnel in the hills for establishment of the observatory would commence after that.Murthy further said a nodal centre was being established near Madurai for INO. \"Work is in progress to obtain another 30 acres in Vadapalanji village near Madurai Kamaraj University where the nodal centre for the observatory will be constructed.G Rajasekaran, scientific steering committee member of INO, said the pre-project works included setting up of necessary basic infrastructure in Pottipuram village like fencing the land, creating drinking water facilities and access roads. \"The scientists team is working on creating a magnetic detector which will be placed inside the cavern in a two km tunnel which will be excavated in the mountain ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15917255", "title": "Akhil Gogoi threatens stir against land panel recomendations", "text": "GUWAHATI: KMSS general secretary Akhil Gogoi has threatened an intense agitation if the state government implements the recommendations of the Bhumidhar Barman Committee constituted by chief minister Tarun Gogoi last year. The committee was formed to look after land-related grievances of the city dwellers.The committee had recommended that \"land, excluding the forest and wetlands, should be provided for residential purpose, only to permanent residents of Assam , occupying the land continuously for the past ten years counted from June 28, 2011.\" Akhil said the report of the committee headed by former revenue minister Bhumidhar Barman is contradictory to the Guwahati Water-bodies Act, 2008 and the Centre's Scheduled Tribes and Other Traditional Forest Dwellers Act, 2006.\"The water bodies act says that those families who are already residing in the periphery of water bodies should maintain status quo. But the Bhumidhar Barman committee recommended that forest lands and wetlands should not be allowed for residential purpose . We vehemently oppose this anti-people policy,\" said Akhil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15934143", "title": "Mexican singer to star in TV reality show", "text": "Popular Mexican singer Larry Hernandez will star in his own reality show, \"Larrymania\", which will debut Oct 7.The weekly programme will be broadcast Sunday evenings and will consist of 10 one-hour episodes that will follow the day-to-day activities of the artist, who was born in Los Angeles and grew up in Culiacan, Mexico.Hernandez, one of whose numbers is the hit \"Arrastrando las patas\" , is one of the most popular Latino music artists in the US and Mexico.By watching the series, fans of the singer will be able to get a look into his private life and his work.The series will cover his activities from his sold-out concerts in Phoenix and a visit to a Los Angeles firing range with soap opera star Rafael Amaya to the organization of a surprise party for his mother in Mexico.Hernandez, who began singing as a child, became known for his interpretations of traditional ballads as he developed his own style, which has garnered him wide acceptance among the Hispanic public, many of whom follow him via the social media. He currently has some 1.2 million fans on Facebook and about 200,000 followers on Twitter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15911771", "title": "Malayali group offers special gift to girl child", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Malayalis from around the world are spreading the true message of Onam. Taking a cue from King Mahabali, who believed in truth and charity, Malayalis have generously contributed towards a special Onam gift - of saving the girl child.A group of Malayalis called Malayali Friends Group (MFG), which was formed through a chain of emails, has donated over Rs 5 lakh to educate 31 girls from various states in India. The group has also contributed Rs 10 lakh as seed capital to help 100 blind people in India start their own ventures. MFG is also in talks with Blind People's Association (BPA) in Ahmedabad for a similar initiative.The group was formed three years ago, when Gopal Nair, who works at a private firm in Ahmedabad, sent out a mail to his friends seeking matrimony for some members from the Malayali community. The mail led to a chain of members, followed by a network, which began to exchange mails seeking matrimony and jobs.What started as a web-based network with just 10 members in January 2009, has grown into a group of over 1.51 lakh from 82 countries. While continuing to seek help for various causes through emails, MFG has now set up a trust called Millennium Charitable Trust (MCT) headquartered in here. \"We seek help from the respective district collector to identify visually impaired children whose parents cannot afford their treatment. The children who can benefit from vision-restoration surgery are operated upon at hospitals we have partnerships with,\" said Nair.On its first anniversary, MFG released an e-magazine and website, which was launched by legendary dancer Mrinalini Sarabhai by e-mailing the first copy of the magazine to Shashi Tharoor , the then minister of state for external affairs.\"My wife and I used to find it difficult to make ends meet with the income from playing harmonium at bhajans. We used to think it was Onam if we could manage two square meals a day before we got help from MFG,\" said Krishnan, a visually impaired Malayali married to a Gujarati in Ahmedabad.Eminent personalities like P T Usha; G Madhavan Nair; M S Viswanathan, music director; R K Panicker expert, food, nutrition and nutraceutical industries; Rajasekharan Pillai, former vice-chancellor, IGNOU; and Shobana, dancer and actress are on the board of MFG.Till date, MFG has contributed over Rs 83 lakh towards various social causes like helping poor and elderly people, for girl child, cancer patients, visually challenged and handicapped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15915260", "title": "INLD legislators conduct mock assembly session to protest suspension from Haryana legislature", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Opposition Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) legislators on Tuesday held a parallel mock assembly session outside Chandigarh's Haryana Vidhan Sabha to protest their suspension a day earlier for creating ruckus in the house.Speaker Kuldeep Sharma had placed INLD chief and opposition leader OM Prakash Chautala and his 30 MLAs in the 90-member House under suspension on Monday following uproar in the assembly after Chautala had passed \"objectionable\" remarks against him.The legislators enacted the proceedings of the session with MLA Mohammad Illiyas assuming the charge of the Speaker and declaring \"nothing will be expunged here\".The mock session went on for around an hour during which the INLD MLAs discussed various issues including former minister Gopal Kanda's involvement in driving Geetika Sharma to suicide, alleged role of Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda in shielding him and Rohtak's Apna Ghar sex scandal.\"We discussed here issues we were denied inside the House. All of us spoke the truth here and I did not feel any need to expunge any statement,\" said Illiyas.Later, the MLAs met governor Jagannath Pahadia and submitted a memorandum to him demanding the state government's dismissal.Inside the assembly BJP legislative party chief Anil Vij asked the speaker to revoke the suspension.But Sharma insisted that INLD legislators would be allowed inside the house after they apologize.But Chautala refused to apologize. \"We have not committed any wrong. The allegations leveled against us also don't stand as all the words and proceedings have been expunged from Vidhan Sabha records.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15915297", "title": "Kendriya Vidyalayas may soon have two weekly offs", "text": "MUMBAI: Over a million Kendriya Vidyalaya students across the country could soon enjoy an extended weekend as authorities are mulling over cutting their working days and making schooling a five-day affair.This is aimed at allowing students to \"pursue self-learning\" and follow their passion and indulge in non-academic activities. In a meeting last week, Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan heads felt that five-day week would give \"space\" to children who, for years, merely get an off on Sundays besides the second Saturday of the month. \"Keeping them bound to the school routine six days a week is detrimental to their natural growth of talent in various fields,\" noted the minutes of the meeting (a copy is with TOI) that took place on Thursday.The KVs outside India, in Iran , Moscow and Khatmandu , work for five days. \"While the Western system of education is quoted and applauded in ways, the important aspect of giving autonomy to students to pursue their hobbies and interests away from the Vidyalaya binding is overlooked,\" noted All India Kendriya Vidyalaya Teachers' Association president A S Mazumdar. He added that there are several institutions that follow a five-day-week time table.Most teachers acknowledged that such an arrangement would also reduce their work stress.\"It is possible for schools to follow a five-day week and maintain academic rigour too. We have always followed such a work schedule and there has been no problem that we have faced. We do work more on a case-to-case basis when someone needs more attention,\" said Mumbai's Podar School principal Avnita Bir.But Bir pointed out that under their job profile, the KVS staff has a lot of paperwork to do and she was not sure how teachers would manage that.When the recommendation was discussed with some officials, they initially shot it down and said that the proposal was not sounding feasible and that working hours for teachers as stipulated under the Right to Education Act had to be adhered to. But while the KV students have a heavier week academically than their counterparts in most other schools, teachers feel they too work more than their peers in other institutes.After the implementation of the RTE, working hours for teachers have been raised from six hours to seven- and-a-half hours, a matter that is before the court.Private CBSE schools too follow a five-day work schedule. When Mazumdar raised that point, officials hinted at considering the five-day week and that the teachers' association would have to submit a list of schools that have the weekend off. Till such a standoff between the government and the Sangathan, there will be just one day a week for some fun for lakhs of children.Times ViewGiving school children an extra day off in the week can indeed help in reducing their stress levels. However, if that is to work, both teachers and parents must bear in mind the purpose of the long weekend. If the school uses it to give a double dose of homework to the children, it would be defeating the purpose. Equally, if parents see it as an opportunity to squeeze in some more tuitions or extra hours of study on Saturday, the measure is doomed to fail. Ultimately reducing stress on kids requires a change in mindsets. Logistical measures like an extra day off or lighter schoolbags can help only if accompanied by that change.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15921386", "title": "Kanda seeks separate vehicle for court visits", "text": "NEW DELHI: Terming the case registered against him for abetting the suicide of his former employee Geetika Sharma as \"politically motivated\", former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda on Tuesday requested for a separate vehicle for his visits to the court from jail as he feared a \"blade attack\" if he travels in the common jail van.Kanda's demand for a separate vehicle came after additonal chief metropolitan magistrate Devender Kumar Jangala remanded him to 14-day judicial custody as the police submitted that he was not required for further custodial interrogation.Kanda's counsel moved two applications - one seeking court's permission to let Kanda carry his medicines for blood pressure and other was for a separate vehicle for transportation from jail to the court.As his counsel pressed for a separate vehicle, court asked Kanda to explain the need. Speaking for the first time inside the courtroom since his arrest, Kanda said, \"It (the case) is all political. Everybody knows it and the incidents of blade attacks are common in jail van.\" Kanda told the court that some political parties had already initiated demonstrations against him and there was a possibility of physical harm to him.At this, Kanda's counsel that currently he is an MLA from Sirsa and till recently, he was the minister of home of Haryana and feared from being attacked in jail van. The application filed through advocate Somesh Arora said till now Kanda was under police protection but now that he has been remanded to judicial custody, \"there is strong possibility of physical attack upon him during the transportation from Tihar jail to court\".After the plea, the court allowed Kanda's plea for a separate vehicle for transportation to and from jail and court, unlike other inmate who are transported in groups in vans.\"In the fact and circumstances, considering security and safety of the accused, his applications are allowed, because it relates to personal safety,\" the court said. tnnThe court also allowed the Sirsa MLA's plea that he is a patient of high blood pressure and he be allowed to carry his medicines in the jail.Kanda was arrested on August 18 after he had surrendered before the police, almost 13 days after former air hostess Geetika Sharma was found dead on August 5 at her Ashok Vihar residence in north-west Delhi.In her suicide note, Geetika had alleged that Kanda and one of the MDLR employees Aruna Chaddha were harassing her to rejoin the former minister's firm after she left the job. Kanda's employee, Aruna Chaddha, a senior functionary with now defunct MDLR airlines, arrested on August 8 is also in judicial custody in connection with the suicide of 23-year-old air hostess Geetika Sharma.Both Kanda and Chaddha have denied the allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15932141", "title": "Mohanlal watches Run Baby Run", "text": "Malayalam superstar Mohanlal recently held a sneak preview of his Onam flick Run Baby Run (RBR), in which Amala Paul plays his love interest for the first time.Amala was spotted at the do along with her family including her father, mother and brother. The show was held at one of the reputed preview theatres in Chennai, owned by director Priyadarshan, on the eve of Onam. Others present on the occasion were director Priyadarsan, Suresh Balaji, Lizzy Priyadarsan, Malayalam composer Ouseappachan, and cinematographer RD Rajasekhar.Mohanlal plays an investigative news cameraman in the movie and Amala plays a reporter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15922448", "title": "Man gets 4-year jail for robbery bid", "text": "NEW DELHI: Saying there has been a \"sharp rise\" in cases of robbery in the capital, a trial court has appealed that such offences be dealt with sternly, so that it sends the right message across.The court's observations came while sentencing a man to four years in jail for trying to conduct a robbery in the house where his wife worked as a maid. Additional sessions judge Virender Bhat convicted Sukh Charan on charges of trespass and making a robbery bid, and also imposed a fine of Rs 2,000 on him. Charan was arrested in August last year on the complaint of a Birla Sunlife Insurance Ltd's employee, Tanu Srivastava , that the accused had entered her house in west Delhi and had tried to commit robbery.According to the prosecution, Charan entered Srivastava's house without permission and grabbed her by the neck. He then demanded Rs 2 lakh and threatened to kill her if she did not acquiesce. It added that she promised to give him the money to save her life, and somehow managed to escape his clutches and raise the alarm. Her mother rushed to her aid while Charan fled the scene. He was later arrested. The court rejected the defence counsel's plea that he was the only breadwinner of the family and they would starve if he was jailed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15914031", "title": "Reports on DIAL, Sasan getting sidelined: Sharad Yadav", "text": "NEW DELHI: The logjam in Parliament over Coalgate has some political leaders worrying that the reports of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) on post-bid concessions to promoters of Delhi International Airport Limited and Reliance Power may not be debated.With no sign of resolution of the stalemate in sight, JD(U) leader Sharad Yadav on Monday raised the issue in the meeting of Lok Sabha's Buiness Advsiory Committee. He said the exclusive focus on Coalgate will result in the House not getting to discuss the two reports at all. \"The issue of corruption in the allocation of coal mines is important, but so are those which CAG has highlighted in the two other reports,\" sources quoted Yadav as saying at the BAC.Yadav was opposed to BJP's plan to hold up proceedings in Parliament because he felt the opposition could have used CAG's findings to expose alleged corruption under UPA. With the BJP insisting on persisting with its protests, Yadav, who is also the NDA convener, relented.The BAC meeting also saw Yadav criticizing the government for not reining in the members of India Against Corruption who on Sunday brought a large part of central Delhi to a standstill with their guerilla-style protests. Yadav regretted that police could not stop the protesters from reaching the residence of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh as well as chiefs of Congress and BJP, Sonia Gandhi and Nitin Gadkari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15918999", "title": "Sit and pee for a cleaner Earth, Taiwan tells men", "text": "LONDON: In a special drive in Taiwan, men will be asked to sit and urinate like women, to avoid urine spatter and maintain a clean environment.Stephen Shen, environmental protection administration (EPA) minister in Taiwan has said that sitting on the toilet like women does create a cleaner environment, the BBC News reported.Officials are to ask local governments this week to put up notices in public places advising men to sit.However, the minister's remark sparked an online debate with many women in social media websites favouring the suggestion but men saying that it would be hard to stop doing what they are used to doing , the report said.EPA officials have insisted that it can be done. They confirmed that Shen himself practices what he suggests \u2014 at home and while using public toilets. \"We want to learn from Japan and Sweden,\" Yuan Shaw-jing , EPA director general of environmental sanitation and toxic substance maintenance, said. \"In Japan, 30% of the men sit,\" he said.Inspectors regularly grade Taiwan's estimated 1,00,000 public toilets, with most of receiving high marks. EPA officials said there is room for improvement , as some toilets are still smelly because of urine spatter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-29"}
