{"city": "None", "code": "17657406", "title": "Campus shocked to know teacher has blood on his hands", "text": "Faculty members and students of RMK Engineering College at Kavaraipettai, 45km from the city, were on Monday shocked to hear that V Kannan, the head of department of business management in the college, had murdered his wife. They described him as a soft-spoken and quiet person.\"He was such a quiet person. I feel sad that he resorted to this drastic act,\" said Kannan's colleague S Sankaran, who teaches corporate finance. \"My heart and prayers go out to the child who has been orphaned.''Kannan had joined the college only four months ago. Earlier he was teaching at RVS Engineering College, Dindigul. He had persistently applied for this position for the last four years and he was keen to join this college, his colleagues said.K K Sivagnana Prabhu, head of training and corporate affairs, said: \"He has been a gentleman. This incident has shocked all of us.\" Sankaran said Kannan had specialised in security analysis and had a good grasp of the subject. \"He had a close rapport with his students and was always there to lend a helping hand. He was known to be liberal with attendance of the students and knew each of them and their difficulties,\" Sankaran said. Many said Kannan mingled with the students and was a jovial person. A peon said Kannan never lost his cool.On Monday, the students were seen talking about the murder in hushed tones. They would not talk anything ill of their teacher. Kannan used to commute every day to the college along with his colleagues. \"He was fine and appeared to be a content man during our course of conversations on our journey to the campus and back,\" said Sankaran. \"He did not say anything about his domestic problems.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17659280", "title": "Many plans but transport, traffic wings fail to act", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sunday's gang rape has exposed again the lackadaisical attitude of the Delhi transport department towards law enforcement.In a city with over 2 lakh public service vehicles \u00e2\u20ac\u201d DTC and cluster buses, autorickshaws, taxis, Gramin Sewa or contract carriages (school and chartered buses) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d there is an abysmal verification system in place for drivers and conductors manning these vehicles. Violations are rampant even as the transport department tries to justify its inability to control the transport sector by claiming that the enforcement wing is understaffed.From issuance of public service vehicle (PSV) badges to cameras inside DTC and cluster buses and GPS in public transport vehicles , a host of projects has been unveiled. But none has taken off. For instance, the proposal to install cameras inside DTC buses still awaits clearance while GPS has only become operational in DTC and cluster buses. Despite making GPS-enabled fare meters mandatory in the new autos, the transport department is yet to start its backend operations.Verification of drivers and other personnel manning public vehicles also remains a project on paper. According to Delhi Motor Vehicle Rules 1993, a PSV badge is required to drive a public transport vehicle in the city. However, drives by Delhi traffic police have consistently shown PSV violation.While additional commissioner SM Ali, also in charge of enforcement, refused to reveal how many PSVs have been issued till date, the traffic police's challan data is telling \u00e2\u20ac\u201d at least 8,088 challans were issued to people not authorized to drive public transport vehicles. While most were auto drivers, a significant number were driving Gramin Sewas, taxis and buses. At least 459 were private chartered bus drivers, say traffic cops.\"We usually stop vehicles when drivers are found violating some traffic rules. Checking of their papers has led us to discover that many are not authorized drivers,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.The problem, admit cops and officials, is that while traffic police conduct drives intermittently, these are only done for a few hours during the day, during off-peak hours. Public transport drivers and attendants are rarely checked at night, and traffic cops seldom check their authorization. Only commercial vehicles are checked at night, as they are regularly found speeding and causing accidents, say cops.In 2010, the transport department , in an effort to have a database of all public service vehicle personnel, decided to issue smart card-based PSVs. This project, too, has failed to be implemented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17659517", "title": "Bank terminates Arjav Diamond's bank facility", "text": "SURAT: In first of its kind case, the UK-headquartered ABN AMRO Bank's international diamond and jewellery group (ID&JG;) has terminated the bank facility of Arjav Diamonds, a leading DTC sightholder company from India based in Schupstraat in Belgium , for recovering debts amounting to $154 million (Rs 831crore) last week.Arjav Diamond is also among the top 10 global diamond companies and the world's most important rough diamond distributor.However, Arjav Diamonds NV in its response to TOI mails on Monday stated that there was no economic, legal or financial ground to do so. ABN Amro has terminated a facility whereas a month earlier, during the ongoing negotiations, the bank has offered the company a term sheet for signing which entail much better but still unacceptable conditions compared to the agreement they terminated. It goes without saying that this unlawful termination is vigorously disputed.The company stated that it owed ABN AMRO about $290 million at the peak in July 2011 and the amount went down to $215 million at the end of 2011. Gradually since then the debt has been reduced to $154 million. The debt was further reduced by $10 million in a month.Speaking with TOI over the phone from Antwerp, Ashit Mehta, director, Arjav Diamonds, said \"Arjav group has already filed a civil court claim against ABN AMRO for claiming $230 million in Antwerp. The claim is based on the conclusive evidence of a large variety of malpractices found and assessed by a large team of experienced lawyers. The bank's strangling and irresponsible behaviour has pushed Arjav group in an illiquid position\"In an email reply to TOI, ABN AMRO's spokesperson, Jeroen Van Maarschalkerweerd said, \"We never communicate about individual clients, same is the case of Arjav companies. This is a case between Arjav and the bank so we can not provide any further information given the client-bank confidentiality expected from us.\"The diamond company in Antwerp is a subsidiary of the leading diamond group based in Surat. Arjav also has the largest long-term diamond contract with Russian diamond mining giant, Alrosa .Mehta had shifted to Surat in 2010 and he had played a key role in establishing the Surat Rough Diamond Sourcing India Limited (SRSDIL), a rough diamond distribution company. SRSDIL office was inaugurated last month at Varachha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17659533", "title": "Facelift for Jagannath sub-shrines", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) is drawing up an action plan for renovation and conservation of subsidiary shrines at Jagannath temple complex in Puri. This comes in the wake up priests creating hue and cry over poor upkeep of the monument.\"Our expert committee is preparing a status report on the condition of the subsidiary shrines. We will take up conservation work on a priority basis,\" ASI's superintending archeologist, Bhubaneswar circle, Ashok Kumar Patel said on the sidelines of the 150th anniversary celebration of ASI here on Monday. \"The status report would be ready within a month,\" Patel said.The ASI has drawn flak from priests after a few stones fell from the main temple as well as some sub-shrines recently. A section of priests had last year stalled the de-plastering work of Jagamohan (frontal porch) in the 12th century shrine, insisting on the status report of the conservation work. Chief minister Naveen Patnaik had rapped the ASI and drawn the attention of the Union government about poor maintenance of the shrine.Patel informed that chemical cleaning and preservation of the main temple structure and Jagamohan would begin soon. \"An estimate of Rs 55 lakh for chemical preservation of the main temple and Rs 31 lakh for Jagamohan has been approved ,\" Patel said. The ASI is hopeful that the ongoing de-plastering work of Jagamohan would be completed before 2015 Nabakalebar festival of Lord Jagannath.Several temples in the Jagannath temple complex, including the 215.8 ft high main temple, had been covered with a thick lime coat centuries ago. One of the possible reasons cited for doing so was to save the structure from being corroded by saline conditions. The coat is now said to be weakening the structures.The ASI after facing protests from different quarters, including priests, started peeling off the lime coat from the main temple in 1986. The work was completed 10 years later.Tourism and culture minister Maheswar Mohanty, who inaugurated the ASI function, asked the central agency to take more steps for preservation of Jagannath temple.Regional director (East) of ASI Tapan Jyoti Vaidya said preservation of Jagannath temple has been their top priority. \"Despite staff constraints, we are performing our assignments pretty well,\" Vaidya said.He urged the state government to remove encroachments around ASI-protected monuments. Odisha has a total of 78 ASI-managed monuments. But ASI could not explain exactly how many monuments are under the clutches of squatters.Meanwhile, the ASI organised a photo exhibition on Monday to highlight the glorious heritage of the pre-historic and present eras. Photographs of rare specimens of pre-historic remains collected from different parts state were displayed in the exhibition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "alppuzha", "code": "17658269", "title": "Cherthala govt hosp sees unruly scenes", "text": "ALPPUZHA: The Cherthala taluk hospital on Monday witnessed unruly scenes a day after receiving the certificate of National Accreditation Board for Hospitals ( NABH).Two patients' relatives allegedly blocked a doctor of the hospital saying that the doctors failed to conduct the scheduled surgeries on Monday.Cherthala sub-inspector Ajay Mohan said that the hospital authorities had fixed four surgeries on Monday. However, the doctors could perform only two emergency surgeries as the anesthetist left the hospital on Monday noon.\"The relatives of two other patients, whose surgeries were also fixed on Monday, questioned the decision of the doctors and it ended in heated arguments between the doctors and the patients' relatives. The relatives also blocked the former hospital superintendent Dr G Venugopal. The incident took place around 2.30pm. The staff of the hospital then called for a lightning strike and the functioning of the hospital came to a complete standstill for an hour,'' said Ajay MohanPolice arrived and arrested the three men: Saji, Gemini Dinessan and Santhosh, hailing from Kattoor near Mararikkulam, who blocked the doctor.Cherthala municipal chairperson Jayalakshmi Anilkumar also arrived at the hospital and held discussions with the hospital staff.Later, the staff called off their strike. The three arrested men were released on bail after registering cases against them by Monday evening.Dr Venugopal said the first two surgeries were complicated cases and it took many hours to finish. \"The other two were minor cases. So we put off it to the next day,'' Venugopal explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17659495", "title": "Kite fest adds colour to Koraput sky", "text": "KORAPUT: The clear blue sky of Koraput became a colourful canvas when hundreds of children got together for the Sixth Koraput Children Kite Festival on Sunday.Kites in various shapes and sizes dotted the skyline as the festival kicked off at the stadium ground here.\"The aim of the festival was to make children dream high and follow it like they follow their soaring kite. Parents were also invited to assist their children in kite-flying and it was altogether a different experience when both the children and parents collectively enjoyed the game,\" said Ch Santakar, one of the organizers.Around 250 children, aged between 6 and 14 years, from several schools across Koraput town participated in the one-day festival organized by a social organization.While many children had brought specially-designed and decorated kites to participate in the festival, those, who arrived at the ground without their own, were provided kites by the organizers.It was a superb opportunity for both veteran kite flyers and the greenhorns to soak in a colourful fun time as the festival provided an amazing chance for children, who had never flown kites, to try their hand at the traditional pastime.As spectators cheered them on, the kite flyers negotiated the strong winds to put up a great show.\"It was a great experience to participate in the kite festival. Though it looks easy, one needs skill and technique to fly a kite. I look forward to fly kites here next year too,\" said Somu Pangi, a Class III tribal student of a local school.Though there was no competition among the kite flyers, the organizers made it sure that all the participant got gifts that will encourage them to take part in such events.\"The event reminded me of my childhood when we used to fly kites. As kite-flying is not much popular in urban areas, efforts must be done to ensure that the festival is organized regularly. Such festivals need to be held in other areas as well to keep the tradition alive,\" said DIG (BSF) Akhileswar Singh, who took part in the kite-flying with the children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17658618", "title": "Govt push on bank a/cs as students miss scholarships", "text": "RANCHI: The process of issuing Aadhaar cards and opening bank accounts for students of classes IX and X started on Monday all over the state. Many students in the state were not receiving scholarship money as they did not have bank accounts.District Education Officer (DEO) of Ranchi Mahip Singh said, \"Students of classes IX and X were unable to get the scholarship money from various government departments as they did not have bank accounts. The HRD department recently sent a letter to DEOs of all districts of the state to open bank accounts and prepare Aadhaar cards for all the students within 10 days beginning December 17.\"Machines for preparing Aadhaar cards have been installed at two centres in Ranchi, one at Zila School and the other at Madhya Vidyalaya, Doranda.\"The letters have been sent to principals of all government schools in the city to escort their students to the centres and get Aadhaar cards prepared,\" said Singh.Students will also be able to open bank accounts at the centres. \"Bank officials will be present to help the students... We are aiming to cover at least 300 students per day,\" Singh said.Principal of Zila School, Mahant Dubey, said, \"Many students have already registered themselves for preparing the cards and opening accounts. The turnout has been very good on Day 1.\"Some teachers think that the deadline for opening the bank accounts should be extended. Chittaranjan Kumar, a teacher of a school in Namkom, said, \"There are at least 200 students in our school and it is not possible to bring them to the city in one day. It will take around two to three rounds to bring all students and get their cards prepared. It would have been better and easier for us if the dates were extended.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17657925", "title": "Mother, girl die after lorry hits two-wheeler", "text": "CHENNAI: A woman and her daughter died on Monday of injuries sustained when their two-wheeler was hit by a tipper lorry near Semmenchery on Sunday evening.Police said Ganesan of Tsunami Nagar in Semmenchery, a security officer at a private firm, was returning home from Sholinganallur with his wife Vijayalakshmi and daughter Rithika, 11, on his motorbike when a lorry coming in the opposite direction hit their two-wheeler at Kumaran Nagar. The lorry driver fled the scene.A few passersby took the three to a private hospital where Vijayalakshmi and Rithika died on Monday morning. Ganesan is still in hospital.The Guindy traffic investigation police have registered a case and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "suri", "code": "17658487", "title": "Visva-Bharati under security blanket for President visit", "text": "SURI: The entire Visva-Bharati campus was put under heavy security cover on Monday, a day ahead of the visit of President Pranab Mukherjee , who will be in Santiniketan on Tuesday to launch the year-long centenary celebration of the \"first Nobel Prize in Asia\". He will then visit the house of his elder brother at Bolpur. The President is also scheduled to attend a programme at Suri Vidyasagar College - the institution from where he had graduated in 1956 - on Wednesday.Udayanarayan Singh, the nodal officer of the President's visit to Visva-Bharati, told media on Monday that after a brief reception at the helipad at 3.45pm on Tuesday, the President will go straight to the house of Pijush Mukherjee, his brother, at Jambuni in Bolpur. In the evening, Mukherjee will reach Visva-Bharati to attend an interaction with 'select academics' to discuss the \"continuing relevance of Tagore's ideas in the present context and the role that Visva Bharati can play\".It was announced earlier that the President will take part in an upasana at a Visva-Bharati temple, but according to a press release issued on Monday, the programme stands cancelled.At the interaction session, the President will be presented with the first copy of the bi-lingual edition of Gitanjali published by Visva-Bharati. As many as 40 teachers and officials of the university will take part in this interaction.\"The President has decided to interact with the academics of the university. It will continue for around two hours. The principals of the Bhavans (schools of learning) and other senior teachers will be present in this discussion,\" Singh said. But there would be no interaction with the students of Visva-Bharati.The President will spend around one hour at the house of his elder brother later in the day. \"My brother had expressed desire to come to my house during his visit. A couple of days ago, he had called me and said that he would visit my house. He will come to see my ailing wife,\" Pijush-babu said. Mukherjee will stay at the university guest house.On Wednesday morning, Mukherjee will visit Suri Vidyasagar College. He is scheduled to spend close to two hours in the college, receiving felicitation and meeting his college friends and a former teacher of the Bengali department. The college authority has plans to take the President to those spots of the college that were relevant during his college days.\"There is a huge banyan tree on the campus that was a meeting place of the students during those days. We hope that the President will find some old memories at the spot,\" said Amiya Ghosh, a senior teacher of the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17659437", "title": "Elected members want civic official sent back", "text": "AURANGABAD: The general body of the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) passed a resolution on Monday to send back assistant municipal commissioner Vithal Dake on the grounds of his inability to clear illegal encroachments in the city.Corporator Pramod Rathod raised the issue and other corporators supported him. Rathod said, \"Dake has not only failed in removing unauthorised encroachments of vendors near the high court area in the city, but had also expressed his inability to make them shift their kiosks. He had said that the vendors were not following his orders.\"Municipal commissioner Purushottam Bhapkar said instead of sending Dake back, the administration could transfer him. \"The civic body is facing shortage of officers and hence the proposal of sending him back should be withdrawn. Various important and senior posts are laying vacant in the civic body and if we send him back to the state government, the civic body may not get an immediate replacement. The shortage would pose hurdles in performing routine works,\" he said.The officer in-charge of removing illegal encroachments had to face similar problems every now and then and thus Dake's case should be considered by the house, Bhapkar added. He also said that there were thousands of illegal encroachment in the city and taking care of all of them was a big challenge, Bhapkar added. .Leader of the house Raju Vaidya, opposition leader Jafar Khan, Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) corporator Afsar Khan and others strongly demanded Dake's shunting.Vaidya said the civic body did not want inefficient officials who could not remove encroachments from the city. \"Taking help of such officials is as good as not assigning the task to anyone and hence he should be asked to quit the post,\" he said. Mayor Kala Ojha passed the resolution and directed the civic body to send back Dake.Dake, a chief officer from the urban development department, had joined the civic body on August 9, 2012. He was given charge as administrative officer and was responsible for removing illegal encroachments from the city.Meanwhile, Dake said he had received a telephone call from Rathod on December 14, 2012 directing him to remove illegal encroachments from high court area. \"We have taken the action against and seized five hand carts from the spot. On December 16, 2012 Rathod called me and said I was not discharging my duties. The final decision is expected on Wednesday when the municipal commissioner and mayor will return from their New Delhi tour.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17658207", "title": "Seminar to guide students on career", "text": "INDORE: With a view to helping and guiding students in taking up a proper stream after 10th, the Career Development Centre at Indus World School is organising an interactive seminar for students of Class VIII, IX and X on \"Am I made for my dream career?\" on Wednesday at Ravindra Natya Grah. Parents are teachers are also expected to attend the seminar.Principal of Indus World School Smita Rathore said the seminar will highlight on the right aptitude, interest and personality traits required by the student for the stream he chooses. \"Even parents must know how to guide their wards on which career suits their child,\" she said.Many educationists including Prof Srivathsan Vasudevan, faculty at IIT-Indore, Prof Siddharth Rastogi, faculty at IIM - Indore, Satya Narayanan R, IIM - Bangalore and chairman, CL Educate will address the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "17658989", "title": "Five riverine police battalions for Bangla border, says governor", "text": "SILCHAR: Assam governor Janaki Ballav Patnaik has said the government has decided to deploy five riverine police battalions along the 263 km border that Assam shares with Bangladesh within next year.Of the five battalions, Karimganj and Cachar border (124km) will get one and Dhubri border, with a stretch of 135.5 km, will get four such battalions, the governor added. He said in line with the recommendations of the group of ministers, BOPs will be set up at a gap of 3.5 km along the Assam-Bangladesh border, instead of the present distance of 4.5 km.Talking to the media at Maizdihi border outpost in Karimganj district on Sunday, Patnaik said people living in char areas of the state will soon get identity cards.A committee comprising BSF officials and civil administration will identify the persons eligible for getting such identity cards, said the governor.On Sunday, the governor made an aerial visit of the Bangladesh border in Karimganj from Karkhana-Putni to Sutarkandi BOP. Later, he visited some more areas of the border from Karimganj town to Jabainpur BOP by road. He had a high-level meeting with senior BSF officials at Jabainpur BOP in the district to review the situation along the border.A C Thapliyal, inspector general of BSF (Mizoram and Cachar frontier), and U C Sharma, deputy inspector general of Cachar sector of BSF, among others, apprised the governor of the situation along the border during the meeting.Patnaik said the 3.5 km open border along Karimganj town will soon be fenced for the convenience of people living in the border town, which is a busy business hub of southern Assam, situated on the banks of the Kushiara river.The governor said a mechanism is being worked out to curb smuggling of fake currency and cattle along the Assam-Bangladesh border. Fake Indian currency worth Rs 50 crore annually is smuggled to India through Maldah border in West Bengal, he said.The governor said a 49.34-metre bridge will be constructed between Sisumara and Hatsingimari in South Salmara-Mankachar subdivision of Dhubri, where fencing is not possible due to erosion of the Brahmaputra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17658871", "title": "'Form policy to check encroachments'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Municipal councillors highlighted reckless encroachment and dismal condition of city roads in the monthly house meeting on Monday. They jointly voiced the dire need to formulate a strict policy so that encroachments can be dealt with an iron hand. Besides, issues regarding road and sanitation were also taken up in the meeting in detail.Councillor Davesh Moudgil said that there is no check on the encroachment throughout the city and all the markets were reeling under the problem. Moudgil said, \"The condition is so bad in Sector 22-based Shastri Market that if any fire incident occurs then lives of hundreds of people will be endangered.\"Taking part in the discussion, former mayor and municipal councillor Subash Chawla said that even though encroachment is a gnawing problem, no political party should intervene in the functioning of the civic officials while they remove the illegal structures from the markets.\"There are several pervious examples of political outfits and its senior leaders scuttling anti-encroachment drives. Every municipal councillor should come forward and accompany the enforcement teams in their respective wards to remove the encroachments\", Chawla said.Councillor and chairperson of road committee Jahan-ul-Haq drew attention of the members towards the poor condition of newly-constructed road. \"A road dividing Sector 18-19 was constructed just a few days back and it developed fractures within two days. There should be strict action against the contractor and officers should monitor the working of the contractors to ensure that good material is used while laying down roads,\" Haq said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17659304", "title": "72 govt schools finally get phone connections", "text": "PANAJI: At the start of the academic year, headmasters of government high schools had complained of being denied grants for telephone connections, which are made available to government aided schools. The state government has finally decided to resolve the grievance and has granted approval to 72 government high schools to avail of telephone connections and has made budgetary provisions for it.The headmasters had listed it as one of the many cases of neglect of government schools by the state at a meeting called by senior education officials to assess reasons for poor performance by state-run schools at the Class X public exams.\"Administrative approval and expenditure sanction of the government is conveyed for 72 new landline telephone connections in government high schools and call charges per telephone connection at 500 per month,\" the circular issued this week states.At a meeting held in July this year, the headmasters were asked to give suggestions by senior education officials to improve the poor pass percentage at Class X recorded by several government high schools, bringing down Goa's overall pass percentage down by close to 10%.The miffed headmasters pointed out that facilities like advance for petty expenditure and telephone connections were not made available to government high schools, which makes day-to-day administration difficult.They came on record to state that the directorate of education provides non-salary grants to privately-run government aided schools for telephone connections, a facility not extended to government schools.State education officials had assured the headmasters that infrastructural support to government schools would be provided at least on par with that available to aided schools.Following the meeting in July, the state also covered all government schools under the free bus service scheme Bal Rath as headmasters had also complained that the transport facility was being made available to aided schools on a priority basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17659080", "title": "Bedridden since 18 years, social worker stands up for democracy", "text": "VADODARA: He has been bed-ridden for last 18 years and hasn't been able to move even an inch on his own. But that didn't deter 53-year-old Sunil Desai from casting his vote during the assembly polls on Monday. Desai didn't even mind hiring a private tempo to carry him to the polling booth in Karelibaug.Desai is suffering from quadriplegia wherein his entire body below the neck has been left paralyzed after he met with an accident in 1994. Despite a series of surgeries and treatments the doctors failed to revive his health.\"It was a tough task to cast my vote but I was determined to vote. I sought help from a political party to carry me to the polling booth but they said they can't help. So I decided to hire a vehicle on my own,\" Desai told TOI.\"I would have felt that I missed out on a big opportunity if I hadn't voted. It was a painful exercise to be carried to the polling booth but I was happy that I did cast my vote,\" added Desai who voted in Lal Bahadur Shastri School.Desai runs an old age care centre that gives shelter to senior citizens. He manages the centre from his bed and with great support from his wife and other family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chhapra", "code": "17656424", "title": "Bhikhari Thakur\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s native village Kutubpur diara sans road link", "text": "CHHAPRA: Kutubpur diara, native village of 'lok kalakar' Bhikhari Thakur has no motorable road from the district headquarters of Saran.The villagers have to cross the river Ganga by boat at Chirand about 10 km from Chhapra. Even college going students, both boys and girls, have to face these difficulties. His birthday falls on December 18.Besides this, the village has been facing regular threat of erosion from rivers like Ganga, Saryu and Sone. Although a bridge on Ganga is under construction to connect Chhapra and Ara, yet till its completion one has to navigate through these rivers to reach Kutubpur, the birth place of Thakur. Despite all odds, the Saran district administration had installed his statue alongwith team member at the main entrance of Chhapra town (eastern side) with its name as Bhikhari Thakur roundabout.\"Born on December 18, 1887, Bhikhari Thakur always discouraged blind faith, incompatible marriages, superstition, pathetic condition of women etc. through his writings and staging of dramas,\" said Vidya Bhushan Srivastava, who has been associated with the organization of his birth anniversary for the last several years.He further said onsidering his merit, great scholar Rahul Sankrityayan had described him as the Shakespeare of Bhojpuri. \"Thakur's role in popularizing Bhojpuri language, its style and creativity cannot be ignored,\" added Srivastava.\"Bhikhari left his native village at an early age for Kharagpur (West Bengal) for earning his livelihood, where he had an opportunity to watch 'Ram Lila' and 'Rath Yatra' of Jagannath Puri, which influenced him so much that he started composing songs in 1938 and continued up to 1963,\" said Lalbabu Yadav, general secretary, Bhikhari Thakur Lok Sahitya Sanskriti Mahotsava, adding even today poor farm labourers from Bihar are migrating to Punjab and other states in search of job.\"Despite attraction for walk on ramp and pop music in this century, it is essential to introduce Bhikhari's literature to present generation to make them aware of the village culture during Bhikhari Thakur era,\" said Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17657559", "title": "Hafeez beloved ritual: Aiding Kumbh rites", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Among the regular features at Maha Kumbh 2013 would be the presence of Abdul Hafeez, besides overseeing ashrams, akharas and kalpvasi camps, handing out tips to pilgrims and visitors on the correct way to perform Kumbh rituals, the right posture for offering 'surya namaskar' (obeisance to the sun) and the best way to take a snan (holy dip) or 'Gangajal aachman' ( sip ) at the Sangam.Besides telling pilgrims about the relevance of taking a holy dip, he exhorts them to save the river from pollution. Retired from the Health department five years ago, 66 years old Hafeez has been to the aid of Kumbh pilgrims for the past three decades. He now serves the department as health supervisor. He is an asset to the department since he knows basic requirements in large-scale planning for providing medical facilities to the pilgrims in the mega event.\"When I see satisfaction on the faces of a sadhu, kalpvasi or pilgrim, I extremely feel gratified,\"Hafeez further said.\"It's a pleasure to take care of the needs and services of pilgrims and 'kalpvasis' who come here from across the country during the mega-event.\" He believes religion is no barrier and that there is no duty greater than service to mankind.Regular pilgrims coming to the banks of Ganga for kalpwas (stay throughout Kumbh), first look for him and praise him to the sky. He was felicitated by the state government and other organisations like Akhil Bharatiya Sarvamangla Adhyatm Yog Vidyapeeth for his valuable contributions during Kumbh, Ardh-Kumbh and Magh Mela for over four decades. Since 2001, he has been receiving letters of commendation from various departments and the Allahabad High Court.Hafeez, offers the mandatory namaz five times a day regularly, has been taking the holy dip at all Kumbhs since 1968 on all the days marked as the royal bathing occasions. \"I will serve mankind on the banks of Ganga and Yamuna till my last breath,\" is his noble resolve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17658890", "title": "Arunachal to add 2700MW to its power base", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh is set to get a major boost in the power sector with the addition of 2,710 MW of power capacity upon completion of all the three under-construction hydro-electric projects in the state.\"At present, three hydro-electric projects are under construction in Arunachal Pradesh, which, after completion would add 2710 MW capacity,\" Union minister of state for power, Jyotiraditya Scindia told Lok Sabha member from Arunachal Takam Sanjoy, sources said.The projects includes 2000 MW Subansiri Lower Hydro-Electric Project (HEP) taken up by Nhpc , 600 MW Kameng HEP and 110 MW Pare HEP, both executed by Neepco, the minister informed Sanjoy on Saturday last.Presently, running through a 'rough weather' with its construction work coming to a grinding halt because of agitation by anti-dam activists in Assam, the Subansiri Lower project, originally scheduled for completion in 2010-11, is likely to be commissioned during the period 2016-18, Scindia added.Similarly, the Neepco-undertaken-600 MW Kameng HEP and 110 MW Pare HEP - both faced with adverse impact of geology as well as natural calamities - have been rescheduled for commissioning during 2016-17 and 2014-15 respectively.Scindia said the major reasons for delay in setting up of the hydro-electric projects in Arunachal are due to delay in getting statutory clearances - inter-alia environment &amp; forest clearances, problems relating to land acquisition, resettlement &amp; rehabilitation, law &amp; order, geological surprises during the construction phase.The ministry of power has taken up several measures for post clearance monitoring of the hydro-electric projects. The Central Electricity Authority (CEA) is monitoring the power projects and progress of each project through frequent site visits, interaction with the developers. Chairperson, CEA holds review meetings with the developers and other stakeholders to sort out critical issues, he informed.Moreover, a Power Project Monitoring Panel (PPMP) has been set up by the ministry to independently look after and evaluate the progress of the hydro projects, and review meetings are taken up by the ministry regularly with the concerned officers of CEA, equipment manufacturers, state utilities, CPSUs and project developers to sort out the critical issues, sources added quoting the minister. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "17659402", "title": "Ambala railway office 'most energy-efficient'", "text": "AMBALA: The Ambala divisional railway building has been declared as the \"most energy-efficient government office building\" for the year 2012.On Monday, the Union ministry of power honoured R K Gupta, senior divisional electrical engineer, for introducing the extraordinary efficiency measures in this over-25-years-old railway office.The award was jointly given by President Pranab Mukherjee and Union minister of power (independent charge) Jyotiraditya Scindia.The building has already been given five-star status by the Bureau of Energy Efficiency (BEE).Solar panels, LED lighting, GSM-based controlling of lights and water supply, energy efficient fans and lights are some of the hallmarks of this building.Ambala railway division has been experimenting various methods in the field of energy conservation.Gupta had earlier indigenously designed and commissioned first solar train in the Kalka-Shimla heritage section.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17658299", "title": "Quota bill set to stir upcaste cauldron in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The issue of reservation in promotions in government services is all set to throw Uttar Pradesh into another bitter caste conflict in the run-up to 2014 Lok Sabha elections as the state has seen twice in the past in 1990 and 2006. On both the occasions, the issue of reservation to other backward classes was the key poll issue. This time, the difference, however, is that earlier the clash was between reserved and unreserved castes but this time it has taken shape of dalit versus rest of the castes and classes, including minorities.As of now, political analysts say, major beneficiaries due to polarisation of votes in the state on caste lines would be the SP and BSP. With Mayawati taking the credit of quota bill, the Congress may not get gain but at least it has diverted the attention from the issue of corruption. The BJP, however, is expected to lose as its support to the quota bill would not only take the steam out of its attempt to consolidate backward class votes, but it may also lose grip on the upper castes.There were widespread protests in 1990, after the then prime minister VP Singh implemented recommendation of the Mandal Commission to provide 27% reservation to the OBCs in government jobs and educational institutions. The protest saw several upper caste students resorting to self-immolation. However, the move helped several backward leaders like Mulayam Singh Yadav and Lalu Yadav emerge as a powerful regional force and play crucial role in formation of coalition governments at the Centre. Mulayam had then taken the risk of antagonising upper castes further when he ordered firing on karsevaks assembled in Ayodhya for construction of Ram temple. In the process, he won the support of Muslims.This time Mulayam, who had fought 1993 assembly elections in alliance with Mayawati to counter BJP's Ram temple movement, has taken an anti-quota stand and the risk of alienate dalits but hopes to win over a sizable section of upper castes and OBCs. The move, say political analysts, would help Mulayam consolidate his position among backward classes, minorities and upper caste apart from overcoming the anti-incumbency in UP against the SP government before 2014 polls.In 2006, the country saw another round of protest when the Congress-led UPA government announced to introduce quota for the OBCs in institutes of excellence. As almost all the parties supported the move, the upper castes started deserting BJP and Congress, looking for other avenues. In UP, a section of Brahmins supported the BSP, which brought Mayawati to power with majority in 2007. However, in 2008, Maya introduced reservation in promotion in government jobs but it was struck down by the high court and the Supreme Court later.But the turn of events resulted in Mayawati losing Brahmin votes and a section of Dalits in 2012 assembly polls. Dalits are Mayawati's core vote base, hence she went all out to win them back and forced the Centre to bring in a Constitutional Amendment Bill. BSP insiders say that after winning over dalits, Maya would target non-Yadav backward classes by projecting that only Yadavs are benefitting in the SP rule. She is also banking on anti-incumbency against the SP government.Past elections show that despite being a dalit-based party, barring 2007, the BSP was never able to sweep constituencies reserved for dalits. In contrast, the SP and the BJP have better record in these seats after 1990 when the Congress lost its base in the state. In 1993 and 1996, BJP won maximum reserved seats and in 2002, the SP grabbed maximum reserved seats. The results of the 17 reserved constituencies in Lok Sabha show similar trend. In 2009 Lok Sabha elections, SP bagged 10, BSP, BJP and Congress won 2 each and RLD 1. In 2007 assembly elections, when BSP got a small percentage of Brahmin votes, it helped party win 62 out of total 89 reserved constituency leaving others far behind. \"Barring 2007, the BSP lost in reserved seats because of polarisation of non-dalit votes. \"However, at the same time party gained in non-reserved seats by fielding candidates of other castes as it helped in forming a combination of dalits and the votes of the caste to which the candidate belonged,\" said Ashok Chaudhary, political observer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17657759", "title": "'Unable to handle academic pressure', collegian hangs self", "text": "MUMBAI: An 18-year-old collegian committed suicide at his Malad (E) residence on Monday, hours after he posted a message on Facebook that he was missing his friends. The deceased, Hemant Karavade, a first-year degree student at P Dalmia College of Commerce, also wrote a suicide note, stating that his mental health wasn't stable. Hemant's close friends said they were taken aback as he never appeared depressed.Hemant, a resident of Azad Nagar in Pimpripada, stayed with his father, Harishchandra, a school clerk, and his sister. Hemant's mother resides at the family's native place.\"Hemant used to sleep on the mezzanine floor while the others slept on the ground floor of the house. On Monday, around 8am, when Hemant did not come downstairs for breakfast, Harishchandra, along with his daughter went to check on Hemant and found him hanging from a hook in the ceiling with a nylon rope,\" said senior inspector Subhash Dafle. Doctors pronounced him dead.A suicide note written in Marathi was found in the house. \"Hemant had written in the note that he was unable to face academic pressure and his mental health wasn't stable. He also apologized to his family for not having done enough for them,\" Dafle said.\"Hemant had a packed schedule; he woke up at 5am, attended college from 6am to noon, then assisted an architect till 7pm, returned home and went to gym with me,\" said his friend, Vishal Kashid. \"He often complained there wasn't enough time to study. I would try to build confidence in him by giving him my example as I too juggled between a part-time job and college,\" he said. Around 11pm on Sunday, Hemant left a post on Facebook, tagging 25 friends, stating that he missed them. That was his last post.A case of accidental death has been registered by the Kurar police. The body was sent for autopsy and later handed over to the family for conducting last rites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17658319", "title": "Puranapul site evacuated, antiquities to be handed to ASI soon", "text": "VARANASI: While the police had to use force to disperse the crowd near Puranapul on Sunday night for seizure of antiques recovered during land digging on Saturday, the district administration on Monday also sought the status of the same land.It may be recalled here that when the land, belonging to Amarnath Maurya was being dug up along river Varuna for selling the soil on Saturday morning, five antique stone pieces were recovered. These are believed to be from the 12th century Gaharwar period. Terming the antiques as busts of gods and goddesses, the locals started offering prayers at the site and shops of worshipping materials also came up nearby.On Sunday, the hundreds of people again gathered at the spot to offer prayers. The people were not only found donating money but also raising religious slogans. This prompted local police to alert senior officials as the practices could ignite communal tension and also delay the process of seizure of antiques. After getting the green signal from officials, the local police asked the crowd to evacuate the site. But when they did not comply, the cops used mild force to disperse the gathering.After vacating the site, some people tried to block the road near Puranapul but the police foiled their bid. Later, four antiques were seized while one stone piece in the shape of Argha of Shivlinga was left there for installation in temple. The ADM City MP Singh on Monday informed that the process to handover the recovered stone pieces to ASI would be started very soon. Apart from this, the ADM City also asked his subordinates to check the status of the land in order to know how the mud-digging was taking place there for commercial purposes despite the fact that the land falls in the riverbed of river Varuna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17659614", "title": "New water allocation policy announced", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra Water Resources Regulatory Authority (MWRRA) has announced the new water resources allocation policy which stipulates the maximum allocation for all categories of domestic and industrial users. It has prescribed a formula by which the allocation is to be reduced for various categories in case of drought. The policy has also introduced penal action for local bodies if they do not recycle a part of the water they use.The policy stresses that ideally only 20% of water should be for non-irrigation purpose but as demand for water has increased it has created pressure on sources and curtailed quota of irrigation sector as drinking water has a higher priority.Water use efficiency and water quality improvement are the criteria used for framing for allocation policy. The objective is to encourage non-irrigation users to meet their increasing demand by recycling and reusing or from other sources like groundwater. Since municipal and industrial effluents are not being treated to the required standards or are not treated at all before being let into the rivers, the policy also aims for water quality improvement.The MWRRA has fixed the maximum per capita consumption allowed for various types of local bodies. Bigger the population higher is the limit. The authority has asked the water suppliers - WRD and IDCs - to seek data from its consumers.Gram panchayats should be asked to submit information regarding population, quantum met from groundwater and water harvesting schemes and any traditional water harvesting structure now defunct but be revived.Municipal councils and corporations should be asked to submit data regarding population, percentage of industrial usage, level of unaccounted water use, share of groundwater in total supply, prevalence of roof top rain water harvesting, arrangement for sewage treatment and whether water audit is carried out.All new agreements with urban local bodies should include a stipulation that by the end of the three year period, a minimum of 20% or more of the sewage effluent over and above the present level of such reuse will be progressively recycled by the utility either for its own use or use by other categories of users after treatment to MPCB standards provided there are no prior commitments for irrigation or other purposes stipulated by WRD.Failure to achieve the above targets may invite such punitive measures at the time of renewal as the authority may lay down including penal bulk tariff rate, reduction in allocation etc. All new agreements will have a maximum validity of five years. The bulk water tariff including charges for reservation, excess use, late payment etc will be as per criteria for bulk water tariff.Data from industries should be sought regarding their consumption, whether recycling is done, water required for domestic purposes, whether groundwater is used, etc.While entering into new agreements with the domestic users, the suppliers will reduce the supply in years when reservoir does not attain design storage on October 15. Between 100% and 75% - none, between 75% and 50% - 10% cut, between 50% and 33% - 20% cut and below 33% - as determined by the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17657944", "title": "CM, BMC chief kept guessing during row", "text": "MUMBAI: A month after the death of Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray , senior cabinet members, high-ranking bureaucrats and top police brass feel there is a leadership crisis within the Sena, particularly when it comes to taking decisions on crucial issues.If a senior cabinet member is to be believed, then even chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has received first-hand experience of the situation within the Sena during the row over the makeshift memorial maintained for Thackeray at Shivaji Park. Chavan tried to resolve the row while stridently maintaining that no construction can be allowed within the park.On a written application submitted by mayor Sunil Prabhu and Shiv Sena Rajya Sabha MP Sanjay Raut, Chavan, on the advice of senior bureaucrats and IPS officials, made a huge exception by granting special permission to hold Thackeray's funeral at Shivaji Park, which is a silence zone. It was expected that both Prabhu and Raut would be personally responsible for removing all temporary structures after a reasonable time. However, a makeshift memorial to Thackeray came up at the cremation site.For well over 25 days, while Sena president Uddhav Thackeray maintained a discreet silence, Prabhu, Raut and Sena leaders Subhash Desai and Manohar Joshi said there would be no compromise and the Sena would maintain the memorial to Thackeray at Shivaji Park. At some point, it was announced that there was a climbdown on having a grand memorial, but the samadhi space and its edifice would not be given up.Later, when the BMC administration made it clear to Prabhu and Raut that they would have to remove the temporary structure or face the consequences, Prabhu, Desai and Sena leader Milind Narvekar knocked on the doors of Chavan in Nagpur. \"Chavan categorically told the trio that it was not possible to part with even an inch of land at Shivaji Park due to the pending litigation before the Bombay High Court. Under such circumstances, and to avoid further embarrassment, it would be better to remove the temporary structure as early as possible,\" the senior cabinet member said.On December 13, Uddhav said the makeshift memorial would be shifted to some other location in the park. Later, Raut sent a categorical letter to a BMC assistant commissioner, saying the Sena would itself remove the temporary structure on December 17. Reportedly, there were no preconditions in the letter. \"The CM read Raut's letter and it appeared that the chapter had been closed. But now we are surprised and shocked to read the statements of a section of Sena leaders, who are insisting on a memorial in the park.\" Sources said the Sena leaders want an alternative site in the park.Despite the written communication from Raut, senior Sena leaders are continuing with their demand, which is confusing BMC commissioner Sitaram Kunte and the CM about whom to believe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17659139", "title": "Ganja worth Rs 3L seized, one held", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Perinthalmanna police on Monday seized 26kg of ganja and arrested one person at Angadippuram near Perinthalmanna.The arrested has been identified as Alavi (42) of Thanalur in the district.The seized ganja valued at around Rs 3 lakh, said police. The inspector of police, Jaleel Thotathil told mediapersons that police team found two bundles and paper bags in the autorikshaw (KL 55L 1240) of Alavi during a vehicle check at Angadippuram town on Monday. Later Alavi confessed that it was ganja, which was intended for sale to regular customers at different points in the district.Jaleel said Alavi is a member of an inter-state racket of ganja smugglers and he has connection with the rackets in Andra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Karnataka.\"He procures the narcotic substance from other states in bulk, brings them secretly to the city through different modes of transport and sells it in small quantities to customers at different towns in the district.\"Hunt is on to nab the others members of the racket on the basis of the information given by the arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17659563", "title": "Forest staffers convention tmrw", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra State Forest Employees and Forest Workers Sanghatana, Nagpur, and Maharashtra State Forest Guards and Promoted Foresters Union want van majoors to be renamed as van sevaks.The forest unions will put forward its major demands at a convention at Vasantrao Deshpande Hall on Wednesday. Forest minister Patangrao Kadam and finance minister Jayant Patil will be felicitated for regularizing 6,456 van majoors in the state.NCP ministers RR Patil, Anil Deshmukh, Ajit Pawar and Bhaskar Jadhav will be present at the event. Senior forest officials have also been invited to attend the mega convention.Central president of the forest unions and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader Ajay Patil has demanded revision of pay scales of forests guards and foresters. He has demanded that van majoors who have completed more than 12 years in service be designated as van sevaks.Patil wants the government to provide compensation to van majoors, forest guards and foresters who die while trying to protect forests and wildlife. Among the other demands include travelling and medical allowance and insurance of staff of all three cadre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17659409", "title": "VV Mohalla grapples with parking space", "text": "MANGALORE: One cannot miss the 'Please Do Not Park' signs on the gates of each house in and around Vani Vilas Mohalla, and they are put up for obvious reasons.VV Mohalla was once a homely neighbourhood before commercial activities invaded its serenity. With commercial buildings mushrooming in the area, parking has become a problem for motorists. The same has robbed the residents of space in front of their houses. The problem has been highlighted to Mysore City Corporation ( MCC) and traffic police, but to no avail.\"Five years ago, there was not much traffic in the area and the flow increased because of commercial activities in the locality,\" says P S Ningegowda, retired assistant secretary, KPSC.Commenting on the traffic-related problems there, he said people who come for shopping or for other work park vehicles in a haphazard manner. \"Because of this, the residents find it tough to park their own vehicles,\" he claimed.\"Also, the roads in VV Mohalla lack speed-breakers, which encourages motorists to drive carelessly, ending up in accidents,\" Ningegowda said, pointing at 13 Cross road junction which sees 4-5 accidents every week.Senior citizen Subramanya M V alleges that most of the commercial complexes in the area do not have cellar parking. \"Complexes with cellar parking get filled, because of which motorists park their vehicles on roads,\" he added.Subramanya also alleges that there are no road dividers (medians) between Prasanna Parvathi Kalyana Mantap and Nrupatunga Open Theatre, \"because of which speedy vehicles collide often\". Whenever there is function in Kalyana Mantap, the roads gets jam-packed and it restricts the vehicular movement on the one-way stretch.With parking space being insufficient in the vicinity, motorists occupy footpath, adding to pedestrians' problems, he added.When contacted, ACP (traffic) N Vishuvardhana said that he has ordered the three traffic divisions to revise 'No Parking' areas. Admitting that parking problem is causing inconvenience to VV Mohalla residents, he said traffic police are monitoring the locality to check haphazard parking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "17658266", "title": "Man receives fake job mail, lodges plaint", "text": "MHOW: A complaint was lodged against unidentified persons in a case of cyber crime in Mhow on Monday. Rohit Bishnoi, an educated unemployed and a resident of Dharnaka area Mhow, received a fake mail allegedly from Maruti Suzuki stating that he has been shortlisted for a senior post in the company. The Mhow police later handed over the case to cyber cell in Indore on Monday.The e-mail stated that 62 persons have been shortlisted and that interviews will be soon held in Delhi. Bishnoi was asked to pay Rs 15,200 to the company. The mail mentioned only a mobile number.The email ID of the sender was prepared on MSN web, whereas all major companies have their own websites and they provide the IDs of their sites to its employees. Suspecting the authenticity of the mail, Bishnoi checked the genuine website of the company and found it fake. He then reported the matter to Mhow police.Mhow police station in charge Nagendra Singh Bais said since the matter is related to cyber crime, the case has been transferred to the cyber cell in Indore.When contacted, Maruti's corporate communications in charge Puneet Dhawan said the company has reported the matter to Gurgaon police which is investigating the case.Meanwhile, the company has taken a number of steps such as issuance of public notices in all major dailies, lodging of FIR in Economic Offence Wing of Delhi and reporting any information of fraud on the company's official website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17659310", "title": "Direct cash scheme hits a roadblock", "text": "HUBLI: Despite the UPA government striving to expedite direct cash transfer (DCT) benefit scheme, the scheme has suffered a jolt in Dharwad district with Aadhar cards posing impediment in the process of beneficiaries opening accounts.Official sources said that complaints are pouring in from people in the BPL segment, who do not possess UID cards - which is mandatory for opening of no-frills (zero balance) accounts.According to official sources, only 34% people in the district hold Aadhar cards. This is expected to create hurdles in the implementation of DCT. Dharwad district administration has set December 22 deadline for completing the process of creating bank accounts of beneficiaries to facilitate the launch of the scheme on January 1.PA Meghannavar, CEO, zillah panchayat, Dharwad, said that Dharwad district is one among the 51 districts in the country selected for implementation of DCT on pilot basis. In the district there are around 2,97,494 households, out of which 1,47,049 families have bank accounts and remaining have to be covered by December 22. A state-level bankers committee meeting was held recently to chalk out preparation plans.Managers of 291 branches of various banks in the district were given target of creating bank accounts in their respective branches. Beneficiaries of 34 central government schemes including NREGA, subsidized LPG, kerosene, Dhanalakshami and Janani Suraksha will be benefited by the new electronic cash transfer scheme.There are 360 villages under 127 gram panchayat jurisdictions of the district. Thirteen banks are identified as implementing banks, said Basavaraj Hugar, lead district manager, Hubli.The bank staff has also been asked to create bank accounts considering the documents according to the guidelines of RBI, instead of depending on Aadhar cards to meet the December 22 deadline, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17658194", "title": "PWD takes a wrong turn for Tirunelveli shrine", "text": "MADURAI: A 11th century Vedamurthy temple in Thachanallur in Tirunelveli district may suffer damage to its heritage structure if the public works department (PWD) goes ahead with its road widening project.As per a PWD survey, conducted a couple of months ago, the corner of the temple which houses Mandiramurthy, Vedamurthy and other gods will be affected if the road-widening project is implemented. Some arrow marks that the surveyors painted on the wall of the temple give the impression that the corner of the ancient structure will be demolished. Dismayed, the local people and heritage enthusiasts have approached the collector and to protect the temple.Locals say if the gods inside the temple are separated, it will be a bad omen for them. Belief apart, the PWD has no power to split the temple into two, as it is against the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Act 1958. \"The temple is facing east in a square campus. The arrow mark put by the surveyors show that the mandapa (a pillared pavilion) of the temple will be divided into two. If space is taken as per the survey marks, the temple will lose its beautiful structure and some exquisite rock pillars,\" said K Namaschivayam, trustee of the Vedamurthy Temple.Namaschivayam says the temple committee has approached the district collector and other officials to protect the temple. \"We have approached the collector. We are not against the road-widening work. We are ready to give space for the road. We are only against touching the temple,\" he said.The mandapa of the temple has unique Pandya-style pillars with podiums. \"I don't know why they marked this beautiful part to be demolished. If you follow the arrow marks, you will see it splitting the temple to make way for the road. It's unfair,\" said J Chandrasekhar of REACH Foundation, an NGO which undertakes renovation of ancient temples. \"The authorities should find a solution to the issue as early as possible. If they go ahead with the plan, we will lose an ancient structure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17650741", "title": "Raima is a bigger prankster than me", "text": "Says Kaminey actor Chandan Roy Sanyal, who is in town shooting for Anjan Dutt's latest venture Ganesh TalkiesActor Chandan Roy Sanyal fell in love with the city, especially Tollywood, when he started shooting for his first Bengali film Mohanagor@Kolkata . Ganesh Talkies directed by Anjan Dutt happens to be his third Bengali film after Aniruddha Roy Choudhury's Aparajita Tumi and the actor is enjoying every moment of the shoots here. \"I love acting in Bengali films. I work here not for money but for the opportunity I get to spend time in Kolkata. Added to that I get to eat delicious food when I am here and needless to say women in Kolkata are so beautiful and attractive that I love to come back here for them,\" smiled Chandan. Ganesh Talkies sees the actor playing a romantic lover Arjun Agarwal. \"I essay the role of a Marwari guy who is in love with a Bengali girl, played by Raima Sen . The two families were friends until they discover about our affair and eventually turn foes,\" informed the actor. So, how is it working with Anjan Dutt? \"This is my first film with Anjanda but it seems we have been working together for a long time; the working chemistry is good between us. Anjanda himself is a brilliant actor so he makes things easy for other actors on the sets. He gives a lot of space and is open to suggestions. If I ever ask him whether my shot was okay, he'd say, ' Khub bhalo, khub bhalo, khub moja hoche ',\" said Chandan as he enjoyed an elaborate lunch of rice, daal, alu bhaja, shukto, sorshe maach and kosha mangsho. \"I am a big foodie and I love to cook. I switch on the music and then start cooking while sipping wine,\" said the actor who was seen singing and dancing on the streets of north Kolkata to a retro Hindi song composed by Neel Dutt and sung by Arko. \"I tried to pay a tribute to Dev Anand in this song. His onscreen charisma has been a motivating factor for me while filming this number,\" he said. When CT asked Chandan whether it is true that Raima played a prank on him on the sets, Chandan said, \"So long, I thought I was the one who played pranks on others but Raima is a big prankstar. I only eat fish that I know the names of and on Saturday she insisted I have this particular fish I didn't know about at one go. The fish bones got stuck in my throat and she started laughing while I was choking! She sweetly told me to get hold of a cat and put its tail around my throat and the bones would disappear,\" recalled the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "vadodara/bhuj/palanpur", "code": "17659138", "title": "Action replay", "text": "VADODARA/BHUJ/PALANPUR: You did not need any statistics to tell you that voting percentage was all set to surge during this assembly election.Long queues at polling booths, enthusiasm amongst women and youth on the street and the pain that the elderly took in reaching out to polling stations was visible in the first hour of voting itself on Monday.From those who reached the polling station at 7.30 am-half an hour before the polling time-to those who combined their morning walks with the enthusiasm to vote; by 11 am 25 percent had already voted.Social networking sites were abuzz with photographs and messages by voting enthusiasts proudly declaring that they had voted and asking others to follow suit. In the city area, a group of citizens took out a rally asking everybody to come out and vote. And it is not just urban areas alone. Voting surged even in rural heartland of Anand and Panchmahal districts of Central Gujarat during the second phase of assembly elections.By 5 pm, the walled city of Vadodara presented a festive mood, after having voted early in the day. Just as the last few voters were coming out of the cluster of four booths in Hathikhana, a Muslim dominated area, at around 5 pm, a large group of Muslims emerged from the mosque opposite the booths after the evening prayers.In Kutch , voting for six assembly constituencies began on a sluggish note due to bitter cold but voters braved the chilling winds throughout the day as they made a beeline during the day. It was a sight to behold in Ratnal village when nearly 2,000 voters dressed up in traditional Kutchi costumes came to the polling stations to cast their vote. At least 30 voters, who were above 100 years, also showed equal enthusiasm in exercising their right to franchise.In four districts of North Gujarat too, voters came out enthusiastically to seal the fate of candidates, which includes three ministers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17658489", "title": "NIA arrests Malegaon blast suspect from state", "text": "BHOPAL: The National Investigation Agency (NIA) on Monday arrested Dhan Singh, accused in the 2008 Malegaon blast, from Kamta village in Satna district. This is the second arrest made by the federal agency from MP in the last two days. Dhan Singh alias Baba Ram Lakad Das, was arrested by the Satna district police in execution of arrest warrant against him by NIA.\"He was living in a rented accommodation at Kamta village as a saint for the last three months. We had an intelligence input about him. So he was arrested and handed over to the NIA,\" inspector general (IG) G R Meena told TOI. Kamta village is localted 90 km from the district headquarters at Satna.A cash award of Rs 5 lakh was declared on him by NIA. During initial interrogation he told police that he had been hiding at Omkareshwar and Dewas since his name figured in the case.The agency, which is investigating all cases with possible connections to Hindu outfits, believes that Dhan Singh played an important role in the 2008 Malegaon blast. They had been looking for alleged connections to right-wing Hindu outfits, including the 2006 and 2008 Malegaon blasts, the Ajmer (Rajasthan), Mecca Masjid (Hyderabad) and Samjhauta train blasts.Dhan singh is a close associate of Sunil Joshi , the supposed mastermind behind the blasts, who was murdered later.Eariler NIA had, on December 15, arrested Dashrath alias Rajendra Chaudhary from Ujjain in Madhya Pradesh for his alleged involvement in carrying out the blast in the 2007 Samjautha Express blast case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17659590", "title": "School Buzz was a lesson in team work: Ira editors", "text": "NAGPUR: Calling the School Buzz experience a lesson in team work, student editors of Ira International School said they had a great time brainstorming and dabbling with various ideas for the page.\"Coordination and the art of working as a team are the most important things that I learnt from School Buzz,\" said student editor Yash Shah.All the eight editors who worked for their School Buzz edition were in the TOI office on Monday for a felicitation function in which they got certificates. \"It is great. Not everybody gets a chance to be a part of a big banner like The Times of India. I am really happy,\" said another student editor Shruti Menon.The consensus among the student editors and their teacher coordinator Lucky Sadrani was that the whole experience helped the students to showcase their talents. \"This is what the CBSE pattern of education wants to do and TOI is doing that. This is one of the best ways of bringing out the hidden talents of children,\" Sadrani said.\"Also, I like the fact that many students got featured on the page, especially the younger students of primary. It was amusing to talk to them for the Cho Chweet section,\" said Kumar Gaurav, another student editor.The students said they now know a little bit of the newspaper industry. \"I realize how difficult it is. I would love to join as a journalist when I grow up,\" said student editor Vignesh Shaji.\"After today's visit we also got to know about the softwares and techniques used for publishing a newspaper. It was all very interesting,\" said S Aishwarya, another student editor.\" Yes , we now have a clue about the working method,\" said Avni Sri, a student editor.\"The one thing that I have learnt from this experience is to have patience and how to handle responsibility. It has been an awesome experience,\" said student editor P Swathi.\"It's very difficult to take everybody's opinion in one's stride and work and that's what I have learnt,\" said editor Kirat Kaur.Terming School Buzz as a very good initiative, Shaji B Acharya, father of Vighnesh suggested, \"It would be great to organize an interaction of all editors from different schools. That can prove to be a very good experience for all.\"Summing up the School Buzz experience, Shruti said, \"I have learnt that nothing is impossible if we get fully involved and dedicate ourselves to the task at hand.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "17658922", "title": "Khaplang calls for restraint", "text": "DIMAPUR: In a significant move after a series of factional clashes disturbing peace and tranquility in various parts of Nagaland, NSCN (K) chairman S S Khaplang has offered a one-month festive truce by directing his cadres to refrain from attacking rival groups from December 20 to January 20 to enable Nagas to spend the festive season peacefully. Khaplang's directive was made known in a press statement.Khaplang, however, directed his fighters to remain alert to thwart any attempts upon its personnel and \"only to react in defensive action. Khaplang conveyed Christmas and New Year greetings to all Nagas on behalf of the NSCN (K).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17659219", "title": "Schemes to aid mining-affected", "text": "PANAJI: The government is in the process of formulating various schemes for mining affected people, some of which will be launched in February 2013 and others in October 2013.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that the government is preparing a comprehensive report on the mining-affected people. He added that when the schemes are launched, they will support between 10,000 to 12,000 people in mining-affected areas. He declined to divulge further details about the schemes.The chief minister expressed concern for the people, saying around \"25,000 to 30,000 people are in a soup\" due to mining coming to a halt in Goa. Parrikar also outlined other measures the government is taking to resume legal mining including petitioning the Prime Minister and filing an affidavit in the Supreme Court urging for speedy resumption of legal mining in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17659484", "title": "Opposition seeks CBI probe again", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The opposition on Monday termed the mega mining scam in the state as \"government-sponsored\" and reiterated its demand for a CBI probe into it.During a debate in the assembly, Congress whip Prasad Harichandan described the illegalities in the mining sector as the \"scam of the century\" and squarely blamed the Naveen Patnaik government for it. Claiming that the scam could be worth Rs 10 lakh crore, Harichandan cited showcause notices issued by the state government to mining companies and alleged that the state-owned Odisha Mining Corporation (OMC) was responsible of 'illegal mining' worth Rs 35,000 crore while private players extracted iron ore worth Rs 57,907 crore in excess of what they were permitted to do.Steel and mines minister Rajanikanta Singh admitted that the government had served notices to different companies, including OMC, and said the state-owned corporation had been asked to pay up Rs 8,881 crore, not Rs 35,000 crore as was being alleged.But he outrightly rejected the demand for a CBI inquiry and insisted that the state vigilance was sufficient to probe into the mining scam. Dissatisfied, Congress and BJP members staged a walkout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17659216", "title": "Shantaram Naik flays Parrikar in Rajya Sabha", "text": "PANAJI: The Rajya Sabha witnessed noisy scenes on Monday when Goa MP Shantaram Naik (Congress) said Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar was defying courts with his statement that even if the Supreme Court directs the resumption of mining in Goa, he would decide when to start the operations in the state.Naik raised the issue of Parrikar's statement on mining vis-a-vis the Supreme Court during zero hour. Referring to the chief minister's interview published in TOI, Naik quoted Parrikar saying that if Supreme Court wants to appoint a minister of mines in Goa, let them appoint and take all the responsibilities.Agitated by Naik's criticism of Parrikar for what he called a U-turn, BJP leaders including Venkaiah Naidu , Najma Heptullah, Smriti Irani, Dharmendra Pradhan strongly objected.When Naidu said that all statements related to the Goa chief minister should be deleted as the person was not present to defend himself, deputy chairman P J Kurien expunged the part related to Parrikar's statement.Mines minister Dinsha Patel said in a written reply to the Rajya Sabha that while several states have detected a total of 25,519 illegal mining cases with fines worth Rs 622 crore realized, till June of the current fiscal, no illegal mining case was reported in Goa and Jharkhand for the first six months this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "17657732", "title": "Israelis told to shift 'chabad' to another location in Pushkar", "text": "AJMER: The district administration has asked the authorities of Israeli community centre 'chabad' to shift their congregation to another part of Pushkar town. It had also asked the owner of the building to produce the renewed lease deed of the building. According to officials, there is huge rush in and around the chabad and it increases the security threat.Ever since Pakistan-born terrorist David Headley stayed in Pushkar and mapped the community centre, the place is considered as a sensitive spot.\"It is a sensitive place and we discussed the issue in different meetings and also inspected the place before the international cattle fair,\" said sub divisional magistrate N K Agnihotri.\"We talked to the owner of the place, Chandrashekhar, asking him to construct a shade in front of the centre and also to produce the documents of renewed the lease,\" he said.He further said: \"We had also the Israeli authorities to shift the centre to some other place which is away from the populated area in the town so that if anything happens the local people are not affected.\"Meanwhile, a large number of Israelis have already arrived in Pushkar to celebrate the new year. According to Israelis, the centre works as a correction centre for Israeli youths.Israelis established the centre here 15 years ago. Initially it was run from a small place in the market but was shifted on the main road side about eight years ago. Currently it is located opposite the old bus stand -- just at the entrance of Pushkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17657479", "title": "Waste segregation remains on paper", "text": "BANGALORE: Come February, Mandur will shut its doors to the city's waste. The BBMP has assured residents of Mandur and the Karnataka high court that it will set up dry waste collection centres (DWCC) across the city to reduce the load sent to the landfill.But nothing much has happened on the ground. Of the 201 DWCCs planned by BBMP to tackle 4,000 tonnes of garbage generated every day in the city, only 45 have been set up.According to BBMP's solid waste management strategy, the dry waste would be segregated and recylables lifted from DWCCs. But barring a few like those at Malleswaram, RR Nagar, HSR Layout and Koramangala, most are dysfunctional.\"There has been no communication from the corporation about any centre. The usual process of collecting waste by pourakarmikas is on and nothing has changed,\" said Dr Ajit Benedict, RWA member of Cambridge Layout.It's the same story at JP Nagar 1st Phase. \"There's no perceptible change. We can still see heaps of garbage everywhere, including footpaths,\" said B Ramakrishna Udupa, secretary, RWA, JP Nagar 1st Phase.Residents of some areas allege their efforts to segregate waste are subverted by civic workers. \"Our segregation of waste is in vain as pourakarmikas mix the waste we hand over to them. No separate bins are used to collect dry and wet waste. We're trying to help BBMP but it seems the civic agency is not ready for it,\" said Anupama Reddy, member, RWA, Ramamurthy Nagar.\"We have identified sites for setting up dry waste collection centres but BBMP is delaying the process. Mixed waste is still collected from our houses,\" said D S Rajshekhar, member, North East Federation of RWAs.BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel admitted that DWCCs are not working as per requirement. \"We're not getting enough segregated waste and therefore not able to make optimum use of them,\" he said.Where's the land?\"Let BBMP first find the dumping yard and then we can think about dry waste collection centres. In my ward, we're able to generate 1 tonne of manure every day with the help of a crusher. Segregated wet waste is used as manure by crushing. We're sending it to farmers in Kanakapura free of cost. There's no place in my ward to set up a DWCC. This plan is not feasible in core areas where there are no vacant government sites,\" said Basavanagudi corporator BS Sathyanarayana.At Attiguppe, land for setting up a DWCC has been allotted by BDA. \"A piece of gomala (government grazing) land earmarked for setting up a waste segregation centre has now become a BDA site,\" said K Doddanna, Attiguppe corporator, adding, \"Some days ago, BDA allotted an alternative site to someone. How can a BDA site come up on gomala land?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17659357", "title": "12 years later, the River Princess saga continues", "text": "On June 5, 2000, the night was windy and the lonely River Princess, off the coast of Candolim, jostled and bustled braving the cyclonic storm that entire evening. Unable to control the quivers and shivers, and seeing the anchor broken loose, the men on board abandoned the ship allowing it to drift and get grounded, not far form the Taj Group of Hotels in Sinquerim.Tourists and locals alike, were witness to the uninvited guest on the early morning of June 6. The sequence of events which followed thereafter in the removal of the River Princess were a disaster in the making. The then Francisco Sardinha government was replaced by the Manohar Parrikar regime late October 2000. The problems began with the River Princess belching thick slicks of oil on that year's Diwali night. Fishermen cried foul and dead fish lay all along the Candolim coast. Days later, I rushed to the chief minister with photographs of the damage done to our premier beach and a hurried meeting was called, which resulted in the then collector being directed to take necessary steps to ease the menace.Incidentally, instead of finding a prince charming, the River Princess was bequeathed to a baron, who instead of allowing the damsel to dance freely into the oceanic waters out and away from Goa, punched, pinched and punctured the Princess every night, whilst Goans were fast asleep.The Princess absorbed and accumulated thousands of tonnes of sand in its belly. In the mean time and over a decade, the princess became weak and feeble and what was worse, several governments in Goa came and went, but the misery of the ship continued, and gradually the Princess received recognition and a domicile certificate from the citizenry of Goa.Over the years, the careless Goan people and the lackadaisical administration of the state failed to draw up the inventory on board, which was in fact, dowry meant for the Goan people by the rich Princess. However, the baron who was responsible for luring, enticing and eloping with the Princess and later ditching her, allowing her to remain stranded, knew the true worth of this damsel in distress.While the Goa government administration took a decade to take charge of the Princess's security, the baron, along with his accomplices in the business of salvaging ships in distress, stripped the damsel of all its valuables, ornaments, furnishings worth more in value than gold. Costly equipment, rare metal wirings and ornamentation worth over 30 crore were stolen and the pretty damsel soon started ageing fast with her skin starting to peel off, threatening the environment of Goa with her rusty presence.Strangely, even the late Matanhy Saldanha sometime in 2004, proclaimed with hope that either he would have to go, or the Princess would. He initiated the tender process and approved the services of Jaisu Shipping, Gujarat, to salvage what remained of the Princess, but this cunning suitor instead of gladly towing away the damsel, stripped her further of her organs, be it in the form of engines or the costly metal frames, and quit. Paradoxically, Saldanha was illegally forced out of office by the speaker of the Goa assembly and has now, sadly, gone forever.Fortunately, in 2011, the last attempt was made, when Digamber Kamat appointed Arihant Ship Breakers to gracefully get the River Princess off in bits and pieces and dispose of her body parts to metallurgical units for her reincarnation in other forms. In this process, over 1,15,000 tonnes of metal was disposed of. The 56 crore-worth River Princess was now worth less than 20 crore.Unfortunately, the engineers of Arihant Ship Breakers could not foresee the next 12 years, that in challenging saline Goan waters it was absolutely difficult for the damsel to fight the forces of disintegration, fouling and corrosion, especially around the double bottom hull region.Being knowledgeable about marine degradation and deterioration processes involving microbial corrosion, I had at the presentation made by Arihant Ship Breakers to the Goa State Pollution Control Board, indicated that the removal of the sub-bottom portion of the ship would be a difficult task.However, without heeding to my advice, an agreement was signed in which Arihant undertook to remove the ship in its entirety with the Goa tourism department. Again, whilst New Horizon Pvt Ltd, Navi Mumbai, claimed that the ship was removed and Arihant later claimed the entire payment of 99 crore minus the value of scrap, plus taxes, I alerted the people of Goa that the River Princess was given a Goan RIP-Rust in Pieces--burial. Several articles to this effect were published in Goan dailies from June to October 2012. It was my efforts and association with NIO scientists and retired NIO officials that finally helped nail down the site where the Princess remains still lie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17659330", "title": "National seminar on 'Panchasootras'", "text": "DHARWAD: A one-day national seminar on 'Panchasootras' composed and preached by Jagadguru Panchacharyas mostly known as pioneers of 'Philosophical Panchasootras' will be held in Bangalore on January 5.Jagadguru Chandrashekhara Shivacharya Swamy of Shri Kashi Jnanapeetha (UP) told reporters here on Monday that 'Philosophical Panchasootras 'namely 'Padividi', 'Vrushti', 'Lambana', 'Muktaguccha', and 'Panchavarna', were composed and preached by Panchacharyas -- Renukacharya, Darukacharya, Ghantakarnaacharya, Dhenukarnaacharya and Vishwakarnaacharya to their disciples Agastya, Dhadheechi, Vyasa, Sananda and Doorvasa respectively.These Panchasootras symbolize the very principles and basic philosophy of Veerashaiva religion. Many scholars, philosophers, have found these as completive.Each of these sootras have specific spiritual, philosophical meaning.The inner symbolic meaning and importance of these sootras are unknown to many people. The proposed seminar is intended to unveil the whole history, meaning and importance of these sootras. This kind of seminar on VeerashaivaSootras is the first of its kind in India, and in due course a five-day seminar will be held on panchasutras, the seer told.Veerashaiva seers like Kottura Basaveshwara Shivacharya Swamiji of Soodi, Mahadeva Shivacharya swamiji of Babaleshwar and Mahantalinga Shivacharyaswamiji of Vibhutipurmath among others and scholars Sangamesh Savadattimath, M. Shivakumarswamy Mallikarjun Paraddi, C. Shivakumarswamy, Ko.Ram.Basavaraj, N. Basavaradhya, Shanmukhayya Akkurmath, Shri.Shivappa Khake and CU Umadevi will deliberate on relevant topics at the seminar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17657749", "title": "Youth killed over college rivalry in Udaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: Old rivalry between two student groups claimed the life of a 17-year-old youth and left five others injured on the campus of a college in Udaipur on Monday.The deceased identified as Jaypal Singh Mertia was a first year student of B N College in Udaipur and was a resident of Pali district.Jaypal died on the cricket ground of M B College after being repeatedly stabbed by a group of students from MB Science and MB Commerce College.SHO Satish Meena, Bhupalpura police station told TOI that the incident took place around 11 am when the victim and his friend got into a heated argument with a group of students outside the M B Commerce College on the Bhatta Road.The argument turned into a bloody battle when the other group headed by one Dharmesh Tak called his friends, who were armed with knives, baseball bats and bamboo sticks. The group attacked Jaypal and his friend.The duo, unable to find an escape route, ran towards the college's cricket ground hoping that someone would come forward to rescue them. The rival group chased them on bikes to the centre of the ground and hit them with sticks. Seeing them screaming for help, the youths repeatedly stabbed them and left them in a pool of blood.The duo was rushed to a hospital where Jaypal succumbed to his injuries due to excessive loss of blood. tnnFurious over the attack on their friends, students of B N College reached M B College and thrashed the group members involved in the attack.\"The friends of the victim held them captive and informed the police,\" said Pankaj Borana, president, Mohan Lal Sukhadiya University, Udaipur.Four of the accused sustained injuries but were later declared out of danger.Earlier on December 15, the student groups of M B College and B N College had clashed over a petty issue during the annual function celebrations of the former. The police had to be called to control the situation. Both the groups under pressure from authorities didn't file any complaint against the other but had threatened to level scores in future.Monday's incident sent shockwaves across the colleges in the district. Many colleges closed down fearing violence. Traffic too was disrupted on main roads with several motorists taking a detour to prevent driving near the college campus.Later, activists of Kshtriya Mahsabha gheraoed the M B hospital's mortuary and demanded that the post mortem should not be conducted till all the accused are arrested.The family of deceased arrived in the evening to claim the body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17658112", "title": "HC slams govt for failure to frame rules for activists' safety", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Monday lambasted the state government for failing to frame guidelines for the safety of whistle-blowers and questioned the futility of setting up a committee without it. The court also questioned what is the committee's use if yet another life is lost.The HC has directed the government to immediately provide police protection to identified social activists and organizations till their application is decided by a committee.A division bench of acting Chief Justice D D Sinha and Justice K K Tated heard a public interest litigation for the protection of activists after the HC took suo motu cognizance of the killing of Talegaon-based activist Satish Shetty.Additional government pleader Nitin Deshpande said pursuant to the May 7, 2010 order, the government formed a special committee to scrutinize proposals of social activists and organizations seeking police protection. He said the committee was formed in February 2011 and is working at the state commissionerate and district levels. Deshpande said it has held 121 meetings till September 30, 2012 and also compiled a list of 16 activists who have been provided security.Amicus curiae (friend of the court) and counsel Dinyar Madon said no guidelines have been framed for the committee to follow. \"There is no procedure for scrutiny of applications or time limit for it to be decided. What is the use if the committee is not effective?\" asked Madon.The judges also expressed their displeasure over the government's efforts, saying it should have framed the guidelines long ago. \"It is too little and too late considering the sensitivity of the issue. The committee should be effective and should act in time. What is its use if somebody loses his life?\" asked Justice Sinha. The judges said it is \"high time\" the government takes necessary steps to ensure the safety of whistle-blowers.They also noted that the home department's affidavit is \"silent\" on how much time the committee will take once an activist approaches the committee for protection. \"It is also silent on the interim protection to be given to identified activists / organizations who complain of threat/attack or use of force.\" They directed the state government that whenever it receives complaints of threat because of their activism, interim police protection should be provided to them till their application is decided by the committee. The judges granted four weeks' time for the government to state by when \"appropriate, comprehensive and effective\" guidelines will be framed.January 8, 2010: A round is fired from a country-made revolver outside the residence of Nayana Kathpalia of NGO Citispace, fighting for open spacesJanuary 13, 2010: Satish Shetty, who unearthed several land scams in Pune and irregularities in government offices using the RTI Act, is killedMarch 18, 2010: Sumaira Abdulali, president of NGO Awaaz Foundation, is threatened and her car damaged while returning after inspecting illegal sand-mining in Mahad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17657874", "title": "Chimps day out: Pair jumps out of enclosures in city zoo", "text": "LUCKNOW: Monday, Lucknow zoo's weekly off, proved fortunate as had visitors including children been around, tragedy would have struck. Chimpanzees came out of their enclosures and put zoo staff on their toes for more than an hour, before they could be pushed back into their cages after being tranquilised.The chimpanzees, Jason and Nikita, are in cages located right at the centre of the zoo premises. On Monday, the two swung on the branch of a babool tree and came out of their cage.While the female was lured back into the enclosure by the zoo staff, the male had to be tranquilised. Jason, the male, is slightly aggressive in nature and it took zoo officers and staff about half an hour before they could control the animal.The zoo officers agreed the incident could have been dangerous had visitors been around. Zoo has several trees surrounding enclosures of animals. The visitors, on any given day, can be seen perched on the over-grown branches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17659214", "title": "Second accused in rape case yet to be nabbed", "text": "MARGAO: Four days after the horrendous incident, Margao police are yet to nab the second accused involved in the rape of the 16-year-old girl.Police sources informed that based on the description provided by the victim, a sketch of the accused has been prepared and will be sent to all the police stations.A classmate of the victim, also a minor, who has been accused of raping the girl in a toilet block of a cinema theatre in Margao, has already been lodged in the remand home for juveniles at Merces.The victim, after being raped by her classmate in the toilet block, was then forcibly taken by another person, to some secluded place and raped again. The police are on the look out for this accused, whose identification details are not known.Margao police have booked an offence against both the accused under Sections 363, 341, 376, 342 of the IPC and Section 8 of the Goa Children's Act. Margao PI Sudesh Naik in investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17658834", "title": "Kiran's convoy brings traffic to a stop", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The denizens of the city, who face traffic snarls generally on account of bad roads, on Monday got a taste of VVIP traffic jam with chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy's convoy ensuring that major roads remained blocked for most part of the day. A patient being taken in a 104 ambulance from Rajapulova (between Vizag and Vizianagaram) to KGH was among the traffic that was held up for more than 10 minutes on NH-5 in the afternoon. At least a two-kilometre long queue of vehicles was seen at NAD Kotha Road when traffic at the busy junction was stopped for 15 minutes to allow the CM's convoy to pass at around 11.30 in the morning, resulting in a nightmare for Vizagites headed to work or important meetings and a headache to traffic cops.Hawkers and vendors alike were bullied by the cops to shut shop early especially at the Siripuram and Waltair Club junctions and the general public on the road at the Siripuram junction had to deal with the horror of jams each time the CM's convoy passed by.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17659259", "title": "Injuries shock docs, victim still critical", "text": "NEW DELHI: The woman gang-raped in a moving bus on Sunday is battling for life at Safdarjung Hospital. The nature of her injuries has left doctors \"shocked\". Her intestines and blood vessels had ruptured as she was brutalized badly. There are multiple injuries, but the intestinal injury is the main cause of worry.\"She was bleeding profusely, but she was conscious till we wheeled her into the operation theatre,\" said a senior doctor.Preliminary examinations show that \"she has sustained serious abdominal and genital injuries. It seems she was repeatedly hit with a blunt object on her abdomen or an object was shoved into her private parts. She has several injury marks on her body but the injury to the intestines has created a life-threatening condition,\" said B D Athani, medical superintendent, Safdarjung Hospital.In a four-hour surgery, doctors had to remove large portions of her intestines as it was badly damaged. She was later put on ventilator. By the evening, doctors say, she had gained consciousness but was drowsy. Her mother and brother also met her in the evening. \"She is not talking right now. She is in a state of shock,\" said a doctor.Doctors are maintaining her blood pressure through medicines. \"So far, she has taken the treatment well, but her condition is critical. There are high chances of gangrene setting in due to the nature of injuries,\" said a senior doctor who was part of the team that operated upon her.Psychiatrists say these men have psychopathic traits. \"This barbaric act is a result of aggression and frustration . As they were in a group, this aggression and frustration just pushed them to this heinous crime. It is not just a sexual assault, the brutality with which she has been beaten up shows that they had deep psychopathic traits. Drugs, alcohol just make things worse,\" said Dr Jitender Nagpal, head of institute of mental health, Moolchand Hospital.\"But one main reason for the increase in such crime is the slow process of justice. The rehabilitation of victim takes a lot of time as the trial goes on for years. It is tough for her to live the trauma, especially when her perpetrators are not punished,\" he added.Experts attribute the trait to growing exposure to pornography. \"It is affecting the minds of vulnerable people who don't have a good family support. Those who indulge in such barbaric act are low on empathy . They don't consider the other person as a human being,\" said Sameer Malhotra, head of mental health and behavioural sciences, Max Healthcare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17657414", "title": "Ghastly rapes Delhi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s undoing for long", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was not the first time that Delhi woke up to a spine-chilling rape. The capital has had a long history of such crimes.On October 6, 2003, a 17-year-old Delhi University student was gang-raped at Buddha Jayanti Park by four men of the President's Bodyguard. Harpreet Singh and Satender Singh had raped the girl while Kuldeep Singh and Manish Kumar stood guard. A hue and cry led to the arrest of Harpreet and the others. Recently, all four were convicted: Harpreet and Satender got life terms while Kuldeep and Manish got 10 years in jail.The same year, another ghastly rape was reported from the Shanti Mukund Hospital in east Delhi. On September 7, a nurse on duty at the east Delhi hospital was raped in the middle of the night by a ward boy. He also gouged out her right eye and wounded the left one. The accused Bura was convicted and sentenced to life term.Perhaps Delhi Police's biggest failure till date has been its inability to solve the vexing Siri Fort rape case in which a Swiss national, a 35-year-old filmmaker, was abducted from outside Siri Fort Auditorium on October 3, 2003, and then raped in a moving car. The Delhi Police pressed over 10,000 of its men and the door-to-door investigation across south Delhi led to thousands being detained. Finally, a closure report was filed, with police claiming that they could not trace a single suspect.After a lull of two years, the Dhaula Kuan gang rape case in 2005, in which a rape took place in a moving car, led policymakers to review security in the city.On May 8, a 20-year-old DU student from Mizoram was abducted by four people in a car early in the morning. They finally dumped her near a gurdwara in south Delhi after raping her.Five days later, one Ajit Singh Katiyar, a driver of a Noida-based call centre, was arrested amidst cries that cops were goofing up the case by failing to arrest the other accused. The court has convicted the lone accused and 14 years jail term was awarded to him. The cops though never arrested the three other accused.In 2010, another gang rape, yet again of a girl from the northeast shocked Delhiites. The police came under scrutiny and it was alleged that a weak PCR positioning and weak understanding of English by men in the control room led to the message being flashed late.On November 26, 2010, a young BPO employee was walking towards her home in Moti village near Dhaula Kuana early morning along with one of her colleagues after being dropped off on the main road by her cab when four persons in a vehicle abducted her and took turns to rape her. Two Haryana men, Shamshad and Usman, were arrested. The case is pending trial in a lower court. The incident had brought in a new set of guidelines for cabs.On October 6, 2003, a 17-year-old DU student was gang-raped at Buddha Jayanti Park by four men of the President's Bodyguard. Harpreet Singh and Satender Singh had raped the girl while Kuldeep Singh and Manish Kumar stood guard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17658873", "title": "Scrap dealers to be questioned", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Abandoned explosives and artillery material including live bombs and tank shells, besides bullets that were recovered remain a mystery for police authorities in the Tricity.In the September 2009 instance, in which 3 persons were killed and seven others injured, though a criminal case under various sections of The Explosive Substances Act was registered, no suspect was identified, while the source of the explosives is yet to be confirmed.In July, 2010, three live bombs weighting 1kg each were recovered from the dumping ground in Sector 38 but the police is yet to find where did these explosives come from. A case too was registered by the Chandigarh police in this regard. Later, the bombs were defused by a team of Western Command officials.A local intelligence official said, \"In three cases of Panchkula, explosive materials went off in shops and houses of scrap dealers, who were trying to remove copper and iron from bombs. In these cases, it has not been found how these scarp dealers procured these explosives.\"DSP (east) Vijay Kumar told TOI, \"A list of scrap dealers, especially those working in Industrial Area, is being prepared for questioning in connection with the recovery of the 40kg heavy tank bomb from forest area near Daria village close to the Chandigarh railway station.\"The investigation has been handed over to the operation cell (anti-terrorist cell) of Chandigarh police for ascertaining the source of the bomb and confirming the circumstances, under which it reached the forest area near Daria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17659723", "title": "Musi revival project to be a reality soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: After several false starts on the Musi revitalization plan, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has finally decided to take up the mega project soon. The 21-kilometre stretch between Bapughat and Nagole would not only be rid of encroachments and stink, but would also be made a recreation zone on the lines of Necklace Road in a couple of years at a cost of Rs 752 crore.Consultant Aarvee Associates, engaged by the GHMC, has recently submitted detailed project report (DPR) on Musi river revitalization , which would be sent to the Union ministry of environment and forests (MOEF) since funds are being released under the National River Conservation Plan (NRCP).Some works under 'Save Musi' project like construction of rubber dams and diversion of sewer lines into the river were carried out both by the Corporation and Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) three years ago. However , some works like development of river drives and removing encroachments were not completed. Under the new plan, flood retaining walls along the river banks from Bapughat to Nagole would be constructed. These retaining walls would take care of flood in the river besides preventing encroachments on the river front. It has been proposed to improve river drives on south bank of Bapughat to Attapur, Golnaka bridge to Amberpet STP and Nagole bridge to Nagole STP.The other works being planned under the project are re-sectioning of riverbed to improve carrying capacity of the river, remove sludge from the riverbed, provision of drains, approach roads, parks, bathing ghats, crematoria, graveyards in addition to renovating the existing ones. Plans have also been prepared to provide more platforms and steps leading to the river at bathing ghats and crematoria.It has been proposed to develop parks at four places and provide adequate number of benches, lighting and landscaping of park area with fountains, flowerbeds, commercial activities like kiosks, food courts, public information centres etc. Renovation of park near Nagole bridge, including additional two-lane road bridge for better connectivity , and seamless enter-exit facility to the park. To maintain river water pool, it has been proposed to construct two rubber dams at Nagole in addition to the existing two opposite Salarjung Museum and the High Court.GHMC officials said the MoEF had agreed to support the Musi revitalization plan a couple of years ago after inspecting the entire river area and okayed the proposal . Then, the consultant was engaged for preparation of DPRs in November last. \"The Rs 752-crore project will be implemented in two phases. In the first phase, works between Bapughat and Nagole bridge will be taken up at a cost of Rs 493 crore, while in the second phase works near Nagole bridge and Nagole STP will be taken at a cost of 258 crore. The Centre will bear 70% of the cost, while the state government has to bear the rest, 30%, of the project cost,\" GHMC commissioner MT Krishna Babu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "17657597", "title": "Katarniaghat cameras capture seven tigers", "text": "BAHRAICH: Almost a week into Phase-IV of monitoring big cats in the reserve, seven new tigers have been sighted in forest ranges in Katarniaghat Wildlife Sanctuary and Dudhwa Tiger Reserve.As many as 168 pairs of camera traps have been put up and 42 additional pairs are expected to be purchased by the forest department soon. Each pair has been installed across an area of 4 sq km. This has made the monitoring process more intensive compared to the sample testing method in the preceding phase when 48 pairs of camera traps had been put to use. Shailesh Prasad the field director was jubilant over the new sightings trapped on camera in Motipur and Kharkhara Ranges under Katarniaghat wildlife sanctuary which falls in the buffer zones of the reserve where tiger presence was expected least, he said.He hoped that the area has potential to breed a tiger population.The sighting was possible due to intensity of the monitoring process, he felt, adding that there might be six to eight more tigers within this 120 sq km stretch. Sharing his optimism, sources in National Tiger Conservation Authority pointed out that the results of Phase-IV monitoring across the country would certainly be encouraging.In the third phase, limited camera traps were deployed and estimation done on the basis of results obtained from sample areas. Further, since the exercise is an annual feature, a regular tab can be maintained on status of the big cat population and there will certainly be no Sariska-like situation in future, where all tigers have been poached.The State forest department is monitoring in association with WWF.\"The entire 2,108 sq km of buffer and core can be covered more intensively. It is believed that at least 70% to 80% of the big cats present would cross the camera traps in 45 days of the monitoring period,\" said Prasad. As per the earlier estimate, presence of about 109 tigers was projected in Dudhwa. But the latest figures could vary between 140-150 tigers, said Prasad.Katarniaghat Wildlife Sanctuary is a part of the Dudhwa Tiger Reserve, and is located in Uttar Pradesh near the Indo-Nepal border, in the Terai area of Bahraich district. It covers an area of 400 km and was established in 1976.The sanctuary is now being managed along with the Dudhwa National Park and Kishanpur Wildlife Sanctuary, as part of the Dudhwa Tiger Reserve under Project Tiger of the Government of India. The Katerniaghat Forests provide strategic connectivity between tiger habitats of Dudhwa and Kishanpur in India and the Bardia National Park in Nepal . Its fragile Terai ecosystem comprises a mesmerising mosaic of sal and teak forests, lush grasslands, steaming swamps and wetlands. it is unique for the number of endangered and critically endangered species, which occur here and include the gharial, tiger, rhinocerous, Gangetic dolphin, swamp deer, Hispid hare, Bengal florican, the white-backed and long-billed vultures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17658444", "title": "Calligraphy nothing but applied geometry", "text": "BHOPAL: Geometrically aligned words in chaste languages - Arabic, Persian, Sanskrit and Dravidian inscriptions - forming beautiful patterns of art are on display at a photo exhibition, which began here on Monday.Showcasing calligraphy on monuments, papers, copper plates and coins the exhibition 'Calligraphy through the Ages' would be on till December 23.\"Calligraphy is nothing but applied geometry. The Indian form is representative of our synergic culture which takes inspiration from various Indian languages,\" said ASI superintending epigraphist and director GS Khwaja.He said Persian writer Abu Fazal (author of Akbarnama) described calligraphy as the geometry of soul.\"The challenge is to preserve the works and art of calligraphy by saving the purity of language,\" said Khwaja. \"We say Sankrit is dev bhasha, but we want to make it the jan bhasha. Similar is the case for Arabic and Persian,\" he added.Part of its five city tour, the exhibition comes to the city after rave reviews in New Delhi, Lucknow, Srinagar.Calligraphy may be a dying art but fortunately few people in the city are still practicing Islamic calligraphy. Archaeological survey of India has offered space to calligraphists to display their work at the exhibition in Gauhar Mahal. \"We have shortlisted about four artists already and we are inviting others too,\" said an ASI official. Officials also informed that rare works, coins, copper plates, and specimen of calligraphy in private collections can also be displayed at the exhibition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17658565", "title": "Officials verify closure of eighty polluting tanneries", "text": "KANPUR: With an aim to make sacred river Ganga pollution-free during Maha Kumbh-2013, seven teams comprising of officials of the district administration and Uttar Pradesh Pollution Control Board (UPPCB), inspected around 80 tanneries that were shut down in compliance of the high court order in Jajmau area of the industrial city here on Monday.Following the district magistrate's directive for strict compliance of the HC ruling on closure of polluting units, the teams inspected 80 such units and disconnected the water and power supply of several units that were found functional in violation of the law. According to UPPCB authorities, these are the same industrial units which don't have the facility of ETP (Effluent Treatment Plant) and were shut down following the district magistrate's order.The Maha-Kumbh will be held between January 14 and March 25, 2013 and millions of people from all over the nation and the world are expected to gather at Allahabad to take a holy dip at Sangam on the occasion.The seven teams comprising of UPPCB officials, ACMs and circle officers, besides officials of KESCO and Jal Nigam will submit a report on a regular basis to DM MP Agarwal on the status of these industries. The district administration has also roped in members of the tannery associations for identification of such units as they are believed to have better knowledge of the locality, a UPPCB official said.Pollution Control Board's regional officer Radhey Shyam said, \"We have shut down 80 of the total 403 tanneries not equipped with the ETP facility. In the absence of appropriate waste-water drainage and collection systems, these units were causing serious environmental, health and hygiene problems.\"UPPCB has been facing the wrath of the court for not taking adequate steps to curb ever-increasing pollution level in the Ganga. Recently, the high court had directed the state government to \"initiate appropriate action against the polluting industries that are not complying with the prescribed standards\".The city has more than 400 tanneries and there are many units not equipped with proper infrastructure, which only account for a major portion of untreated sewage flowing into the river.Meanwhile, Hafizurrahman Babu Bhai, president of Jajmau Small Tannery Association, said, \"We would meet UPPCB chairman tomorrow in this regard and request him to suggest better alternatives to make Ganga pollution-free.\"The sewage treatment plant of 36 million litres per day capacity was set up in Jajmau exclusively to deal with tannery sewage. It may also be mentioned here that the leather industry generates an estimated Rs 2,000 crore of sales a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17658784", "title": "Move to revive controversial 'HM's squad'", "text": "RAIPUR: After having disbanded it more than two years ago amid controversies, Chhattisgarh home minister Nankiram Kanwar is keen to revive his \"HM's Squad\"-which reports directly to him- to pro-actively tackle crimes like gambling and sale of illicit liquor across the state.\"I am thinking of reviving the HM's squad to tackle the sale of illicit liquor and gambling that directly contributes towards deterioration of law and order,\" he told newsmen at Lormi. Kanwar had constituted the HM's Squad way back in 2010 that sparked controversies following a series of unpleasant incidents involving the special team of state police which reported directly to the home minister and not to the higher echelons of police force.But within a period of eight months, the HM Squad landed up in controversies after its staff assaulted owners and staff of road-side eateries, pan and grocery shop owners at Ambikapur, Narayanpur, Bhatapara, Kharora and Dhamtari. Besides, there were also complaints of the squad personnel indulging in extortion and falsely implicating people in cases of bootlegging and gambling for refusing to pay up.The HM squad had run into trouble after BJP legislators wrote to chief minister Raman Singh , home minister Nankiram Kanwar and the then Director General of Police seeking to know under which provisions of law such a police squad-that reports directly to the home minister-has been constituted.They alleged that the activities of the squad have dented the image of both the government and the party.Subsequently the controversial squad was disbanded after the intervention of chief minister Raman Singh, who sent a note to the home minister suggesting that the squad be disbanded.Reacting to the move , Congress media cell in charge Shailesh Nitin Trivedi said his party would oppose any move to establish a \"private sena\" by the home minister which he said did not have any sanctity under the law. In the past, Kanwar had made such an experiment that led to anarchy like situation in which the squad members themselves indulging in extortion and beating up of people.I am thinking of reviving the HM's squad to tackle the sale of illicit liquor and gambling that directly contributes towards deterioration of law and order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17658774", "title": "Jharkhand dentists spread anti-tobacco message", "text": "BOKARO: As rising numbers of patients suffering from oral cancer triggered by chewing of tobacco has evoked concern, dentists in Jharkhand have decided to make people aware of the ill-effects of tobacco and help them give up the bad habit.More than 300 dentists and dental surgeons, who participated in the Jharkhand State Dental Conference organized by Indian Dental Association , Bokaro chapter, here on Friday participated in tobacco intervention initiative session to prepare themselves in this regard. The three-day conference witnessed dentists and students of different colleges from Jharkhand and Bihar participating in it. Dental surgeons like Sachin Sinha from Bangalore, Kamlesh Kothari of Kolkata and others shared their knowledge on various topics related to dental treatment and diseases.Sinha, who is a associate professor in a dental college in Karnataka, said time has came when the dentists should come forward for creating awareness among people on tobacco chewing, a bad habit which is killing people. He said Jharkhand, Bihar, Odisha, West Bengal and eastern Uttar Pradesh were the states where people were more addicted to smokeless tobacco.Intervention by conducting de-addiction drive, consultancy and providing medicines may help in saving lives of people addicted to tobacco.To serve the society, the IDA has come up with TII in which dentists are being trained with advanced therapy which they can apply in making tobacco chewers come out of this addiction.After the training, the dentists can open tobacco suggestion centre (TSC) at their clinics and can provide medical counselling to the person for coming out of tobacco addiction. There are more than 290 TSCs in the country by the dentists. Of them, majority are in south India while north India where so many people have tobacco addiction has about 10-12 centers.Plans are afoot to open TSCs in Jharkhand, Bihar and other states of north India by providing training to the dentists. At the training, the dentists are being acquainted with knowledge of behavioral intervention which deals with how to counsel the person. Pharmaco therapy provides knowledge related of medicines administered to the person.Sinha said about 2,100 patients die every year from oral cancer, which mostly occurs due to tobacco chewing . \"In my TSC, I have helped 100 people in the past three and a half years from coming out of the addiction,\" he said. Tripti Chandra, the head of the department, Bokaro General Hospital, said on an average two-three patients are detected with oral cancer in the hospital every month. The figures are more or less same in all the big hospitals in the state. The dentists taking the issue seriously have decided to make an effort in bringing down the number of oral cancer patients by providing consultancy to tobacco consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17657393", "title": "Govt rejects panel\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s key suggestions on Lokpal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has rejected key recommendations unanimously made by Parliament's select committee on the powers to be vested in the proposed Lokpal, potentially setting the stage for another round of confrontation with the opposition and civil society on the contentious issue of the anti-graft watchdog's mandate.Sources said the department of personnel and training (DoPT) under the prime minister turned down the select committee's recommendation that an official facing an inquiry from the Lokpal not be given an opportunity to be heard at the stage of preliminary enquiry: that is, before a case is lodged. The DoPT also rejected the suggestion that officers on a particular probe not be transferred without Lokpal's consent when the investigation was on. The government insisted that the Lokpal must seek the comments of the public servant against whom it may be conducting an enquiry.The resistance from the government will delay passage of the Lokpal bill which has remained stuck in Rajya Sabha for almost a year, and prolong the interminably long wait for an ombudsman.The government changed Clause 20(3) of the version of Lokpal bill cleared by the select committee - an all-party body of the Rajya Sabha -- in order to provide an opportunity to public servants under Lokpal's scanner to be heard during preliminary enquiry; an exercise which is done discreetly to ascertain whether a prima facie case exists or not. The committee was of the view that no such opportunity need to be given to the public servant at this (PE) stage.The government also changed Clause 20(2) of the bill making it mandatory for the inquiry wing of the Lokpal or other investigating agencies to seek comments from public servants facing allegations of corruption. The select committee had used the formulation \"may\", leaving the issue of whether to seek comments to Lokpal's discretion.Another key suggestion made by the committee was that when an officer investigating a case is sought to be transferred for any reason, the prior approval of Lokpal should be required. The government rejected this proposal, and brought in an amendment saying transferring any official would remain the exclusive right of the government. Such powers couldn't be given to the Lokpal as this was the prerogative of the government and these were purely administrative issues, sources said.Last winter, the Lok Sabha had approved the Lokpal bill amid walkout from the Left, SP and BSP. With fresh changes, it may require approval of the lower House once again which may not be possible in this session even if it is passed by the upper House as the current session comes to an end on December 21.The government has mostly agreed to other recommendations of the select committee which has delinked the creation of Lokayuktas in states and exempting the PM from the ambit of Lokpal on matters of security, atomic energy and international relations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17658363", "title": "Shoppers insist on polybags", "text": "VARANASI: Vinod, a street food vendor at Godowlia market knows nothing about the recent ban imposed on the use of plastic bags. Instead, he remarks, \"Customers often pester us with the demand for plastic bags. If I do not keep my stock of plastic bags ready, they will not come to my shop and the sale will be affected.\"Shopkeepers at busy markets like Godowlia, Chowk, Nai Sarak, Gurubagh said the demand for a polybag almost always follows a purchase. Aman Dwivedi, a shopkeeper at Gurubagh area said even if the customers are carrying their own bags, they still ask for plastic bags.It may be mentioned here that polythene bags of less than 40 micron thickness were already banned while a 200 metre radius of river Ganga has been declared a polythene-free zone. However, the use of polybags even near the ghats and river Ganga is so rampant in the city that locals dwelling in these areas are themselves not aware of the ban that was imposed earlier.The plastic bags are also a reason for blocked drains and sewer lines in many areas of the city. Plastics do not decay for centuries and stay in the environment. Toxic chemicals used in the manufacture of polythene and ordinary plastics may cause cancer or other diseases, apart from polluting water bodies, land and air during their disposal.According to the city health officer BK Singh, nine health inspectors keep a check on the use of poly bags in these areas and they also check the use of cheap polybags (less than 40 microns) in other areas of the city. Ensuring proper implementation of the ban, every health inspector gives out a minimum of five challans every day. However, putting the ball in the district administration's court, Singh informed that the expected targets are not achieved at present because of lack of strictness on the part of health inspectors under the district administration. From January 2012 to December 10, 2012, only 600 challans have been given out against shopkeepers selling articles in cheap bags, he informed further.Advantages of biodegradable plastic bags# Compost derived from biodegradable plastics increases the soil organic content as well as water and nutrient retention.# Reduces chemical inputs in soil and suppressing plant disease.# Biodegradable shopping and waste bags disposed of to landfill may increase the rate of organic waste degradation in landfills while enhancing methane harvesting potential and decreasing landfill space usage.# The energy required to synthesis and manufacture biodegradable plastics is generally much lower for most biodegradable plastics than for non biodegradable plastics.Disadvantages of plastic bags# Non recyclable and sub standard plastics poses problems in collection, recycling and disposal.# Littered plastic bags choke the drains and sewage lines.# Indiscriminate plastic waste disposal on land makes the land infertile.# Garbage mixed with plastics interferes in waste processing facilities and also cause problems in landfill operations.# Burning of plastics emits carbon monoxide, chlorine, hydrochloric acid, dioxin, amines, nitrides, styrene, carbon tertra chloride, benzene, acetaldehyde.Plastic Waste Management Rules 2011# The thickness of the plastic bags should be greater than 40 microns.# Carry bags can also be made from compostable plastics conforming IS/ISO:17088:2008# No carry bags shall be made available free of cost by retailers to consumers.# Multilayered pouches or sachets used for packaging of tobacco and other products shall not use plastic material in any form.# Carry bags made up of plastic shall bear a label or mark 'recycled'.# Each state government shall constitute a State Level Advisory (SLA) body to monitor implementation of rules.(Source: Central Pollution Control Board)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17657419", "title": "Industries face penalty for excess power usage", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a further blow to the industrial sector, which is already reeling under severe power crisis, power distribution companies have decided to collect 6 to 7 times additional amount to the original bill if their power consumption is more than 10% during peak hours and more than 60% during off-peak hours.Taken aback by the massive power bills that are being handed out to them, several unit owners rushed to the nearest electricity revenue office (ERO) only to find out that the discoms have already started implementing the penalty system cleared by the Andhra Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission (APERC).After the collapse of the national grid in more than 13 states in July this year, all regulatory bodies decided to impose stringent penalties on erring power consumers.ERC went a step further and gave permission to discoms to increase the penalty for excessive draw of power on consumers. Thus, according to the latest initiative, any industrial unit that uses electricity for other than lighting purpose between 6 pm and 10 pm is liable for a penalty in the form of seven times more than the unit cost. In case the industrial consumers use more than 60% during off-peak hours, they have to pay six times more than the unit rate.For commercial consumers like cinema theatres, shopping complexes and multiplexes, the penalty is six times higher per unit. These consumers have been asked to limit their consumption to 10% during peak hours and 60% during off-peak hours.Interestingly, even if the power is available due to rain or cloudy weather, the penalties will continue. \"Even if adequate power is available, we will still levy the penalty for excessive draw of power as we need to protect the grid frequency in line with the national grid,\" explained a senior official in the AP Transco.The discoms are not sparing even public utility services like RTC bus stands and state government offices and imposing 5 to 6 times penalty of the unit cost if they consume more than 10% power between 6pm and 10pm.\"It is unprecedented in the history of the state that even government offices are being subjected to penalties and restrictions,\" lamented a senior officer working in an e-Seva department that is supposed to run round the clock.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17659720", "title": "Three explosions at Hyderabad airport; helicopter, aeroplane gutted in fire", "text": "HYDERABAD: A major fire broke out in one of the hangars at Begumpet airport here tonight in which an aeroplane and a helicopter are suspected to be gutted, fire department officials said.However, no one was injured in the fire that started at around 11.35 pm.According to sources, the fire started allegedly after three explosions, resulting into huge flames.At least six fire engines were pressed into service to douse the flames, they said, adding the hangar(flight repair shed) collapsed in the incident.\"The blaze was brought under control, though, the shed got damaged in the fire and one plane and a helicopter were suspected destroyed,\" a fire officer said.\"Exact cause of the fire was under investigation,\" assistant district fire officer Bhagwan Reddy said.The airport is mostly used for landing of VIP planes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17657909", "title": "Las Vegas, Mumbai favourite party zones for Indians: Study", "text": "MUMBAI: The Big Apple's nightlife has been voted the best in the world in an online global survey, but for Indian tourists, Sin City Las Vegas is the most preferred place after sunset followed by, believe it or not, Mumbai, India's very own city that never sleeps.The night clubs of New York apparently make it to the top slot for a fun night-out as the Big Apple's nightlife was voted the best in the world, in an online global survey. For Indian tourists though, the most preferred place to be after sunset was Sin City Las Vegas and the second spot went to, believe it or not, Mumbai, India's very own city that never sleeps.Going by what the surveyed party-goers have to say, the recent spate of police raids on the city's pubs has failed to dampen their spirit. And surprisingly, they prefer the city to even Goa, which, despite its beaches and shacks serving sun downers, could not make it to the top three slots when it came to partying at night.For travellers around the world, after New York, the second most preferred destination for nightlife was Las Vegas followed by London, according to the study conducted by an online hotel booking portal. The survey gathered responses from 27,000 travellers across the globe. \"But when it came to Indians, Mumbai took the second spot after Las Vegas as the city of Bollywood continues to enchant Indian travellers with its electrifying party venues, sea side locations and vibrant nightlife,\" said the release issued by Hotels.com. \"The global favourite nightlife destination, New York, remains the third choice for Indians. Bangkok and London are other popular destinations; Indians would like to travel to enjoy nightlife.\"The survey also revealed that, although the top slots went to the US, six out of the top 10 cities were in Europe. Besides London, Paris, Barcelona, Berlin, Amsterdam and Madrid all made it to the world's favourite clubbing list while Bangkok was the only Asian city to be among the global top 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17658914", "title": "Plastic to replace paper notes in UK", "text": "LONDON: Plastic banknotes which are more durable, waterproof and harder-to-counterfeit, are set to be introduced in Britain, replacing the paper money used for more than 300 years. The radical overhaul could see the polymer sterling notes in circulation within three years.The Bank of England has put out a 1 billion tender from 2015 for the printing of notes at its press in Debden, Essex, the 'Daily Mail' reported. Part of this process demands that bidders are able to cope with the change from paper to plastic from the start of the contract. Since 2003, the contract has been held by De La Rue \u00e2\u20ac\u201d one of only two makers of polymer notes.The company, which prints more than 150 currencies, has just produced new plastic banknotes for the Pacific island of Fiji. Plastic notes were first introduced in Australia in 1988 as a measure against counterfeiting.They have proved a success, and are apparently particularly popular with surfers who are able to keep money in their pockets without it disintegrating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17657860", "title": "UP BJP leaders oppose party's stand on quota bill", "text": "LUCKNOW: After the Bharatiya Janata Party supported the 117th Amendment Bill in the Rajya Sabha, paving the way for the reservation in promotion, there are clear-cut fissures in the party on the issue. The UP leadership has expressed its reservation against the central leadership's stand of backing quota in promotion in view of the 2014 Lok Sabha election and assembly elections within a year.Continuously facing the ire of state government employees in the form of protests and anti-BJP statements for the past few days, the state BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpayi told TOI said that central leadership had been apprised of the opinions of the state BJP and workers and the resentment among the masses in the state over the bill.Before the bill was passed, Bajpayi had told TOI on Monday evening: \"BJP should not support the bill in the current form. It is not judicious.\" The Bill has resulted in largescale resentment among the people of the state, especially the state government employees. \"This was an attempt of BSP, Congress and SP to infuse caste division and tension in the country,\" Bajpayi had further said and exuded hope that the central leadership would adhere to the demand of state unit. But, it didn't happen ultimately.\"We are not against justice to the scheduled castes but that should not be at the cost of injustice with upper caste people,\" Bajpayi further told TOI and added that unlike the drama created by SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav by citing fear of the CBI, the state BJP has given some suggestions to the central leadership. \"If at all reservation and promotion Bill was to be passed it should have been done on the basis of ACR of employee and before promotion, examination should be conducted and then promotion should be done on the basis of merit. Besides, quota in promotion should not exceed 22%,\" Bajpayi said, adding \"else the bill should have been referred to the standing committee or to a full bench of the Supreme Court for its advice.\"Earlier, deputy leader of BJP in Vidhan Sabha Satish Mahana in an impromptu press conference had also expressed his reservation and had claimed that he has apprised the central leadership about his and party workers reservation against the bill. Calling his off-the-party line statement as a token protest, Mahana said even if it was passed, BJP didn't seem to gain from it and anyway it would be a loss for the BJP in UP if the central leadership supported the bill. Mahana, however, said that even then if the central leadership didn't pay heed, he won't go against the party.Similarly, BJP MP from Gorakhpur, Yogi Adityanath has also condemned the bill and has termed it \"unconstitutional\". Besides, leaders like Lalji Tandon, Vinay Katiyar and Kalraj Misra have stopped just short of opposing the bill. On the same line, former state BJP chief Surya Pratap Shahi, after being surrounded by slogan-shouting state government employees, had reportedly apprised the central leadership about his opposition to the bill.With division between state BJP and Central leadership now clear and wide, senior party leaders feel it would be difficult for the latter to ignore the voice of resentment of the former. After all, UP happens to be politically the most important state of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17659430", "title": "3 thefts reported at Calangute-Baga", "text": "CALANGUTE: With the tourist season nearing its peak, three incidents of robbery were reported along the Calangute-Baga beach belt during the last several days.Two tourists were robbed of their belongings in Calangute in separate incidents, while a two-wheeler belonging to a local resident was stolen at Baga.Margarette Ball, a British national residing at a resort in Calangute, was walking on a road just after midnight when an unknown person riding a two-wheeler snatched her bag and rode off before she could raise an alarm. The bag contained cash amounting to 365 British pounds, diamond rings, credit cards and train tickets among other articles all worth 84,506.In another incident last week, Shivender Kumar from Jaipur was allegedly robbed by waiters of a Calangute beach shack. Shivender went for a swim after handing over a bag containing two mobile phones and cash of 2,100, all worth 45,000, to the waiters identified as Yogesh and Jasprit Singh.On his return, he found that the two had disappeared with the bag containing his belongings. He then lodged a complaint with the Calangute police who have registered an offence and are conducting further investigations.In the third case, Marcus Gonsalves, a resident of Sautawada, Baga, lodged a complaint that on the intervening night of November 25 and 26, unknown culprits robbed his two-wheeler with the registration number GA-03-Q-5497 which was parked outside his house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17657510", "title": "Delhi tops rape tally among metros, states", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you have lived in different cities, you don't need statistics to tell you which is the most unsafe city for women in India. A look at the National Crime Records Bureau data confirms the worst fears about Delhi: 572 women were raped in the city last year as compared to 239 in Mumbai. To put it another way, despite having nearly two million more people than Delhi, Mumbai reported less than half the number of rape cases. Other metropolitan cities reported even fewer instances: 47 in Kolkata, 76 in Chennai, and 96 in Bangalore.Higher instances of crime against women in Delhi are often attributed to the influence of its neighbours. And yet, even among its neighbours, Delhi emerges as the worst. While Delhi had seven rape victims among one lakh females in 2011, Haryana had six, Rajasthan five, and Uttar Pradesh two.Among cities, taking into account the difference in population to arrive at the incidence of rape, the results remain as startling: for every one lakh women and girls, as compared to seven rape victims in Delhi, there were three in Mumbai and two in Bangalore and Chennai. Kolkata was the safest among the metropolitan cities with two rape victims for every three lakh women in 2011.These trends have remained unchanged over the last five years. Delhi has consistently held the top spot in the rape tally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17658030", "title": "Priyanka interacts withRae Bareli party workers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Keeping her date with Rae Bareli, Priyanka Gandhi was back in UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi's parliamentary constituency on Monday. Priyanka, who arrived in Rae Bareli late on Sunday night, spent all of Monday interacting with Congress workers at the nyay and gram panchayat levels.Congress sources said that the meetings, which went on till late on Monday evening, remained focused on restructuring the party organisation where Priyanka met party workers from Saraini, Bachrawan and Harchandpur blocks. On Tuesday, before flying back to New Delhi, Priyanka will also interact with party workers from Sadar and Unchahar blocks.This is the second time Priyanka has visited Rae Bareli. In November, she had undertaken the first of her two-day tours to Rae Bareli and had promised party workers that the Congress party would democratise its working style to involve more grass-roots level workers in decision-making processes. She had also assured workers who voiced their grievances about not having been heard in the past to make a fresh start. Officials in the party said Priyanka had met nearly 3,000 workers during her two-day visit.On Monday too, Priyanka's focus remained on strengthening the party, sending out clear indications that her responsibilities in party's hierarchy are on the rise. In November, Priyanka had promised she would not only return to Rae Bareli more often, but had also said she would interact more regularly with block-level workers of the party in New Delhi. Every second Wednesday, she had said, would be reserved for block and nyay panchayats while last Wednesdays of each month were earmarked for monitoring the status of all the complaints, suggestions and grievances received during the month.In the first stock-taking meetng since her last trip to her mother's parliamentary constituency, Priyanka also reiterated that MP Local Area Development funds would now be spent on developing areas that have remained neglected so far.On Tuesday, Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi will also undertake a day-trip to Amethi, his parliamentary constituency. Rahul, who had made a coordinated tour of Amethi when Priyanka visited last month, will also concentrate on strengthening the party at the grass-roots. Local Congress workers said Rahul will would meet workers from Tiloi and Bahadurpur blocks and address grievances.This is the second time Priyanka has visited the parliamentary constituency of Rae Bareli after the party was trounced during the UP assembly elections earlier this year. During her previous visit, Priyanka, usually known to interact freely with the masses, had shown an unwillingness to speak to the media, an act that was attributed to her discomfort over the Robert Vadra scandal that rocked the Gandhi family in October. Vadra was accused of entering into shady deals with the DLF group, charges which he had vehemently denied. Though the Congress party had been quick to come out in defence of Vadra, no member of the Gandhi family made any comments on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17659020", "title": "Red ribbon express chugs into Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Red Ribbon Express, special educational train on mission to spread awareness on HIV/AIDS, was made available for residents at the city railway station on Monday.The train was started by the Union health ministry to spread awareness about HIV/AIDS. A large number of residents, including children, visited the train which besides spreading awareness among the people is also aimed at warding off myths about HIV/AIDS. District family welfare officer Dr Maninder Singh said, \"The initiative received a good response as students from several schools, colleges and ASHA workers came to see the train and get first hand knowledge of HIV/AIDS. We have also organized nukkad nataks (street plays) to spread awareness and also the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM). We are also counselling people about the prevention and management of diseases.\"The train has seven coaches - four have exhibition material on HIV/AIDS, one has counsellors to guide residents, another is for training ASHA workers and NGO members about HIV/AIDS. The last one has a testing facility for HIV/AIDS test. \"A fully equipped blood donation van has also been stationed near Red Ribbon Express for people willing to donate blood,\" Dr Singh added.Ashu Garg, in charge of mobile blood van, said, \"Since morning till around 1pm, we have collected 25 units of blood. Around 20 jawans of ITBP also donated a unit of blood each.\"Mehak Malhotra, a Class IX student of KVM Civil Lines, said, \"We saw the HIV/AIDS coach and got to know many new things about the HIV/AIDS. I also got to know that an HIV positive person can live a healthy life by modifying his lifestyle.\" Manpreet Singh, a Class VIII of a government school, said, \"If people take preventive measures, AIDS can be avoided. The train informed us of preventive measures and I will share these with my peer.\"Here till WednesdayThe Red Ribbon express will remain at the Ludhiana Railway Station till Wednesday. Ludhiana is 152nd station of the Red Ribbon express in its journey of 163 stations of the country after it was flagged off from New Delhi on January 12, early this year. The train will reach Delhi back on January 12, 2013. The two Appus (mascots) - one with condoms printed on it and the other with the NRHM schemes on it were the highlight of the programme. The NGOs and district health authorities also had set up stalls at the railway station for creating awareness about the HIV/AIDS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17657573", "title": "No power cuts this summer: Energy minister Shobha Karandlaje", "text": "BANGALORE: If energy minister Shobha Karandlaje is to be believed, there will be no power cuts this summer.The power situation is good because of increase in generation and power purchase, she explained. Hence, there's no need to inconvenience people in the coming months, she added.Karnataka is purchasing 1,280 MW of power from other states and private players to meet the shortage. The government has planned to purchase an additional 200 MW from January to May to ensure adequate supply. The state's power consumption is estimated to reach 185 million units during the summer months, the minister said.Further, additional 500 MW power from Bellary Thermal Power Station will help ease the situation. Shobha said that power will be supplied in single phase throughout the night to help children study.The minister claimed the government is supplying to rural areas 12 hours of power in a single phase and six hours in three phases. \"There is no scheduled loadshedding in the state. Power disruptions could be due to technical problems\", Shobha added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17657511", "title": "ISC students worried as exams brought forward by 2 weeks", "text": "BANGALORE: The new schedule of the ISC (Class XII) exams, advanced by a good two weeks, is giving students and parents sleepless nights. With the preliminary examination concluding only by the end of January in many schools, students will have to reschedule their study timetable.Parents say the Council for Indian School Certificate Examinations should have announced the dates well in advance.\"Last year, we had sketched out a timetable for our son. He had a month's time for study after the pre-board examination. But this year, the pre-boards get over by the end of January and board exams begin in mid-February. It's bound to be stressful,\" says Kiruba Sundara Raj, a parent.\"The board should have made an announcement early to prepare students. We were intimated only three or four days ago. This examination is like a stepping stone for students to get into good colleges. But now, ISCE students will be at a disadvantage compared to CBSE students,'' complains Darshan Sheth, a parent.Though students are putting up a brave front, they are worried. \"I would've preferred the regular examination schedule, beginning March. Now we'll fall short of time by at least 15 days. But since we're preparing for the pre-boards, it should not be a problem,\" says Ritika Sharma, a commerce student appearing for ISC 2013.\"A lot depends on the subject. The first theory paper on February 14 is environmental science, which none of our students have taken. So in our school, the examination begins on February 19, the date for the next paper,\" says Indrani Sudarshan, education head, Ebenezer International School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17658995", "title": "Girl waiting for auto harassed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 23-year old call centre employee had a nightmarish experience on Sunday night, when she was sexually harassed by two youths going in a white coloured Verna. The car occupants also tried to kidnap her on the dividing road of sectors 44 and 45, but the attempt was foiled as passers-by came to her rescue. The victim lives in a paying guest accommodation in Zirakpur.The incident took place around 10.45pm, when the girl, who was returning from a friend's house in Sector 45, was waiting for an auto at the dividing road of sectors 44 and 45. The harassment went on for over 10 minutes and she was saved after passers-by stopped on hearing her screams. The car occupants then escaped after taking a U-turn, as the passers-by stopped but not before threatening the victim with dire consequences. In her statement to the police, the woman said, \"I was waiting for an auto when two youths in a white coloured car, who had seen me cross the road, came to me after taking a U-turn. One of the boys, who was sitting on the seat next to the driver, offered me a lift in an obscene manner but when I refused, the youth who was driving the car came out. He held my right hand and tried to push me into the vehicle.\"She also told the police that her friend had gone to the disco and that she only met her friend's family. Sources said the girl managed to note down the incomplete number of the car. The police control room received a call about the incident around 11pm.Inspector Diwan Singh, SHO of the Sector 34 police station, said, \"The victim was later handed over to the family members of her friend, who live in Sector 45. The girl suffered minor injuries in the incident. A case of attempt to kidnapping was registered. The incomplete number of the vehicle was mentioned too.\" He added, \"Investigations into the incident have begun.\"The woman belongs to Bathinda and had shifted to Zirakpur from Mohali around two months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "17658917", "title": "Six Naga rebels killed in factional fight", "text": "DIMAPUR: In a fresh factional clash between the warring factions of NSCN (Khaplang) and NSCN (Khole-Kivoti), six cadres belonging to both the factions were killed in Nagaland's Kiphire and Phek districts on Sunday.According to sources, two NSCN (K) members, identified as self-styled lieutenant Among and \"2nd lt\" Tholo Pochury, were shot dead by NSCN (Khole-Kitovi) cadres at Kiphire early on Sunday. Sources said NSCN (Khole-Kitovi) cadres attacked NSCN (K) members, who were camping at Nitoi village under Kiphire district to attend a volley ball championship, scheduled to be held from Monday in the village.NSCN (Khole-Kitovi) cadres also reportedly seized one M-21 rifle from the slain NSCN (K) members.The situation was brought under control after the intervention by district administration, police, public and paramilitary forces. Keeping in view the tense situation, the district administration had asked the organizers to cancel tournament.In another incident that took place at Meluri on Sunday afternoon, four cadres of NSCN (Khole-Kitovi) were captured and shot dead by NSCN (K) fighters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17658554", "title": "Quality Circle Forum of India convention begins at IIT-K", "text": "KANPUR: The three-day National Convention on Quality Concepts, organised by the Quality Circle Forum of India (QCFI), started at IIT-Kanpur on Monday with a formal inauguration ceremony at the auditorium ground in the evening. A colourful cultural event was held to set the mood of the QCFI members who had come from places far off.The dignatries of QCFI felicitated Prof Indranil Manna, Director, IIT-Kanpur, Prof Ashok Mittal of Industrial Management Engineering, IIT-Kanpur and senior members of QCFI.Earlier, a model exhibition was held in the auditorium ground where the QCFI delegates had put up their models to showcase the problems that occurred in it at some or the other stage and the solution with which the problem was solved. Huge rush turned up to see the exhibition.TOI production team from Ahmedabad, who also took part in the exhibition, were the winners of the Baroda Chapter of QCFI.The team which had put on display a model of a printing machine, was capable of saving paper which normally goes into waste in a printing press. Tushar Bakhda, senior manager, production, Ahmedabad Times of India informed that they had displayed a paper recovery model for waste reel ends. He said that this was done to showcase how resources can be used in a much better way.Bakhda said that innovative approach and many modifications in the printing machine resulted in producing reel ends of smaller diameter that have little layers of newsprint left on it. We brainstormed and innovated a rewinding mechanism that makes bigger size reel ends from small ends. Approximately, 9,486 kg newsprint could be recovered per year, he added.He concluded by saying that by doing so they could save Rs 2.09 lakh in last eight months. This practice has been adopted in Vejalpur Plant in Ahmedabad TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17658552", "title": "Legislator 'threatens' bureaucrat, again", "text": "RANCHI: Vishrampur MLA Chandra Shekhar Dubey alias Dadai Dubey allegedly threatened state urban development secretary Nitin Madan Kulkarni in his office chamber at the secretariat building last week, bringing to fore another instance of a people's representative misbehaving with a senior government official in Jharkhand.In the recent past, at least eight cases of legislators misbehaving with officials have come to light in the state. Some of the major cases included state HRD minister Baidyanath Ram allegedly thrashing an engineer in Latehar, Barkagaon legislator Yogendra Sao assaulting the general manager of the National Thermal Power Corporation and Godda MLA Sanjay Yadav beating up an IAS officer. JMM legislator Paulus Surine had lost his cool and allegedly thrashed an assistant sub-inspector when his vehicle was stopped near Ratu roundabout a few months back.The state urban development secretary in a letter to the chief secretary said the legislator had allegedly threatened him on December 13. Kulkarni has also requested the chief secretary to intervene in the matter.Both the state chief secretary and urban development secretary were not available for comments.A senior official said the legislator was targeting the urban development secretary as he was also the in-charge of state housing department. \"Kulkarni has recently refused to allot a house to the MLA in Dhanbad. He rejected the request because Dubey is an MLA from Palamu and technically he cannot get a house in Dhanbad. He had gone to his office on December 13 to humiliate and threaten him to get his work done by creating pressure,\" said a source.Dubey, however, denied the charges. \"The allegations levelled by the secretary are baseless and he is trying to present a story to save himself from a privilege motion in assembly. On that day (December 13) I had just warned him to bring a privilege motion in the assembly after he refused to hear my grievances related to formation of municipality by including rural areas of Vishrampur and Majhigaon. He was not ready to listen anything even after my repeated request that including rural area in the municipality will be against the interest of poor people of my constituency,\" Dubey said adding that if the IAS officer could prove that he threatened him on December 13 he would resign from the assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17658051", "title": "Man attacks CA student mistaking her for estranged wife", "text": "MUMBAI: Matunga police arrested a farmer from Ratnagiri for allegedly stabbing a final-year student of chartered accountancy on Monday. Sonal Lapashiya (25) was attacked at around 8.45am when she was standing at a bus stop near Swami Narayan Mandir in Dadar (east), allegedly by Vijay Sangelkar (35), who mistook her to be his estranged wife.Police said constable Sanjay Rane, who was in the area when the incident occurred, rushed to the spot and saw Vijay standing with a blood-soaked sickle while the victim was lying on the road. Vijay learnt he had attacked the wrong person only when Rane removed the scarf from Sonal's face.Vijay confessed that he attacked the victim seconds after he saw her walking out of Dadar station. \"It was a case of mistaken identity. He got confused on seeing the victim wearing a salwar-kameez similar to what his wife wore the previous day. He attacked the victim without seeing her face which was covered with a scarf,\" said Matunga police senior inspector Suresh Parab.The victim, who was attacked with a sickle on her head, throat, shoulder and hand, has temporary memory loss and will require multiple surgeries to get back on her feet.Sonal was rushed to Sion Hospital, where doctors who knew her brother, also a doctor, informed him of the incident. She was later shifted to Bombay Hospital in Marine Lines. Her brother told TOI that she suffered partial memory loss due to her head injury and seemed to remember nothing about the incident. Police, however, said the victim gave a brief statement saying, \"I was waiting to catch a bus to go to a library in Matunga to prepare for my CA subjects when an unknown man attacked me from behind.\"He said Sonal sustained grievous injury to her head. \"She has a skull fracture and part of her brain is exposed. She also has a jaw bone fracture,\" he said. The attacker also left her with deep cuts on the throat that are obstructing her food and wind pipe, besides deep wounds on her left hand leaving the bone exposed.Vijay, who hails from Mukham Post in Sawantwadi, reached Mumbai on Sunday morning to kill his wife Vaishali (27). The couple had been separated since 2009, and he was depressed after his family members maintained a distance from him after they were arrested for dowry harassment in 2009 on his wife's complaint. They were later acquitted in the case.\"Vijay wanted to kill his wife on Sunday and called her to meet him at Nallasopara station. But he failed to attack her as she came with their four-year-old son. Then he asked her to meet him at Dadar station on Monday for one last time before he took the train from Diva junction,\" said deputy commissioner of police (Zone IV) Dattatray Karale.Parab said the accused confessed that had he confirmed the identity of the victim, he would not have attacked her. \"He bought the sickle on Sunday afternoon at Andheri before heading towards Nallasopara. On seeing his son with his wife, he asked her wife to come with him alone but she refused, so he planned to kill her the next day,\" he said.Investigators said Vijay plotted to kill his wife after he spent over Rs 3 lakh to fight the dowry harassment case filed against him and his family and also faced maintenance claims from her.He has now been booked under IPC section 307 (attempt to murder) and will be produced before the Bhoiwada court on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17658448", "title": "Cong rejects BJP\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s demand for suspending talks with Pak", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress rejected Opposition BJP's demand for suspending talks with Pakistan, arguing the party is in favour of a composite dialogue as having any \"hostile\" attitude is not a solution.While the ruling party argued for engaging neighbouring country, it also attacked Pakistani interior minister Rehman Malik for misleading India on the arrest of 26/11 terror attack mastermind Hafiz Saeed.\"We have to talk to them. There has to be discussions. We should continue to talk in spite of all the differences ....Suspending talks or having hostile attitude is not a solution,\" AICC Spokesman P C Chacko told reporters.The Congress's statement came amid rising clamour from BJP for suspending talks with Pakistan.The party said that India had suspended its dialogue with Pakistan after the Mumbai terror attacks, however, it should continue as suspending talks is not a solution. \"We will continue to convince Pakistan on the 26/11 evidence,\" Chacko said.The party spokesman echoed the government's view on Mallik, saying visiting foreign dignitary had \"not done his home work\".He replied in the affirmative when asked whether Congress is for a composite dialogue with Pakistan.Noting that the papers supplied by Pakistan on the arrest of JuD chief Hafiz Saeed did not support the arguments of Malik, Chako said that it showed that the Pakistan minister had \"not done his home work\" and his \"unsubstantiated allegations proved wrong\".He said that the party shares the government's view that the process of talks with Pakistan should continue despite \"all setbacks and wrong claims\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17658962", "title": "Railways imposes Rs 500 fine for spitting on platforms", "text": "MUMBAI: The railways has decided to levy fines of up to Rs 500 from those who spit on platforms or litter or deface walls on railway premises. The railway ministry has empowered station masters/managers and ticket collectors to collect the amounts.The ministry has issued a notification of rules on the prohibition of activities affecting cleanliness and hygiene on railway premises. The notification\u00e2\u20ac\u201dbrought out on November 26\u00e2\u20ac\u201dalso specifies penalties for violating the rules. According to it, no person shall in any occupied or unoccupied railway premises or carriages (except in authorized places): throw or deposit litter; cook, bathe, spit, urinate or defecate; feed animals or birds; repair or wash vehicles; wash utensils or clothes or any other objects; store personal objects; paste posters on walls; deface walls or train compartments. By authorized places, the railways means lavatories, waste baskets and locker rooms.The railway ministry has asked authorized vendors and hawkers to arrange for containers for waste collection and to ensure their disposal.\"Till now, Indian Railways did not have specific rules on civic sense, and offenders were booked under provisions of the Railways Act,\" said a senior railway officer. \"But by notifying cleanliness and sanitation rules, the railways have made station masters and ticket collectors responsible for maintaining cleanliness at stations and on trains.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17657068", "title": "No Chinese incursions from Indo-Bhutan border: Sashastra Seema Bal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sashastra Seema Bal (SSB) has denied reports of Chinese incursions being made from the Indo-Bhutan border.\"As far as China is concerned, this border has not been used very frequently... We have not got any trace of China using this border. It will use the Myanmar border or Arunachal border for coming in. But not this border,\" SSB chief Arun Chaudhary said when asked about instances of Chinese encroachment from the Indo-Bhutan border.The SSB also plans to recruit more and more people from bordering areas, he said. \"There is a plan to recruit people from border areas. We will try to increase representation of people from border areas such as Arunachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand in the force. We want people to come in large number from such areas,\" the DG said.He said recruitment will be done as per the government procedure and there will be no relaxation of qualification criteria. Of the total of 65,594 posts (including combatised and non-combatised), 49,734 have been filled. The SSB plans to increase its strength to over 93,000 by March, 2015.When asked about the attrition in the force, the DG said the percentage of personnel leaving was low. \"Attrition is a problem. Everybody wants to be cushy in his job. Most of the paramilitary forces have hard jobs. Jobs which are done in tough areas. The problem of attrition is there in other forces also. Similarly, there is a problem of attrition in our force also. The percentage is absolutely low,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17659433", "title": "Panel to seek 60 TMC water for Marathwada", "text": "AURANGABAD: People's Water Commission, floated by the National Alliance of People's Movement leader Medha Patkar, would ask chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to ensure that Marathwada gets its due share of 10 % water from the Maharashtra Krishna Valley Development Corporation projects.``Activists will meet Chavan in Nagpur on Tuesday. Issues related to equitable sharing of water will be discussed. Later, a representation asking the government to take a firm stand on regional imbalance in allocation of water will be made,'' said Vijay Diwan, technical member of the Marathwada Development Corporation.Diwan said a number of senior bureaucrats, former engineers, experts and activists are members of the commission. They include Medha Patkar, Vijay Paranjape, Pradeep Purandare, Satish Bingare and Oak (former chief engineer of irrigation department).'Diwan, who left for Nagpur to attend the people's water commission meeting, told TOI on Monday that 10 per cent of Krishna Valley area is covered by Beed and Osmanabad districts in Marathwada region. Krishna Valley project was meant to harvest 600 TMC water.Accordingly, the region should get 60 TMC water for Beed and Osmanabad districts, which was agreed upon in the project. However, till today the region has not received even a single TMC under the Krishna Valley project. Most of the water is harvested by Western Maharashtra, he added.``When Vilasrao Deshmukh was the chief minister, the government agreed in 2004 to give 21 TMC water from Krishna Valley project to Beed and Osmanabad districts, but it has not yet materialized. When Jayakwadi dam was constructed on Godavari, it was to store 103 TMC and maximum 110 TMC was to be harvested by upstream dams. But now, 196 TMC is harvested in Ahmednagar and Nasik districts, and that is the reason Jayakwadi was not getting committed water,\" he said.Patkar and other members of the commission would ask Chavan to initiate a thorough inquiry into the irregularities in Maharashtra's irrigation projects and culprits be brought to justice, he said. \"We would also urge the government to take a firm stand on regional imbalance in allocation of water and completion of irrigation projects,\" Diwan said.He said, \"We oppose a blanket provision to shelve all small and medium irrigation projects on whom less than 25 % expenditure was incurred. Instead the government should examine the projects on their merit before cancelling them. Many fall in Marathwada region.\"He added that there were many projects introduced for political convenience of a particular leader. \"For instance, the Khunte Phal- Punde reservoir was being constructed inside the backwater of an older dam - Mehkari Tank in Ashti taluka of Beed district, contrary to norms. Another project, in Beed district, was coming up at Satra Potra. It was sanctioned for a particular area, but now is being constructed at another place, under political compulsions. Then divisional commissioner Bhaskar Munde had initiated an inquiry, but he was transferred,\" Diwan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17658453", "title": "'70% deaths due to non-communicable diseases by 2020'", "text": "BHOPAL: By 2020, about 70 per cent of all deaths would be due to non-communicable diseases in the country, according to the experts attending a research methodology workshop at All India institute of medical sciences (AIIMS) Bhopal here on Monday. Those with heart ailments, diabetes , blood pressure and stroke would be vulnerable.\"Non-communicable diseases are increasing at an alarming rate. Mere treatment is not the cure. Community intervention through research is needed,\" said retired AIIMS (Delhi) professor S K Kapoor. \"Focus on prevention of non-communicable diseases has been lacking in planning by government,\" he added.Speaking in favour of clinical drug trials, the veteran community medicine specialist said, \"Indian Council for Medical Research (ICMR) has set clear the ethical guidelines for drug trials which needs to be regulated and enforced for betterment of medical research,\" he added.According to organizers, some 80 doctors are participating in the five-day conference on research methodology. Professor of epidemiology in the department of community medicine at Mahatma Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences (Warda) Pradeep Deshmukh said research finding are often not implemented in treatment. \"Research is a continuous process and funding has increased over the years. However, implementation of research is still an area where we lack focus.\"\"The effect of non-communicable diseases on urban population is significantly higher as compared to the rural population. As a result, the exorbitant expenditure in urban areas is growing and private sector has to be involved in research,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17658748", "title": "Auto-driver held with pistols and explosives", "text": "RAIPUR: In a breakthrough on monday, an auto-driver was held with country pistols and many other weapons at Rajbandha maidan area.The fact that the city's auto-drivers have been involved in different sorts of crime has been known for a long time. However, the recent arrest is bound to give more leads to the police to crack the nexus.The accused identified as Sheikh Jaffer, 32, is a resident of Moudhapara. Police said that his name was registered in many police stations of the city being involved in various crimes. Acting on a tip-off when crime branch found Shekh at Rajbandha maidan, they checked his auto and found the pistols and explosives. Based on the interrogation police had with Shekh, it is said that Shekh is the brother of famous goon Chota Annu, who died about six months ago at the Sambalpur jail. Shekh told police that it was Chota Annu who gave him the weapons and explosives to keep safe.Police said that there were many cases of loot and theft with passengers, against Shekh. When the police caught him, he had a pistol tucked in his trouser which indicated that he was a criminal.Crime branch in-charge, Shweta Sinha said that it is a well known fact that auto-drivers in city have become miscreants against which several complaints have been lodged.She has warned the auto-drivers to beware and get their number plates clean and clear so that they are readable. Maximum number of auto-rickshaws have their number plates damaged or dirty so that they are not easily readable, and provides for an easy escape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17659702", "title": "Umesh\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s plea for stay on criminal case dismissed", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice K C Bhanu of the AP high court on Monday dismissed the plea filed by senior IPS officer and chairman of Godavari Valley Development Authority Umesh Kumar who sought a stay on the criminal case that is currently going on in a criminal court in Hyderabad and also the replacement of the additional public prosecutor Vyjayanthi. Rejecting both the pleas, the judge declined to interfere in the trial court proceedings as well as in the matter of the additional public prosecutor.Umesh is facing a forgery case where in it was stated that he was instrumental in sending a forged letter to the Union home ministry in the name of a Congress MP making serious allegations against state DGP V Dinesh Reddy.Umesh, in his petition seeking replacement of Vyjayanthi , said that she was acting with a sole intention of defaming him and raising irrelevant issues in the trial court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "17658579", "title": "12-day NIA custody for alleged Samjhauta bomber", "text": "PANCHKULA: The national investigation agency (NIA) special court on Monday remanded Rajender Chaudhary alias Pehalwan, a key accused in the Samjhauta Express blast, in 12-day NIA custody till December 28.Chaudhary, who is also an accused in Hyderabad's Mecca Masjid blast case, was arrested by NIA from Ujjain in Madhya Pradesh on Saturday and labeled as the man who planted bombs on the train.While seeking remand, the NIA told the court in Panchkula that Chaudhary had needed to be taken back to Ujjain and New Delhi as part of investigations.\"Custody of Chaudhary is required for conducting raids along with him in Ujjain, Indore and Delhi and other places and his disclosure during the interrogation would also be tallied with disclosure statements of earlier arrested accused in Samjhuta Express blast case.\"The special court rejected a defence application for Chaudhary's interrogation only in the presence of his counsels.While being taken into the court Chaudhary told reporters, \"Yes I had planted the bombs in the Samjhauta train. I was there.\" However, 20 minutes later, when he was being brought out of the court, he made a U-turn saying \"I am being framed by the NIA. Whatever I said earlier was because I was forced to say that by the NIA officers.\"On February 18, 2007, 68 people were killed in two blasts in the Samjhauta Express near Dewana railway station in Panipat in Haryana.A senior NIA official told TOI Chaudhary had around eight fictitious names and wanted by the agency for over one-and-half years. He is a B.Com graduate from a university in MP and had also cleared the preliminary test for the Madhya Pradesh Civil Services (MPCS) six years back, said the official. He married in 2003 and has two kids.His father, Vikram Singh , who was present in the court, said people started calling his son Pehalwan after he won silver medal in National School Games in Ghaziabad in 1996.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17659642", "title": "Nagpur netizens using FB to ridicule winter session", "text": "NAGPUR: \"These legislators are here on a picnic. When they find time, some business will be conducted.\" This Facebook post describes the changing trend and the frustration of common people over the annual event which gives Nagpur its title of Second Capital.Social networking sites are now agog with opinions and comments on the worthlessness of holding the State Legislature session in the city. The once pent up feelings of many denizens have now become vocal and eloquent on this platform.\"These clowns come in for 15 days, disrupt normal routine, use government resources, overwork the police and mess up traffic...\" is a post by Aditya Saraf, which invited 27 comments all agreeing with him.\"I had gone to the railway station to drop my mother and it was a nightmare,\" says this engineering student about the manner in which traffic goes for a toss during this time.What further creates derision is that these 15 days are also the most unproductive ones for the government. \"Our legislators paid tributes to some deceased politicians for five to six hours on the first day. Even though condolences last only for an hour the House is adjourned for the day. If our leaders want to express grief let them do it on Sunday,\" is a post by a political watcher. A comment to this says it all. \"Work from them? U r expecting too much. Nagpur session is a winter vacation, guess nobody works during vacation.\"The defacement of the city by the so called admirers of these politicians who have put up banner and posters has also invited ridicule. \"Illegal posters n banners make the city ugly as some idiots welcome goons frm all over the state,\" is another post which invites caution. \"I know u r gutsy but pl be careful with your posts...\".\"Expressing themselves on Facebook is the last option left with the helpless public as nobody else is listening,\" feels businessman Nitin Gopalani, who too has posted comments.\"Now there is fear that posts against powers that be could get you in trouble so people are being careful,\" he says. \"These are the true feelings. I feel such expressions can have a positive impact for they can force the government to be more result oriented,\" feels city businessman Nikhil Bajoria.\"I was in the House on the third day of the Session and was shocked to see the behaviour of the members. They were quarrelling over a comment passed by a politician. There was neither any connect or concern for the city or the region where they had gathered,\" says Saket Moon a student of Political Science who feels that people's angst is justified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17659550", "title": "Another community in Haryana plans anti-feticide campaign", "text": "ROHTAK: The Prajapat community of Haryana's Mahendergarh district, which recorded the lowest child sex ratio in the country in the 2011 census, has announced to socially boycott families found involved in committing female feticide.Representatives of 170 villages of the community have also decided to launch a \"save the girl child\" campaign, during a meeting held in Nangal Chaudhary village of Mahendergarh district on Sunday.With 788 girls per 1,000 boys, Mahendergarh district had earned notoriety for being at the bottom of the child sex ratio chart in the country in 2011 census.Joginder Singh , pradhan of Nangal Chaudhary block of Prajapat Samaaj, said that the community had been facing the consequences of low sex ratio as marriageable youths were of late finding it difficult to find brides.\"This has become a social evil. The community has therefore decided to tackle the problem by reforming the community from within,\" he said.Singh said that they reached a unanimous decision to boycott families found guilty of resorting to pre-natal sex selection and foeticide.To ensure keeping track of pregnant women , another meeting of the community leaders is scheduled for January 11, in which village level committees will be formed.\"These committees would launch campaigns in their respective villages against the evils of female foeticide, dowry, expensive marriages, addiction and liquor consumption,\" said Singh.Rameshwar Dayal, another member, said that the community had already banned dowry in marriages, which has been quite effective in curbing the menace.\"The community has already decided not to have any social relation with families which demand or receive dowry. I hope the campaign against female foeticide too would get good response\".The 2011 census served as a wake-up call for people in the district, which got the dubious distinction of the district with worst sex ratio, followed by another Haryana district, Jhajjar.Another community - Vaish -- too had started a campaign last year against female feticide and extravagant weddings which put financial burden on the bride's family as youngsters of this community too were at the receiving end due to non-availability of brides, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17659454", "title": "1,163 cataract surgeries performed in a day", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Lions Club of Aurangabad Icons conducted free cataract operations for 1,163 patients on Sunday in Aurangabad, Nandurbar, Jalgaon, Bhusaval, Dhule, Nanded, Latur, Udgir and Khamgaon.The patients were invited for various eye check-up camps and screened. Of these 1,163 patients were told to undergo the surgery. The expenses were borne by the association. President of the Aurangabad Opthalmology Association Santosh Agarwal said all the procedures were followed. District activity chairperson Sandeep Malu made arrangements for equipment such as lenses.Earlier, the association had screened 2,836 patients between November 2 and November 10 and found 298 affected patients. They were sent to Pune by bus where they were operated upon. President of the association Piyush Sinha said, \"It was a big challenge for us. We are planning to perform 20,000 cataract operations in a year staring from January 1, 2013.\"A corporate sponsor had assured them financial assistance. \"We are planning to organise camps in the adjoining districts of Aurangabad. We will achieve the 20,000 operations mark in the next year,\" he said.Sinha said to identify patients suffering from cataract, a large number of patients had to be screened. \"We get one cataract patient from ten people visiting the camp. This means that if we want to perform 20,000 operation in 2013, we will have to examine 2 lakh persons. We will achieve the target,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17657848", "title": "For free tests scheme, govt may need more lab technicians", "text": "JAIPUR: For introducing free basic diagnostic services scheme in the state from April 7, there would be requirement of lab technicians, equipment and also proper infrastructure.For successful implementation of the scheme, Rajasthan Medical Service Corporation (RMSC) has directed all the chief medical health officers (CMHOs) for gap analysis of equipment and annual demand of essential laboratory reagents and consumables.At the Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital's central laboratory, a large number of patients come for various kinds of test as long queues of patients can be seen daily. Now, SMS hospital administration is planning to construct a separate floor at Dhanwantari building for opening a bigger laboratory. But it may take some time.The CMHOs of various districts claimed that by providing free diagnostic tests, it would further increase the number of tests conducted daily in government hospitals. They claimed that for providing better services, there is a requirement of a large number of lab technicians.A video conference of health minister AA Khan with senior health department officials was held on Monday. Khan directed the officials to step up efforts for making free diagnostic tests in government hospitals.However, the free diagnostic facilities will not be made available at community health centres (CHC), primary health centre (PHC) and sub centres. A department official said that free diagnostic facilities would be launched in these places in the next phase. The department has already started preparation for the launch of the scheme at the CHC, PHC and sub centres. The health department has sought the requirement of equipment and human resource.The official said that the government has plans to introduce three tests including hemoglobin, urine for albumin and sugar, urine pregnancy tests. At PHCs, 15 tests and at CHC level 26 tests are proposed to be launched free of cost for the patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17659752", "title": "BSY asks loyalists to resign, spooks Shettar", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa has made his first move . After making statements that he won't topple the Jagadish Shettar government , the KJP president is now giving the government nervous moments by asking his loyalist ministers to resign in small groups .During one of his meetings , Yeddyurappa is said to have asked ministers MP Renukacharya and Murugesh R Nirani to get ready to resign from the cabinet . The alert from the Lingayat strongman comes after the BJP, particularly state unit president KS Eshwarappa , challenged him to pull down the government .\"I doubt chief minister Jagadish Shettar will present the budget as this government may not last till the budget session . I doubt the survival of the government because of recent political developments ,\" Yeddyurappa said on Monday , hinting that he may ask his ministers to resign anytime soon .It's a game he is playing slowly and deliberately , but whether he wins is yet to be seen . Though he's started pressurizing his men , none of the ministers seem to be interested in resigning . Loyals like CM Udasi , Basavaraj Bommai , Nirani and Renukacharya are said to have told him they have unfinished tasks to complete and would resign only in the last week of January .According to a minister in the Yeddyurappa camp , January-end or the first week of February would be ideal timing , as the election notification is likely to be issued during the second week of February .Yeddyurappa , though , maintained that he would not make any attempt to destabilize Shettar's government . '' I want the government to continue , but the recent political developments and behaviour of some BJP leaders may result in destabilization of the government ,'' he maintained .When contacted , Eshwarappa reiterated his statement , daring Yeddyurappa to topple the government . He, however , said the party has not yet decided to take action against the rebel MLAs who shared the dais with Yeddyurappa at the Haveri KJP convention . The core team is expected to meet once all leaders return from their district tours .In an effort to identify candidates for the assembly polls due next year , the party has constituted five teams , headed by Eshwarappa , Shettar , HN Ananth Kumar , Ashoka and DV Sadananda Gowda . '' The teams will complete their tours by Decemberend and candidates for all 224 assembly segments will be finalized by January-end ,'' Eshwarappa said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "ranastalam (srikakulam)", "code": "17658832", "title": "Anti-Kovvada relay hunger stir from today", "text": "RANASTALAM (SRIKAKULAM): The agitation against the Kovvada nuclear plant in Srikakulam is all set to intensify with protesters going on relay hunger strikes from Tuesday. Plans are also afoot to besiege the national highway and carry out massive protests at the district collectorate against the plant.According to the agitators, the people of Kovvada, Tekkali and Ramachandrapuram have chalked out the fresh phase of protests to pressurise the government to meet their demands. Bharat Swabhiman Trust, Srikakulam wing president Swamy Srinivasananda alleged that the government had gone against the people's wishes. \"People have been opposing the plant for the past two decades and three mandals in and around Kovvada have already passed resolutions against the plant. Even the zilla parishad meeting had passed a resolution against it. Despite of all these opposing voices, the government is trying to set up the plant at the cost of the people's lives,\" another leader Gorle Lakshmana alleged.The central government meanwhile is likely to hold a public hearing in a month or two for the proposed 6000 MW nuclear power plant at Kovvada area in Ranasthalam mandal of Srikakulam district with an estimated cost of Rs 1.5 lakh crore. The government recently issued GO No 42 announcing land acquisition in Kovvada, Gudem Kottapalem, Ramachandrapuram, Tekkali and Jeeru Kovvada of Ranasthalam mandal. According to the GO, the government would acquire 1916.27 acres of land, including 604.12 acres of private land, 52.89 acres of village site, 495.76 acres of assigned land and 763.51 acres of poramboke lands, excluding the village site or D Patta land. An estimated 2000 households with a population of 8000 are expected to be displaced by the project.The support of fishermen from across other mandals would be sought to intensify the protest till the government cancels the GO, local leaders said.HC seeks govt reply on action taken in Sompeta firing caseThe AP high court on Monday directed the state government to inform it within two weeks the action taken on those responsible for the death of two persons and injuries to several others who were agitating against the private thermal power plant coming up in Beela of Sompeta mandal in Srikakulam district on July 14, 2010.The bench comprising chief justice Pinaki Chandra Ghose and justice Vilas V Afzalpurkar told this to advocate general A Sudarsan Reddy while hearing a plea by V V Krishna Rao and two others of Srikakulam district who were seeking a CBI probe into the police firing on that day. P Ravi Teja , counsel for the petitioner, charged the police with acting at the behest of private vested interests. The people of the area were opposing the thermal plant being constructed by Nagarjuna Construction Company ( NCC ) as it \"would destroy their flora and fauna apart from depleting the agricultural fields and water resources,\" the petitioner said.The petitioners sought a CBI probe into the role of government officials in recommending Sompeta area for setting up the plant. The HC bench has posted the case to the second week of January for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17657641", "title": "Power corporation to shell out Rs 1.7 crore to save black bucks", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Among the upcoming power projects in the Trans-Ganga and Trans-Yamuna area to bring relief to the power-starved state, is one that is being constructed at Meja by Meja Urja Nigam (a joint venture of National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) and the state government), which is going to serve another purpose-of protecting the Indian black buck.Spread in an area of around 300 hectares in and around Chand Khamaria village of the Meja Tehsil, Meja power corporation has joined hands with district forest office of the social forestry division of Allahabad and signed a MOU wherein the nigam would donate for the cause an amount of over Rs 1.70 crore over the next five years. The MOU was signed by chief executive officer (CEO) Meja Urja Nigam Vinod Sharma and DFO Allahabad, Ashok Dikshit.Public relation officer (PRO) of the nigam Vijay Kumar said a sanctuary for conserving blackbucks would be developed in Chand Kamaria, a village 10 km away from the power project site. The corporation will donate Rs 1,72,32,76 over the next five years for development work like tree plantation, construction of ponds, pump houses, watch towers, etc.The unique project was planned around two years back by the district forest department, while the implementing part is with the NTPC , which has agreed in principal to provide the funds needed. The sanctuary, which would come up around 60 kilometer from Allahabad towards Mirzapur, will have the entire infrastructure including bricked fencing of the entire area, artificial water holes for the black bucks, salt licks, a rest house, etc. The entire area of 300 hectares under Gram Samaj and 35 hectare of forest department, has a total population of around 350 black bucks. The endangered species has migrated from some other areas and has been spotted in this particular region for the past five years and its population has increased substantially in the past couple of years.Sources inform that the number of black bucks is increasing in almost all areas including Gaderia block which had none of this endangered species till two years back. Around five of the deer were spotted last year and the population went up to around 40 this year. Chand Khagaria alone has over 200 black bucks which are considered auspicious by villagers who render the best service towards conservation of this endangered species by restricting their killing. The ocular estimation (which is done by sighting and counting the subject), which is first of its kind in estimating the population of this species in the region, shows that their number has increased multi-fold. With the signing of MoU, the upcoming sanctuary would be establishing conducive conditions for their growth in large numbers letting them venture in the open pastures and hilly terrains of the area. Likewise, the entire area will see numerous water holes in the form of ponds. Given a permanent and safe source of water, the species does not need to migrate, said the officer. Similarly, salt licks (bricks containing salt) would also be placed all over the area to take care of the salt deficiency found in this tender animal.Pointedly, Indian black buck (scientific name being is Antilope cervicapra) is also known by a number of other names like Kala Hiran , Sasin, Iralai Maan and Krishna Jinka. Found in various parts Indian subcontinent and Nepal, grass forms the staple diet of the blackbucks however they do eat pods, flowers and fruits as supplements.While signing the MOU, Vinod Sharma said that harmony between man and its environment is the essence for a healthy life and growth. MUNPL is an environment friendly power project, leaving no stone unturned to protect the environment. \"We all know Black Buck is an highly endangered species and in this connection we are going to save Black buck in Chand Kamaria village area and Black Buck also holds the cultural importance in Hinduism and Buddhism\", said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17659477", "title": "Student hits hoarding, dies", "text": "MYSORE: A second PU student died after his bike rammed into a concrete signboard near Corporation Bank Circle in Vijayanagar II Stage here on Monday.Vikram Prakash, 18, was a student of Vijaya Vittala College. The incident happened when Vikram was on the way to attend tuition in Kuvempunagar around 6.30am from his house in Hebbal. He lost control over the bike and rammed into a signboard. An injured Vikram was then taken to a private hospital, where he was declared brought dead. VV Puram traffic police have registered a case.4 HELD FOR KILLING WOMANMysore district police on Monday arrested four youths in connection with a murder of a woman.Lakshmamma was murdered at her house in Ontipalya Bore in Hunsur town on December 4. Her house was looted. Police had formed a team to trace the miscreants.SP R Dileep claimed to have solved the case with the arrest of Puneeth and Vishnu of H D Kote and Kumar and Bhagwan of Nanjangud.They first arrested Puneeth after following up a lead. Then they rounded up the remaining three. The accused are also wanted in a robbery case reported in Mysore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17658578", "title": "India have lost the invincible halo even in their own den", "text": "The decline of the Indian team began after the 2011 World Cup and has continued till date though there have been occasional spells of success, against teams like New Zealand and West Indies.The first hint that the team lacked the killer instinct came in the Roseau Test against West Indies. Needing 180 to win off 47 overs, India didn't show any urgency to go for the target and clinch the three-Test series 2-0.When the Test was abandoned, as many as 15 overs still remained with India needing 86. Coach Duncan Fletcher defended the tactics and claimed that the series had been \"good preparation for the England series\".What happened in England need not be repeated here. Later, when West Indies came visiting, the hosts were poised to effect a clean sweep in the three-Test series, needing 243 to win in Mumbai in November 2011.But, the illustrious batting line-up made a mess of the 243-run chase and from the comfort of 224 for 6, there came a point where India were playing to save the Test against modest opposition.This was just before the ill-fated Australian tour which saw another 4-0 annihilation.A fan demands fight and courage from the team and is not baying for victory all the time. India did not show it in England and Australia. They allowed the rivals to pack them off without even a whimper.The lack of intent had a major role to play in the reversals, other than lack of skills to match top-quality opponents.By contrast, England came to India as underdogs, lost the first Test heavily but fought their way back in stirring fashion and eventually proved to be the superior side, that too by a mile.The redemption song India were supposed to sing never materialised.The Tendulkar conundrumIt's obvious that the maestro is in the autumn of his glorious career. He has been the pre-eminent cricketer of his generation. However, every player has a shelf life and it's high time Tendulkar takes a call, ideally after consulting the team management and the selectors.The hype around Tendulkar's retirement has been an undesirable distraction for the Indian squad, caused by our obsession with stars and not the team.The benchmark for any player, big or small, to continue in the team has to be performance as defined by team objectives. If this yardstick is applied, Tendulkar has been found wanting in the last year or so.He failed abjectly in England and Australia and has been unconvincing even at home. It's highly unlikely that he will rediscover his best touch now, especially on foreign soil against top teams.What about the old guard?Other than Tendulkar, questions will also have to be asked about the future of seniors like Virender Sehwag and Zaheer Khan . Just like Tendulkar, it's difficult to see Sehwag scoring big runs against good opposition on foreign shores any more.He can still be devastating on flat tracks, but will that serve the cause of the team in the long run? His fielding betrays his attitude \u00e2\u20ac\u201d he allows snicks to go between his legs while standing at slips.He doesn't crouch or bend, is not agile enough in the outfield, but doesn't seem to mind a miss here or there. This happy-go-lucky mindset has served him well over the years.But now, when his bat is failing, and the team is floundering, his overall contribution will be under the microscope.Zaheer is a big embarrassment in the field and his suspect fitness makes one wonder if he can come back into the team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17657090", "title": "Ghaziabad residents demand Lift Act for UP-NCR", "text": "GHAZIABAD: After a life malfunctioned again in Indirapuram, endangering two lives, residents have demanded that the UP government immediately enact a Lift Act for the state. Residents have written to Ghaziabad Development Authority to emulate the Delhi government and adopt the Bombay Lift Act, 1939, for UP.The RWA Federation of Ghaziabad wants inspectors to be appointed for carrying periodic checks of lifts and granting of fitness certificates. GDA claims to have started the process of formulating a policy for installation and maintenance of lifts. \"After studying different provisions of such Acts, a draft, customized for Ghaziabad, will be prepared and sent to the state government ,\" said Santosh Yadav, vice chairman, GDA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17658272", "title": "Return of Thaslim Sheik", "text": "KOCHI: Thaslim Sheik departed a few months ago in an unfortunate accident in Bangalore. But Thaslim, the son of Ernakulam district collector Sheik Pareeth, will stage a 'come back' for his friends and relatives on Tuesday at the Kochi International Film Festival, where a short film in which he played the hero will be screened.Thaslim completed the filming of 'The Perfect Raga' a few a days before the accident in March. The film is being exhibited for the public for the first time. The theme of the film, made by his friends at Tata Consultancy Service, Bangalore where he was an engineer, revolves around stress among IT professionals and their relationship with their families. Making a film was the brain child of Thaslim. His colleagues later associated themselves with the project.The lead character played by Thaslim has clashes with his parents. There's also an office romance. The director of the film, made under the banner of Spark Productions, is Sunder Nagarathnam. The story is by Shipin Paul. Sonali portrays the heroine.Thaslim was active in cultural programmes at Kollam Infant Jesus Anglo-Indian school and later at TKM Engineering College. On March 15, Thaslim met with an accident near Krishnagiri on the Bangalore-Krishnagiri national highway. He was admitted to a private hospital but succumbed to injuries the next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17659141", "title": "Mayor inaugurates renovated art gallery", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Mayor A K Premajam inaugurated the new air-conditioned art gallery at a function held at Town Hall on Monday.The mayor also inaugurated the painting exhibition of 120 artists organized at the gallery as part of the inaugural function.Addressing the gathering mayor said the civic body will soon open the Anakulam cultural centre to the artists. She also handed over the key and document of the art gallery to Lalit Kala Akademi chairman K A Francis. Corporation had signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the akademi stating its consent to provide the building on a lease period of three years for an annual rent of Rs 15,000 to the akademi. The akademi will maintain the building while the ownership of the gallery is rested with the civic body.Francis said the akademi has already submitted a proposal to the civic body to set up an open art gallery with a cost of Rs 50 lakh at the existing gallery premises. He said akademi is also planning to set up a painter's corner.The painting exhibition will be held on January 5, 2013. The art gallery was built at a cost of Rs 1.41 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "17657728", "title": "Body found in orchard in Bahraich", "text": "BAHRAICH: The body of of Chaisar village resident identified as Bhupendra Singh was found in an orchard outside Gangwal. He was allegedly murdered by Islam, younger brother of the former candidate of assembly election Mohd Aslam. Father of the deceased Rambahadur Singh, said that Islam and Bhupendra were close friends. Islam called his son at home on the pretext of feast and then stabbed him to death and left the body in the orchard.After Bhupendra could not be contacted for the whole night, the family members were alarmed. Next morning, the villagers informed that the Bhupendra's body is lying in the orchard outside Gangwal. The police reached the spot and sent the body for postmortem. The SP said that a case of murder has been registered against the former assembly candidate Mohd Aslam, his brother Islam and Hameed on Rambahadur Singh's appeal. The police are looking out for the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17658872", "title": "Car bomb kills 19 near government offices in Pakistan tribal area", "text": "ISLAMABAD: At least 19 people were killed and 74 injured when a powerful car bomb exploded close to government offices in Jamrud town of Pakistan's northwestern Khyber tribal region on Monday. The explosion follows a deadly Taliban assault on the airport in Peshawar over the weekend which left 15 people dead, 10 of them attackers, underlining the strength of militants in the country's restive tribal regions and adjoining areas.Monday's car bomb attack, according to officials, used an estimated 90 pounds of explosives. Intelligence officials said explosives were packed into a Suzuki Alto car and detonated through a remote device. Bloodied pieces of human flesh littered the blast scene, along with blood-stained clothes, school books, children's shoes and mangled metal. The blast ripped through at least 20 vehicles and 17 shops.\"Nineteen people were killed in the blast. Fourteen bodies were brought to this hospital while three people died of their wounds on way to hospital in Peshawar,\" said Dr Sameen Jan Shinwari at Khyber Agency's hospital in Jamrud.\"Four women were among those killed and they were all Afghans,\" Shinwari said. \"At the moment we're not in a position to tell what exactly was the motive behind the attack,\" said Khyber region's top administrative official Mutahir Zeb. No one has claimed responsibility for the attack, but security officials believe that a pro-government Zakakhel tribe could have been the target. Members of this tribe have been targeted by Taliban earlier as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17658450", "title": "Minister attacks Centre on cable digitization", "text": "KOLKATA: The Trinamool-run government on Monday got into yet another confrontation with the Centre by openly defying the latter's instruction to implement the digital shift of cable television by December 27.After holding a meeting with multi-system operators (MSO) in Writers' Buildings on Monday to discuss the issue, state urban development minister Firhad Hakim said: \"Today, I came to know that some MSOs were hijacked from the state and were forced to write an undertaking that they will shift to the digital mode by the deadline set by the Centre. This is very unfortunate. The state government will not tolerate such high-handedness.\"The minister claimed that they had earlier sent letters to the Centre explaining the government's stand to give MSOs time to shift to digitization. \"We want officials from the Centre to come here and make a review of the ground reality. We want them to reply to the chief secretary's letter. We want the problem to be sorted out in a systematic manner by having a tripartite meeting involving the Centre, the state and local MSOs. The state government is behind the cable operators and the Centre cannot apply force to make them shift to the digital mode. What if any law and order problem arises? It is the state government who will have to tackle the trouble then,\" Hakim said.Hakim clearly said that they were not abiding by the timeframe that the Centre has set. \"The timeframe set by the Centre is meaningless. We have been saying that we are not opposed to digitization but time should be given to those who cannot shift immediately. This union government's work is to put pressure on the people. We will see what further steps could be taken if the Centre continues to turn down our appeals,\" Hakim said. About 40% of the cable operators have managed to shift to digitization so far.Earlier, the Centre had set a deadline of October 31. But that was revised and the Centre finally set an ultimatum of December 27 for the switchover. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee had earlier threatened to make a stir against the Centre on this digitization issue, saying that set-top boxes cannot be forced upon the people of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17657686", "title": "Doctor's letter made suicide intent clear", "text": "LONDON: An eight-page handwritten letter left behind made it clear that Dr Madhu Honnaiah, 33, a Bangalore-born anesthetist, intended to take his own life.Honnaiah's colleagues at Singleton hospital in Swansea were not worried at first because he had been due to take the week off. But after being contacted by one of his university friends, two fellow anaesthetists went to check up on him.Investigating office Huw Evans said: \"They found his flat unlocked and when they went inside they found him deceased.\"The inquest into the death of Honnaiah was told how a worried Dr Emma Wrighton, his ex-fiancee, tried to phone him in the days before he was found dead. She travelled to Swansea to try to speak to Honnaiah at his home but was unable to find him at his apartment.Coroner Philip Rogers said: \"I think it is clear that the breakdown of this relationship with Dr Wrighton must have caused Dr Honnaiah great distress and worry.\"The inquest heard that after she began a relationship with Honnaiah in 2008, Dr Wrighton got a job in Australia. But the pair stayed in touch - and moved in together when she returned to Britain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17659461", "title": "Mysore stares at water woes as contract staff plan strike", "text": "MYSORE: MCC's recent circular asking on-contract workers of the water section to give an undertaking to get the benefits of equal-pay-for-equal-work has irked hundreds of them. They are likely to launch a strike.This could create a trouble with regard to the supply of water and treatment of sewage water in the city. MCC is managing water supply and sewage water treatment plant work with 240 permanent staff and nearly 300 workers on contract. The total staff strength attached to Vani Vilas Water Works, the water supply arm of MCC, was 442 as on November 2012. But nearly 200 posts have fallen vacant due to transfers, retirement and deaths of permanent staff.MCC Vani Vilas Water Workers' union president S Shanthappa said the civic body has recently issued an order, stating that contract workers should give an undertaking saying that they would not approach any court of law with regard the regularization of works or for any other issue, if they want to get the benefits. \"This is an anti-worker policy and it is violation of labour laws too. It is unconstitutional to compel employees or workers to give an undertaking on this score,\" Shanthappa said.About three score workers are employed at three water treatment plants in Mysore, and they all have experience of over a decade. But so far, nothing has been done to regularize their jobs. About 308 workers are on contract for the past 10-15 years at VVWW, and many of them are still getting salary once in two or three months. MCC is allegedly delaying the recruitment and running the show with skeletal staff.Shanthappa claimed that the civic body has not been maintaining any records of their salaries. Officials and contractors are paying salary in an unsystematic manner. \"MCC officials now want to prevent the workers approaching court by taking an undertaking, which we will protest strongly. We will move court against the order on Wednesday before deciding on further action,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17657714", "title": "Railway staff groomed for friendly interface", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To encourage a friendly interface with the pilgrims coming for Kumbh Mela, the tourism department on Monday imparted training to 30 commercial staff of railway department including TTE/TC and booking staff.The department felt the need for training as lakhs of pilgrims will travel to the city through trains. The second training schedule for commercial staff posted at Aligarh and Kanpur will be held on December 22.Tourism information officer (Institute of Tourism Management, Lucknow), Vishal Srivastava told TOI that the training is aimed at grooming the railway staff to remain cordial and leave a lasting impression on the visitors, especially those coming from south India.The exercise, Srivastva said, will give fillip to railway's image. Railway commercial staff are being trained into better customer service, guiding skills, manners and first-aid as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17657218", "title": "Rajya Sabha clears promotion quota bill, Lok Sabha test ahead", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government crossed part of the quota in promotions hurdle on Monday, winning a crucial vote in Rajya Sabha but a sterner test awaits it in Lok Sabha where the bill is expected to be taken up for consideration on Wednesday.The government's worries centre around Samajwadi Party's fresh belligerence with the UP outfit sore about the Supreme Court clearing the decks for an investigation into the disproportionate assets case involving party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and sons Akhilesh and Prateek.The government will make a fresh bid to resolve the quota tangle with parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath slated to meet Mulayam on Tuesday morning in a bid to get SP to agree to a vote in Lok Sabha without blocking proceedings.SP members forced repeated adjournments of Lok Sabha on Monday, fuelling concerns in government circles that Mulayam could well review his decision to limit his protests to a vote against the bill.Official sources said government managers have tried to convince the SP chief that the bill revalidates provisions on quota in promotions but also introduces a 22% cap along with a reiteration of the centrality of service records in assessments.\"The bill makes it clear that the administrative efficiency clause will not be set aside,\" sources said, although government managers are aware that convincing the sceptical SP leader will not be easy. The SC ruling has come as a setback to Mulayam and though his options seem limited, he has made no secret of his displeasure, leading the protests in Lok Sabha on Monday.Even in Rajya Sabha, SP MPs forced an adjournment in the first half. But the Constitution (117th Amendment) bill finally got the backing of 194 members while 10 voted against the legislation in a house of 245.All nine SP members voted against the bill, along with Independent MP Mohammed Adeeb who had during the debate slammed the government for discriminating against Muslims. Four members of the Shiv Sena , who are also opposed the bill, were not present at the time of voting.The government incorporated some crucial elements like 22% cap on promotions for which consideration of Annual Confidential Report (ACR) will be crucial. The amendment suggested by the BJP -- that while considering the case of promotion, the obligation of Article 335 of the Constitution, namely, efficiency in service shall not be ignored - has been incorporated and passed.Though the overwhelming majority secured by the bill was predictable, the SP was unfazed and put its opposition on record by casting all its nine votes against the bill. However, things may not be easy for the government in the Lok Sabha, which is likely to take up the bill next, as the SP has a far larger contingent of 23 MPs in that House.Of course, the SP made use of the debate in the Rajya Sabha to flag concern for the minority community. The SP move, clearly driven by the politics of Uttar Pradesh, aimed to cash in on the resentment among non-dalits, including Muslims, to the promotion quota for SCs/STs.Incidentally, SP MP Naresh Agrawal did make a last-ditch attempt to defer consideration of the bill by suggesting that it be sent to a parliamentary standing committee. However, the government paid no heed.Participating in the debate, SP leader Ramgopal Yadav said reservation in jobs at the entry level was justifiable, \"but after that people should be treated equally\".The party asked the government to rethink on the measure, warning that it can have very serious fallout and may be challenged in court.However, minister of state for personnel V Narayanasamy, while replying to the debate, insisted that the bill was needed to correct the \"inadequacy\" in representation of SCs/STs in higher positions in government jobs.He gave out statistics to back his contention, pointing out how of the 102 secretary-level posts at the Centre, only 3 were occupied by SC/ST officers, Similarly SC/ST representation at additional secretary level was just six among a total 113 posts. The SC/STs fared slightly better at the joint secretary level, accounting for 42 of the 435 officers.Responding to Leader of the Opposition Arun Jaitley's request for an assurance that the amendments will not affect people who have already been promoted since 1995, Narayanasamy said he would write to the state governments in this regard so that people who have been promoted are \"not adversely affected\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "shirva (udupi district)", "code": "17658692", "title": "Family bids tearful goodbye to nurse Jacintha", "text": "SHIRVA (UDUPI DISTRICT): Distraught family members bid Jacintha Saldanha a tearful farewell at her husband Benedict Barboza's home parish of Shirva on Monday. The burial took place at Our Lady of Health Church, some 48 km from Mangalore. Saldanha, 46, was found dead at the nurses' quarters at King Edward VII hospital on December 7, three days after she unwittingly became the victim of a prank call involving the British royal family.An overflowing church witnessed the mass held in Jacintha's memory before she was laid to rest in the adjacent parish cemetery. Son Junal and daughter Lisha placed Jacintha's photo on the closed casket in front of the altar at the mass that Rev Fr Stany Tauro, parish priest conducted.The families of Benedict and Jacintha took their seats on the front rows at the mass, fighting back tears. A frail looking Carmine Barboza, mother of Benedict, was inconsolable. The mass that lasted 45 minutes saw family members, well-wishers and friends pay tributes by placing flowers and wreaths on Jacintha's coffin. The family, in tune with Jacintha's wishes, ensured that the casket was closed and people did not catch any glimpse of her body at the church.Kota Srinivas Poojary, minister for religious endowment, ports and inland waterways and district in-charge, Lalaji Mendon, Kaup MLA, UR Sabapathy, former MLA, B Janardhan Poojary, former union minister were among those who paid their respects to Jacintha.A posse of police led by Karkala deputy superintendent of police Jayanth V Shetty was on hand to ensure there was no trouble at the funeral given that the incident had attracted worldwide attention. There were murmurs of protest at the family's decision not to allow the public one final glimpse of Jacintha, a move family friend Steven Almeida later defended saying it was to ensure that her photograph was not taken at the service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17658592", "title": "JMM eyes Assam panchayat polls", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) will contest the coming panchayat polls in Assam.With a view to spread its wings in eastern and northeastern states, the party has announced fielding 4,000 candidates in the panchayat polls.The party that claims to champion the tribal causes sees an opportunity to find a foothold in Assam politics by extending support to the sizeable number of the Jharkhand-origin tribals who are seeking Scheduled Tribe (ST) status in the northeastern state.\"We are concentrating on the four tribal dominated districts, including Kokrajhar and Dibrugarh, and have decided to field our candidates in these four,\" said senior party leader and Bahragora MLA, Vidyut Varun Mahato, on Monday.With parliamentary elections due in 2014, the JMM is keen to contest a few seats in the adjoining states including Bengal and Odisha. \"With regard to Assam we have not yet taken any decision but certainly we will take a call when the time arrives,\" said a former cabinet minister of the party and close aide of JMM chief Shibu Soren.Two cabinet ministers in the Arjun Munda government, Champai Soren and Mathura Prasad Mahato, and Ghatshila legislator travelled several places in Dibrugarh and addressed a public rally on Sunday.\"I am sure our support to the demand of the Jharkhand tribals in Assam seeking ST status will go down well with them and help us consolidating our position in the state,\" Mahato said over the phone from Assam.A sizeable number of Jharkhand-origin tribals are engaged in petty cultivation work in tea gardens in some of the districts in Assam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17657694", "title": "No norms on punishments to assist trial courts: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ever wondered why punishment for those guilty of similar offences varies from case to case, court to court and state to state in our justice delivery system?The Supreme Court hit the nail on the head when it said on Friday that though imposing \"just punishment\" was at the heart of criminal justice delivery system, it was the weakest link in India because there were no legislative or judicial guidelines to help trial courts on this score.Dealing with a case relating to death of 31 people in Kerala from consuming spurious liquor in October 2000, a bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana P Desai said, \"Giving punishment to the wrongdoer is at the heart of the criminal justice delivery, but in our country, it is the weakest part of the administration of criminal justice.\"The reasons were not far to find. The bench bluntly said such an important aspect of the criminal justice system had escaped the attention of both legislature and the Supreme Court for a long time.\"There are no legislative or judicially laid down guidelines to assist the trial court in meting out just punishment to the accused facing trial before it after he is held guilty of the charges,\" it said.Dealing with the case of spurious liquor that not only killed 31 but left 500 seriously ill, of which six lost their vision, in Kollam district, the court wondered whether the people convicted for culpable homicide under Section 304-II of IPC were sufficiently punished by a few years imprisonment and whether it was correct not to consider the effect of the crime on the population as a ground to impose longer jail term.In the case Soman vs State of Kerala, the bench considered the question: \"Whether or not the social consequences of a culpable act and its impact on other people can be a relevant consideration for giving a heavier punishment, of course, within the limits fixed by the law?\"Justice Alam, writing the judgment for the bench, said, \"In a proportionality analysis, it is necessary to assess the seriousness of an offence in order to determine the commensurate punishment for the offender. The seriousness of an offence depends, apart from other things, also upon its harmfulness.\"In addition, quite apart from the seriousness of the offence, can the consequences of an offence be a legitimate aggravating (as opposed to mitigating) factor while awarding a sentence. Thus, to understand the relevance of consequences of criminal conduct from a sentencing standpoint, one must examine whether such consequences enhanced the harmfulness of the offence; and whether they are an aggravating factor that need to be taken into account by the courts while deciding on the sentence.\"Having identified the components of sentencing structure, the bench said manufacturer of spurious liquor could be given a higher sentence keeping in mind the fact that he had knowledge of its possible adverse consequences on human health, including death.The bench of Justices Alam and Desai went on to lay down a five points for the trial court to quantify \"just sentence\" for those found guilty of offences:* Courts ought to base sentencing decisions on various different rationales - most prominent among which would be proportionality and deterrence.* Consequences of criminal action can be relevant from both a proportionality and deterrence standpoint* Sentence must be commensurate with seriousness or gravity of the offence* One of the factors relevant for judging seriousness of the offence is the consequences resulting from it* Unintended consequences/harm may still be properly attributed to the offender if they were reasonably foreseeable.The SC said the Kerala high court was right in taking into account death of people in imposing longer prison term. \"In case of illicit and underground manufacture of liquor, the chances of toxicity are so high that not only its manufacturer but the distributor and retail vendor would know its likely risks to the consumer. Hence, even though any harm to the consumer might not be directly intended, some aggravated culpability must attach if the consumer suffers some grievous hurt or dies as result of consuming the spurious liquor,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17658309", "title": "Lack of quarantine facilities threat to biodiversity", "text": "KOCHI: Lack of plant quarantine facility in airports in the state is posing a threat to the state biodiversity as there is no proper monitoring of the kinds of plants and seeds entering the state. This is despite the state having three international airports and Keralites over the years becoming big time collectors and owners of ornamental plants.\"We are seeing a new disease in the orchids that were brought in from Thailand recently. All the buds in plant are turning yellow and falling off before they turn into flowers,\" said Mercy, who had brought a new set of imported orchids recently. \"I have been maintaining plants for several years now. This is a new disease and it is destroying the plants. I am afraid it will affect the rest of my plants also.\"When she contacted botanists, they told her that this could be a disease that was probably controlled in that country but found a new lease of life in Kerala where the climate is similar to that of Thailand.All the major consignments coming in for plant importers are checked at the Chennai airport after which it is put on the flight to Kerala. \"There are very strict rules on how the plants should be handled when they are brought from outside,\" said P K Rajeevan, head, department of floriculture, Kerala agriculture university ( KAU), Thrissur.He said that according to rules, the importers had to keep all the plants under watch for two-three months before it could be released.There are about 2,000 registered nurseries in the state but the actual number is much more as people operate it from their homes. Of these, around 25 nurseries are large players and importers of plants, trees and flowers.\"We are having a quarantine facility in the port and seek their help if there are any cases. We have a panel of experts in the field who are called in to look at the plants, flowers, seeds etc,\" said C Madhavan , deputy commissioner, airport customs, Cochin International Airport Limited (CIAL).Many would remember the white spongy disease which wiped out papaya trees and hibiscus trees in central Kerala a couple of years ago. Whether this is one such invasion, is something we need to wait and watch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17657039", "title": "Bihar IPS officer appointed deputy NSA", "text": "NEW DELHI: Outgoing Intelligence Bureau director Nehchal Sandhu was on Monday appointed as officer on special duty (OSD) in National Security Council Secretariat, a government body to assist in internal security related matters.Sandhu (61), a 1973 batch IPS officer of Bihar cadre, will also take over as deputy National Security Adviser and secretary in NSCS from March 21 next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17658831", "title": "Eastern Power Distribution Corporation Limited's ambitious energy conservation project delayed", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The grand plans of Eastern Power Distribution Corporation Limited (EPDCL) to save energy and reduce carbon dioxide and green house gas emissions by distributing free compact fluorescent lamps (CFL) lamps to consumers is hanging fire after the CFL manufacturer Osram India Private Ltd walked out of the project.EPDCL's efforts to reignite the project too have failed as attempts to rope in new partners by floating open tenders have fallen flat with no partner coming forward to resume the project till date.\"Though EPDCL invited many tenders for the suppliers, the drastic fall in carbon credit prices in the international market has created hurdles in companies coming forward. Firms like Osram, whose business models are based purely on profits from sale of carbon credits, have not come forward to resume the energy conservation project further,\" EPDCL director (operations) HY Dora told TOI.With prices of carbon credits or certified emission reduction (CER) falling from around Euro 15 per unit to Euro 4 today, many of the companies concerned have been forced to close down, it is learnt. A carbon credit is a type of tradable greenhouse gas emission reduction unit issued to projects under the Kyoto Protocol. One CER is equivalent to one ton of carbon dioxide mitigated.A consultant or a trader usually earns a profit from the sale of carbon credits by manufacturers in the international market to countries like Europe that have higher greenhouse emissions.The CFL distribution project was initiated by EPDCL five years ago under the United Nations funded Clean Development Mechanism (CDM) with the objective of covering its 45 lakh consumers in all the five coastal districts from Srikakulam to West Godavari.According to EPDCL calculations, with an average saving of 45 watts per each CFL bulb for a usage of up to four hours, the discom would be able to save nearly 300 million units of energy by distributing 45 lakh bulbs, besides reducing 260 kilo tonnes of CO2 emissions at 870 grams per unit.But, as on date, the discom has been able to reach only 10% of the targeted consumers as it was able to distribute lamps to only six lakh consumers in Visakhapatnam district, making it the first district in India to have 100% CFL lamps coverage, after which Osram withdrew from the project.With no help coming from the private sector, sources revealed that EPDCL is now working on plans to continue the project on its own with the help of state government. The government would extend nearly 70% of financial assistance to EPDCL, sources said.CFLs consume up to 80% less electricity than the ordinary light bulbs or incandescent lamps, and last up to 15 times longer. One CLF bulb has a normal life span of around 15,000 hours. CFL bulbs contain low mercury, less than 2.5 milligrams, give long life and are easy to dispose off, unlike filament bulbs.With no help coming from the private sector, sources revealed that EPDCL is now working on plans to continue the project on its own with the help of state government. The government would extend nearly 70% of financial assistance to EPDCL, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17657713", "title": "Woman all set to become the first 'coolie' of the state", "text": "JAIPUR: A 34-year-old woman is all set to become the first woman 'coolie' of Rajasthan. She has completed the basic formalities including applying for licence after the death of her husband and also passed the medical test. Now she is waiting to grab Billa no -15 from the railway authorities to start working as a porter at Jaipur junction railway station.Though woman porters is not a new concept as Bhavnagar (Gujarat) railway station has nearly 42 women porters and Itarsi (Madhya Pradesh ) has one, Manju Devi would be the first porter of the state.Hailing from Rainwal village near Jaipur, Manju Devi was happy till March 2012 as her husband used to earn bread and butter for her as a coolie.\"Some railway authorities told me that I can get job as a porter on compassionate grounds. After the death of my husband I was compelled to stay with the brother of my late husband. Since he is unemployed and I have three children to look after, I have no options left other than earn through the badge of my husband,\" said Manju Devi while talking to TOI on Monday.In order to pursue it seriously, the woman initially met some of the coolies and their unions and later applied for the licence.\"After the death of my husband it is difficult for me to at least give two time meals to my children including two sons and a daughter. I think a coolie's job would fetch me the required money to look after my family,\" Manju added.She added that she has been facing rejection from villagers and inlaws but added that she will certainly become the first coolie of the state.\"Lugayaan paldaari ko kaam karen hai, yeh kaam bhi eso hi hai (Many woman worked as daily wages labourers and this job is no different),\" she added.Railway authorities added that the woman has applied for the license and has been declared fit to work as coolie as per rules.It was not easy for Manju Devi initially when the family members compelled her to give her thumb impression on a letter of consent stating the licence for the coolie should be given to her brother-in-law (Jagdish Prasad). \"Initially, I thought he will look after me, but later I realized I have to take this pain of earning for the family. Thus, on December 13, I had applied for licence for porter. The senior divisional medical officer has given me fitness certificate,\" she added.On the other hand, her brother- in- law, Jagdish Prasad who claimed to be her husband now under Naata Pratha, said, \"I will not allow her to work as a porter. How will she look after her kids?\"Countering, Jagdish, she said: \"He is not my husband and is making false statements to claim the coolie badge. He is the younger brother of my husband. The railway authorities told me that after the death of coolie, which is a non-salaried railway job, either the wife or only the adult children can get the license.\"Meanwhile, Islamuddhin, president of North Western Railway Porters Association, said, \"Every coolie will cooperate her and they would be happy to see the wife of their colleague at the railway station.\"Railway authorities said that her matter is under scrutiny.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17657346", "title": "Bhedaghat may make it to UNESCO list soon", "text": "JABALPUR: Bhedaghat, the majestic waterfall among marble rocks here, could soon find itself in the coveted list of UNESCO's world heritage sites (WHS). Superlatives used to describe it's grandeur in the organization's \"revised tentative list of WHS in India and its recommendations\" have raised hopes of the state government, which is preparing to hard sell its one of the biggest tourist draw as the fittest case under the natural site category.Bhedaghat is one among the only three sites in this slot that made it to the pan India nomination this time.The tentative list, compiled by the advisory committee on the world heritage matters (ACWHM), had named Bhedaghat, along with Kanger valley Bastar and the Aravali hill range, said R K Sharma, state convener of INTACH.Aravali seems to have lost out as the committee felt that due to its location spanning Gujarat, Rajasthan, Haryana, Delhi and even Pakistani provinces of Punjab and Sindh it could present several protection and management issues. Bhedaghat, he feels, has a much stronger case and the words used to describe it in UNESCO's status of existing properties and recommendations for new additions makes it all too clear.\"The site offers a unique view, offering one of the greatest breathtaking views of mighty Narmada River falling from the height of 105ft and rushing with full fury through magnificent white marble rock hills creating a deep dent and huge gorge resulting in the formation of a natural and geographical phenomenon seen nowhere else in the world. Bhedaghat is also known internationally for its archaeological wealth that dates since pre-historic times,\" said Sharma.\"We are in the midst of compiling additional facts to strengthen the case,\" Jabalpur divisional commissioner Deepak Khandekar told TOI on Monday. The government, he said, has already approached ASI and Geological Survey of India (GSI) to dispatch their respective teams to sort out a few issues even though 40 slides shown to UNESCO team had made a deep impact. Not even famous Colorado river , which flows through the American desert of Arizona, can compete with the splendour of Bhedaghat and this is what we are highlighting, he added.MP has only three WPS namely Sanchi stupas, Bheem Baithika and Khajuraho and all are man made and as UNESCO revises its list only once in 10 years now, said Khandekar, is our big chance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17658586", "title": "Students in silent rally for amendments in TET rules", "text": "RANCHI: Members of Jharkhand Chhatra Sangh (JSC) on Monday organized a silent procession from Ranchi University to Raj Bhavan and submitted a letter to the governor demanding changes in the rules of Teachers' Eligibility Test (TET) and lack of teachers in the university for regional, tribal and Urdu languages.JSC chairperson S Ali said: \"New TET regulations are not in favour of candidates from Jharkhand. According to the rules, just clearing TET will not make one eligible to get recruited as a teacher and their educational merit will also be looked into during recruitment. This way, candidates from other states will have more chance of getting recruited as their marks scored in matriculation, intermediate and graduation will be higher than the locals because students of Jharkhand have never had very good educational background. We want educational merit removed as a criterion for recruitment of teachers.\"JSC's other demands includes removal of SC/ST reservation for the 4,401 posts of Urdu teachers in the state. \"Earlier, three examinations were held for recruitment of Urdu teachers in 2008, 20010 and 2011, but not a single application came in from the reserved category. This time, we are demanding that instead of SC/ST, reservation should be given to women and OBC,\" said Ali.Making Urdu as a medium of writing examination in Jharkhand Public Service Commission Examination was also among one of the demands. Colleges of Ranchi University lack teachers for regional, tribal and Urdu language. Ali said: \"Due to shortage of teachers in almost every college for these subjects, students are facing a lot of problems. We are demanding immediate recruitment of teachers of these subjects.\"He added: \"Many minority colleges and high schools do not offer courses in Urdu, tribal and regional languages. We want the courses started in all schools and colleges so that people can pursue studies in their mothertongue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17659119", "title": "Residents struggle to cut power bill", "text": "KOZHIKODE: With the KSEB slapping penal charges for power consumption above 300 units per month, the household consumers in the district are struggling to limit the power consumed every day.Households have started their drive to bring down electricity usage as they will be forced to pay double the normal tariff for every unit exceeding the proposed limit.The situation is worse in the city as large number of families reside in flats and apartments making it almost impossible for them to depend on any alternative mode of energy.Those who are completely dependent on electronic and electrical equipment for cooking, washing and cleaning work have started their search for helpers to manually do the work.High price and delayed distribution of LPG, and unavailability and unreasonable price of firewood have also worsened the situation in Kozhikode.\"The KSEB direction to restrict the usage of electricity to 300 units per month is not at all practical as we depend on washing machine, mixer grinder and induction cooktops for household works,\" said Vasantha Ravi, resident of a flat at Karaparamba.\"Unlike rural population, we are forced to depend on machines for the work. We neither have the facility to wash cloths manually nor can we depend on firewood for cooking, \"he said .People, who had shifted to induction cooktops when the price for liquefied petroleum gas witnessed a steep hike, are now resuming the use of LPG as they consider it a better option than crossing 300 unit limit prescribed by the KSEB.\"We have decided to avoid the usage of air conditioner in summer, as the electricity bill would electrocute us otherwise, said K P Sadanandan of East Hill.\"It would be comparatively easy for us to restrict the use of electricity in the prescribed limit from December to mid-February. But it would be an uphill task in the months of March, April and May as the use of fan and refrigerator will increase during the season,\" said M Geetha, a housewife from Elathur.Meantime, rural population in the district has started using wood-burning stove to reduce electricity consumption. Market also has woken up to the situation by introducing new models of wood stoves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17658318", "title": "PMC panel okays metro from PCMC to Swargate", "text": "PUNE: The PMC standing committee on Monday gave a green signal to a metro corridor between Pimpri-Chinchawad and Swargate and also decided to extend the corridor to Katraj.\"The civic administration had submitted a metro proposal for approval. We discussed it in detail and approved it,\" committee chairman Baburao Chandere told reporters. Corporators from Satara Road had demanded extension of the metro corridor to Katraj and, accordingly, the committee approved the demand.In the proposal submitted to the standing committee earlier this month, municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak had stated, \"As per the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) report, there is a need to form an SPV to implement the metro project in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. The PCMC has informed the PMC that it is ready for the first corridor between PCMC and Swargate. Hence, the PMC should also approve it, along with formation of the SPV.\"The PCMC to Swargate route is 16.59 km long. Of which, 7.15 km would pass through Pimpri-Chinchwad and the remaining 9.44 km would pass through the Khadki Cantonment and PMC areas. At one point, alleging that the PCMC was dragging its feet on the project, the PMC had decided to drop the first corridor and start work on the second corridor where the PCMC is not involved.Now, both the municipal corporations have decided to start work on the first corridor and form an SPV to implement the metro project as a whole. The corporations have agreed upon a pro rata formula for calculating the total expense, where the respective corporations will contribute 10% of the total project cost, which will be calculated in proportion with the length of the corridor in their limits.Earlier, the PMC standing committee had approved a resolution stating that the PMC and the PCMC will contribute 5% each of the total cost of the project. However, leaders in the PCMC insisted that the corporation will contribute only 5% share of the cost of the metro route that runs within the PCMC limits.In 2010, the PMC had resolved to construct the second metro corridor that runs from Vanaz to Ramwadi. It got the state cabinet's nod in June 2012, when it approved the 14.9 km elevated route. For this corridor, the state government decided to follow the DMRC model, where the PMC will contribute 10% of the total project cost while the state and Centre will contribute 20% each. It had then asked the PMC to form an SPV, which would raise the remaining 50% using various options like build-operate-transfer and public-private partnership, and implement the project. It set a deadline of five years for the project. The state government had also decided to appoint a high-powered committee headed by the chief secretary to ensure the smooth implementation of the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17660569", "title": "Nikitha\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s on a break in the US", "text": "Nikitha Thukral, whose most recent release, Krantiveera Sangolli Rayanna is still running in theatres and inching its way to the 50-day mark, is currently chilling out in the US. The actress, who played lead actor Darshan's love interest in the film, tells us that she is all set to ring in the New Year in America. \"I've been in New York for a while and will spend Christmas and New Year here,\" says Nikitha, adding that despite Krantiveera Sangolli Rayanna 's good showing at the BO, she hasn't signed up for any new project in Sandalwood. But there are offers, she maintains. \"I am getting plenty of offers in Kannada and from other south film industries too, because of the amazing response to the film. I am looking at taking up some of the offers once I am back, but that will have to wait until after New Year's. I will resume work only after my break. Until then, the promotions of my upcoming Tamil film Alex Pandian with Karthi, should keep me busy,\" she says. Alex Pandian , incidentally, features an ensemble cast, with Karthi and Anushka Shetty in the lead. In fact, the casting of Nikitha was for a while shrouded in controversy, when Lakshmi Rai also claimed to have been signed on for the same role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17657170", "title": "Toll smart card sale near Ambience", "text": "GURGAON: In addition to three toll plazas on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway, \"touch-and-go\" smart cards have now been made available at another sale point near Ambience Mall.Moreover, according to the private concessionaire, Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL), around 3,500 cards have already been distributed so far to commuters.Under the memorandum of understanding (MoU) signed between the National Highways Authority of India ( NHAI) and DGSCL, smart cards were to be made available by mid-January.Following Punjab and Haryana high court's directions to all stakeholders to find workable solutions to end the traffic mess on the e-way, Gurgaon police have directed DGSCL to popularize the smart cards and also made them available at various outlets including petrol pumps.A DGSCL spokesperson said, \"We are actively promoting the use of smart cards by reaching out to the commuters directly along the expressway. Apart from the point of sale offices at the three toll plazas, another counter has been opened between the 32-lane toll plaza and Ambience Mall.\"To popularize smart cards, announcements are being made at each of the toll plazas and the variable messaging service along the expressway is also communicating the availability of smart cards. Leaflets have been distributed and banners are being put up, the official said.The concessionaire claimed that the adoption of smart cards and the increased processing capacity due to the split toll plaza configurations have stabilized the waiting time at the 32-lane toll plaza to three to four minutes during peak hours.As far as other traffic issues related to the e-way discussed during the joint meetings of stakeholders, porta cabins have been installed at the two split toll plazas and the two central lanes of the main toll plaza have been barricaded to create a pathway for emergency service. Reflective tapes have been put up at the designated points for commuter safety and barricades whose paint is fading have been repainted to ensure long-distance visibility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17658935", "title": "A day for awards, literature", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A literary fest and prize distribution for students of classes VII and VIII of Delhi Public School, Sector 40, was organized at the school auditorium on Monday. Chief guests superintendent of police, traffic and security, Manish Chaudhary, and DPI, schools, Upkar Singh gave away the prizes. The literary fest had Indian and English literature as its theme.German guests Wolfkan Forguzanga and Stephie Forguzanga, who are in the city along with a group of 20 German students to explore Indian studies and culture also gave the prizes to some of the achievers of the 2012-13 session.Students performed the court act from William Shakespeare's famous play \"The Merchant of Venice\", which was followed by a tribute to Hindi literature as students recited couplets of Kabir, Rahim and Tulsidas. While the budding RJs of the school Ronika and Simran hosted a radio show called \"Must Speak Out\", the students of Class VIII performed \"panthi\" dance, a tribal dance form from Chattisgarh which reflects the rich cultural heritage and traditional legacies of the indigenous tribes of the region.The prizes included proficiency award, scholar award, green badge, blue badge, green blazer and blue blazer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17659714", "title": "Govt orders withdrawal of cases against Jagan", "text": "HYDERABAD: Overruling the DGP recommendations , the AP government on Monday issued orders withdrawing criminal cases against Kadapa MP and YSR Congress president Y S Jaganmohan Reddy and 30 others at the Pulivendula police station.\"After careful examination of the matter, the government decided to direct the collector and district magistrate to instruct the assistant public prosecutor to initiate immediate action in accordance with law for withdrawal of prosecution under section 321 of the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973, and guidelines issued in GO No 54 of Law (LA&J; - Home Courts -B ) department , dated March 30, 2000, against the accused ,\" law secretary R Damodar said in the orders .The state government took a policy decision last year to withdraw all criminal cases filed against those who agitated for and against bifurcation of AP since December, 2009. Accordingly , these cases are being withdrawn in a phased manner both in Telangana and Andhra-Rayalaseema regions. Jagan is accused number 30 in three cases filed at Pulivendula (Urban) PS against him and 30 others under various sections of the Indian Penal Code, Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act, 1984, and the Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1932.These cases related to agitating for a unified AP where government property at BSNL, irrigation and revenue offices were allegedly damaged , were pending trial before the Assistant Sessions Judge's court in Kadapa. In letters to the state government between February and June this year, DGP V Dinesh Reddy had \"not recommended withdrawal of prosecution\" against the accused, based on the Kadapa district superintendent of police's report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "quepem", "code": "17659343", "title": "It's 'self service' at the Canacona mamlatdar", "text": "QUEPEM: For the locals of Canacona, getting a residence certificate from the mamlatdar's office is somthing of a nightmare.First, locals are told to pick it up a month later, and when they do return in 30 days, they're asked to sort through files and find their own certificates.Even pregnant women and the elderly are not spared. Emmaashley Valancia Corte, a resident of Dapot Loliem, currently residing at Quepem, and nine-months pregnant, said, \"I went personally to the Canacona mamlatdar's office all the way from Quepem to apply for my residence certificate and they told me to collect it within a month. When I went back after a month, the officials told me to search for it among the files kept on the counter.\"In between the huge rush of applicants searching for their certificates and the large number of files, Corte found it impossible to find her certificate.When she complained to the officials, she was cut short with a \"you search for your certificate on your own\".Now, two months on, Corte's still waiting for her residence certificate.Every village has a file each, but some certificate applications have been mixed up with those of other villages, making hunting for a residence certificate even more difficult.A senior citizen and resident of Poinguinnim, Vishnu Gaonkar, said, \"I am uneducated, I cannot read and write. When I went to collect my certificate on the day they assigned to me, the officials told me to search for it in the files. \"When I told the clerk that I am old and uneducated, he replied saying, 'We do not have enough time to search. Please arrange for someone to search for you'.\"Locals who did manage to sort through files searching for their certificates, too, did not meet with much luck. \"We searched but still could not even find our application forms,\" a resident said.Domnick Fernandes from Agonda had another point to make. He said, \"As each one has to go through a whole bunch of residence certificates to find our own, one can easily take another person's certificate and destroy it if he or she has any enmity with the other.\"He added, \"As hundreds of people search for their certificate every day, many photos are missing from the applications. If photos go missing, then the applicant has to submit his/her photo again and it's a waste of time.\"When what locals call \"self service\" at the mamlatdar's office was brought to the notice of Canacona mamlatdar Sudin Natu, he said, \"If anyone does not get their certificate in time, they can personally contact me and I will sort out their problem.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17657984", "title": "Set up panel for child rights by year end, HC tells govt", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has directed the Tamil Nadu government to make the proposed state-level commission for safeguarding children's rights functional before December 31.The first bench, comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, passing interim orders on two PILs, recorded the undertaking of the state government that it had already appointed child welfare officers in each police station and steps were on to operationalise the proposed commission.The matter relates to the PILs filed by A Narayanan of Virugambakkam and Human Rights Advocacy and Research Foundation trustee O Fernandes, seeking separate police officers and other measures to safeguard the rights of children.In his counter-affidavit, the Tamil Nadu social welfare secretary, K Nagarajan, submitted that in accordance with Section 63(2) of the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act, 2000, child welfare officers had been nominated in all police stations.Similarly, in order to protect the rights of children, a committee was constituted by an order dated March 26, he said, adding that a total of 557 applications had been received for appointment as chairman and members of the proposed committee.\"While 245 applications were received for appointment of chairperson, 312 people applied for selection as members. As the number of applications received is huge, a thorough scrutiny is required to identify the eligible and suitable candidate. The process will take at least three months to complete,\" he said. A sum of 37.32 lakh has been earmarked to pay honorarium to the judge, other members and staff, he said.The counter was filed in response to the high court's October 10 order calling for details from the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17659411", "title": "'Create interest in Carnatic music'", "text": "MYSORE: There is a need to create interest in classical music among the younger generation, said Akashavani associate director Anand V Patil, in Mysore on Monday.Speaking at 'Gana Rasollasa,' a state-level workshop on 'Tradition, appreciation and creative presentation of Carnatic music', he said: \"We have to safeguard our tradition and culture. Classical music has to be passed on to younger generation. We have to attract people towards music and guide them.\"\"Music is very much needed in life. The positive effects of music must be discussed. Senior artistes have to share their experiences with juniors,\" he stated.Vidushi Padmamurthy highlighted he need to have discussions on different aspects of music by experts.Nuances of music taughtAkashavani organized a series of programmes at the first-of-its-kind workshop.Experts like R N Shreelatha, S Shankar, Sukanya Prabhakar, R A Ramamani, T S Satyavati, Padma Murthy, Mysore M Manjunath and M Nagaraj spoke on the nuances of music. Format of music, content and style, role of mood and melody in effective presentation of music, importance of lyrics, tempo, effect of music on soul and effective presentation of Carnatic music were discussed in detail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17659432", "title": "Farmers want Coorg investors' meet cancelled", "text": "MYSORE: The proposed meet of investors at Madikeri, to be presided over by chief minister Jagadish Shettar and Speaker K G Bopaiah , may face trouble with Karnataka Rajya Raitha Sangha, Hasiru Sene and Cauvery Family on the war path. The organizations on Monday strongly urged the government to cancel the meet scheduled from Tuesday and not to sign any MoU with investors.Cauvery Family (a group of farmer leaders from Karnataka and Tamil Nadu formed to resolve the Cauvery tangle) state convener B B Subbaiah said any effort by the government to attract investors and allot 25,000 acres around Madikeri to them will affect the eco-system, \"ultimately leading to the death of Cauvery river itself\". \"As a stakeholder in Cauvery river and issues related to it, we will oppose the investors' meet scheduled for Tuesday,\" he said.Subbaiah said the Western Ghats has been categorized as one of the nine eco-sensitive zones in the world, and any industrial activity in the region will affect it badly. \"We are not against agri-based activities. But any other activity in the guise of boosting the productivity of the area will affect the eco-system, which in turn reduces rainfall,\" he said, adding: \"Kodagu receives an average of 120-150-inch rainfall every year. But the district has not received even half of that this year. This indicates that Kodagu is already being harmed. Any environment-unfriendly investment adds to the trouble.\"He charged the government and KIADB with luring the farmers to hand over their land by offering high prices. \"The government, instead of indulging in environment-unfriendly activities, should appeal the farmers not to sell their lands and involve themselves in agriculture more than anything else. We suspect the involvement of land mafia and farmers from other states behind this move,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17658124", "title": "Case against fraud NGO for duping unemployed youths", "text": "LUCKNOW: Mahanagar police registered a case against a non government organisation on Monday for allegedly duping with job offers. On Sunday, over 100 job-seekers given offers by Gramin Swasthya Kalyan Samiti found out that company had shut its Mahanagar-based office. The NGO had demanded a certain amount of money from potential candidates before giving them jobs.Candidates who had come to the city from different parts of the state after going through the 'selection process', approached the police to register their complaint. The police instead of lodging the first information report tried to dissuade them from registering the case.\"The NGO's 'registered office' was at Barabanki so we told the youths to approach Barabanki police instead,\" said in charge of Mahanagar police station.The applicants went to the chief minister's office and protested against the Mahanagar police. On Monday, senior officials intervened in the matter and the case got registered against the NGO. In a bid to appear professional, the NGO had also conducted an examination to shortlist the candidates at UPSC building in Aliganj some weeks back.Modus Operandi: The NGO had advertised aggressively lower rung positions such as of clerks, nurses, health workers, among others on various job portals. In all, the NGO claimed to have 1,244 positions across Uttar Pradesh for fresh graduates and High School pass students. The pay band for positions ranged from a minimum of Rs 4,500 to a maximum of Rs 16,800.Though the NGO mentioned a Barabanki address, it insisted that candidates complete formalities through their website. Several unemployed youths applied for the positions. The final move of the NGO was to get shortlisted candidates to cough up Rs 7,645 as 'training fee'. The NGO assured job-seekers that the amount would be refunded after the training period.But a few weeks back the NGO cut off all correspondence with the candidates 'selected'. The mobile phones and contact numbers provided by NGO representatives remained switched off. The applicants arrived at the NGO's Mahanagar-based address but found that the party had already moved out of the premises. The police have put numbers given by the youths under surveillance and are trying to find details of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17656849", "title": "Carmelites wow audience on Parents\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 Day", "text": "PATNA: Young Carmelites voiced melodious harmonies to welcome the audience to the Carmel Primary Parents' Day at Mount Carmel High School, Patna, on Monday evening. The girls had left no stone unturned to make the event a memorable one, as proud parents revelled in their kids' stage performances.Class V students Anushkha and Kareena hosted the event while Meera Tiwari, a teacher, proposed a vote of thanks. While the kindergarten students spread the message of joy, peace, love and harmony through their vibrant performance on 'God's beautiful world', 'Macarena' and couple dance, 'Robot' and 'Pink fusion', too, entertained the audience who cheered the students of class III during their colourful 'flute dance' and 'kimono dance' performances.Justice Samarendra Pratap Singh of Patna high court was the chief guest on the occasion. He appreciated the wonderful show put up by the girls. Principal Sr Sujata welcomed the parents and urged them to always keep in mind that they are their kids' role models.CIMP: About 200 district programme officers (DPO) and programme officers (PO) completed their management development programme (MDP) that comprised topics such as motivation, team building, time and stress management and sessions on yoga etc, organized by the Chandragupta Institute of Management Patna (CIMP). CIMP director V Mukund Das said the institute had provided training to almost 2,500 officers in four years.College of Commerce: Rajiv Kumar Sinha, a Google scholar currently working with environmental engineering department, Griffith University, Australia, would deliver a talk on 'Environmental degradation and human survival at stake - sustainable technology as solution' at the College of Commerce on Tuesday. The seminar is being jointly organized by Harmony Bihar and botany and biotechnology department of College of Commerce.Shri Arvind Mahila College: A two-day UGC-sponsored national seminar on 'Contemporary Urdu poetry and Faiz Ahmad Faiz' is being organized by Urdu department, Shri Arvind Mahila College, in collaboration with Bihar Urdu Academy and Khuda Bakhsh Oriental Public Library, Patna, on December 18 and 19.The seminar would be inaugurated by information and public relations department minister Brishen Patel while the keynote address would be delivered by Prof Lutfur Rahman, ex-minister, Bihar.Montessori School: The managing director of Montessori School, Zahra Ahmad, will distribute blankets among the underprivileged people of the society on the school campus on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17658397", "title": "Varanasi Municipal Corporation\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s spot billing machine to be adopted by other municipalities", "text": "VARANASI: The Spot Billing Machine (SBM) introduced by Varanasi Municipal Corporation (VMC) for transparent and quick house tax collection this financial year was accepted for use as a model by other municipal corporations of the state during a meeting of municipal officials held in Lucknow recently.Additional municipal commissioner Sachidanand Singh said the SBM and its features were presented before the secretary, Ministry of Urban Development, government of India, Sudhir Krishnan during the meeting where, he along with other officials gave a nod to the use of the machine by municipal offices across the state.Singh further informed that VMC is the first municipal office in the state to introduce this fast method of paying house taxes.\"It reduces the manual work which was otherwise done in filling up form II and is faster and more accurate, helping both tax payers and tax collectors.As many as 65 VMC staff carrying SBMs go around in different city areas to collect house tax. Apart from giving a receipt of the payment on-the-spot, one copy of the receipt is also saved at VMC office automatically once the tax is paid,\" he added.Besides, the machine is also provided with five different options which are reported to VMC office as the given response from the tax payer.The five different categories are 'tax paid', 'house was found locked', 'tax delayed', 'tax denied', and 'matter is under court's stay'. \"So the reason for not paying taxes is reported to us and helps in efficient collection of taxes. While at present, the SBM is being used only for house tax collection, in the next one to two years, it will also be used for licensing and revenue collection,\" he informed.According to Sandeep Srivastava, in-charge, computer cell, VMC, the machine is GPS-enabled and remains connected with the internet server of VMC.It also gives the location and status of work carried out by tax collectors. Apart from giving the status of work and time and places where the work was put on hold, it also tells the path travelled by VMC staff in collecting the taxes. VMC has stocked itself with as many as 80 SBMs.Besides, the machine is also provided with five different options which are reported to VMC office as the given response from the tax payer. The five different categories are 'tax paid', 'house was found locked', 'tax delayed', 'tax denied', and 'matter is under court's stay'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17659336", "title": "Miscreants throw stones at 3 masjids in district", "text": "MANGALORE: In a series of attacks, three masjids at Kulai, Mukka and Karnad in Dakshina Kannada district were damaged on Monday.Miscreants threw stones and soda bottles damaging window panes and doors of Sirajin-Islam Badriya Jumma Masjid in Kulai, Jumma Masjid, Mukka and Noor Jumma Masjid in Karnad near Mulky. Miscreants started the attack at Kulai, about 15 km from the city, damaged Mukka masjid 7 km away and later went to Karnad, about 8 km away, and damaged the masjid there.Habeeb Rahman, Campus Front of India media in-charge, told TOI that the glass doors, window panes of Kulai masjid were damaged in the incident. \"The incident came to light at 5am when devotees came for namaz,\" he added.Masjid committee board member Mohammed Irshad said that devotees saw few soda bottles and stones inside the masjid. \"The damage is estimated at Rs 50,000. This is the second time this year that our masjid is being attacked,\" he added.The committee has filed a complaint at Surathkal police station.At the Jumma Masjid inMukka, the miscreants threw stones and coconut husks at the masjid. No one was present at the masjid when it was attacked.Jaffer Faiz, the Maulana of the Noor Masjid, Karnad, was sleeping on the first floor at the time of attack. \"By the time I woke up and switched on the lights, the miscreants had fled. A plastic sack containing red-brick stones were found near the masjid,\" he added.City police commissioner Manish Kharbikar said that the investigation is going on. \"We have clues about the miscreants and they will be nabbed,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17658388", "title": "COs offices to be covered during annual inspection", "text": "VARANASI: Ringing alarm bell for the circle officers, the DIG Range A Satish Ganesh on Monday made it very clear that the offices of COs would also be covered during annual inspection of senior officials to check whether they are following the instructions properly.During a meeting with COs of Varanasi range at his office the DIG reviewed the progress in investigation continuing in the cases of serious crimes including murder, loot and gangster act. Apart from emphasising on early arrest of accused persons in such cases he asked to issue written notices to those station officers who are performing laxity in investigation of these cases.The DIG was dissatisfied with the process of preparing dossier of criminals, who have recently come out of jail after getting bail and their physical verification to know their whereabouts and present activities. He asked the COs to hold meetings at police station level at least twice every week in order to ensure that the junior cops are keeping sharp vigil on the criminals coming out from the jails after getting bail or completing the term of imprisonment.He expressed unhappiness over the work style of ASP Varanasi and two COs of the district due to their unawareness about the criminals and their activities. He ordered the COs to maintain their own case dairies and prepare the documents in the cases of serious crimes personally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17658467", "title": "Hemant's Delhi trip fuels realignment rumours", "text": "RANCHI: The proposed tour of deputy chief minister Hemant Soren, who is also the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) legislative party leader in the assembly, to New Delhi has fuelled the possibility of political realignment in the state.Although Soren is going to attend an official meeting, political parties see it as a move to hold a clandestine meeting with the Congress for political regrouping. \"The deputy chief minister is going on an official tour to attend the meeting of the ministers' in-charge of sanitation department convened by Union minister Bharat Singh Solanki at Vigyan Bhawan on December 21. At present, there is no plan to hold any political meeting in case there is a split between the JMM and the BJP in the state,\" said an aide of Soren.However, BJP leaders are not ready to buy the JMM explanation. \"JMM chief Shibu Soren is already in Delhi for more than a week and he had meeting with Congress and Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) leaders to explore possibility of formation of a government in case the alliance with the BJP ends in Jharkhand. Under these circumstances, how can anyone accept the explanation given by JMM leaders,\" said a state BJP executive committee member.\"We know that there is something fishy in the tour and are sure that everything will become clear within a week,\" he added.The main opposition Congress, which is likely to be the ally in case the BJP-JMM alliance splits, said they were not bothered about any political activity of the JMM till the time Soren party did not severe relation with the Arjun Munda government.Senior Congress leader Chandra Shekhar Dubey said the JMM need not worry about political instability or the President's Rule. \"We are there to support it and help forming an alternative government but before that it will have to formally end ties with the BJP. Till the time the JMM is with the BJP we are not going to have any dialogue with it,\" said Dubey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17658133", "title": "Woman dies after bus hits five people on a scooter", "text": "CHENNAI: A 26-year-old woman was killed when the two-wheeler on which she was riding with four others met with an accident on Perambur Barracks Road on Monday morning.The victim, Shanthi was on the bike with her 30-year-old brother Thukaram, who was driving, and three children - Bhuvaneshwari, 10, and Vennila and Balaji, both 7. The incident comes a day after the death of a college student in a car accident on East Coast Road.Police said the accident occurred when Thukaram tried to overtake an MTC bus. \"The bus hit the scooter from behind,\" said a police officer. Shanthi died on the spot. \"The other four escaped with minor injuries,\" said an investigation officer from Kilpauk. \"As she was sitting side-on, she fell off first and the front wheels of the bus ran over her,\" said the police officer.Police have booked a case against the bus driver, but no case was registered against Thukaram for riding with four people on a scooter. \"They were children, so we did not a book a case against him,\" said the police officer. The traffic police book about 250 cases against people riding three to a bike.In 2011, 23% of the people who died in road accidents were in the age group of 15 to 29. The largest number of victims, close to 30%, is in the age group of 30 to 44. More than 90% of the victims of road accidents in the city are men. Of 1,500 road accident deaths in 2011, only 178 victims were women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17659705", "title": "Govt ayes SIT probe in multi-crore irrigation scam", "text": "NAGPUR: Under immense pressure from the opposition to probe charges of multi-crore irrigation scam, the Maharashtra government on Monday announced a special investigation team (SIT) to probe certain aspects of the scam. Water resources minister Sunil Tatkare informed the Lower House that the SIT would be headed by irrigation expert and former bureaucrat Dr Madhavrao Chitale. The terms of reference for the panel and its work duration will be finalized before December 31, he said refusing to divulge anything further.However, sources in the government said the panel would get two more members and would be given six months to complete its work. The two other members would also be former bureaucrats with one from finance background. \"It will certainly go beyond what the white paper has already established. But how much and how far is something yet to be decided,\" Tatkare told TOI. It is learnt it would look into two questions: Whether any tender conditions were violated and whether the enormous cost escalations were justified.The announcement followed hectic backchannel negations between chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief Sharad Pawar . Sources said the two were in constant touch since Friday night to come up with a solution agreeable for the opposition as well as nephew and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, who has been at the centre of the controversy. It is learnt the senior Pawar wanted a judicial probe but Ajit insisted on SIT. Also, CM wanted probe be wound up in three months but Ajit Pawar pushed for a six month time frame.Earlier in the day, CM, DCM and water resources minister had a closed door meeting for over an hour. The two coalition partners finally agreed any announcement must be before the courts took notice of the issue. A couple of PILs in the matter are likely to come up for hearing soon. \"The government was of the opinion that someone must break the ice and end the deadlock in assembly. What has happened over the last week (disturbances in both the houses) has hurt our image,\" said a top Congress minister.Sources in NCP said party was prepared to give in to the demand of an investigation, either a judicial probe or an SIT. A judicial probe would have meant more trouble for junior Pawar. \"It would have meant an open invitation for everyone and anyone to file an affidavit with a complaint or allegation. Moreover, it would have dragged on at its own pace,\" said a senior NCP functionary.While an SIT at this point seems like an eyewash given it is unlikely to be given any powers to take punitive or other action, the opposition is hoping judiciary would take note of SIT investigation. \"If the judiciary decides to monitor the SIT at the behest of petitioners it could still spell trouble for Ajit Pawar and Tatkare,\" said a top BJP leader.Welcoming government decision, several leaders of the opposition demanded Pawar either resign or be denied portfolios. \"For the sake of a fair probe, I request the chief minister not to hand over any portfolio to Ajit Pawar until this probe is completed,\" said leader of the Opposition Eknath Khadse. Demanding the government explain what took it a week to decided on probe, Peasants and Workers Party (PWP) leader Jayant Patil demanded both Pawar and Tatkare resign until the investigations were complete.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17659677", "title": "BJP wants Pawar, Tatkare out of govt during probe", "text": "NAGPUR: BJP on Monday termed government decision to constitute a special investigation team (SIT) to probe irrigation scam as its own victory. The party also demanded resignations by deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and water resources minister Sunil Tatkare until the probe was over.Earlier, the government, under intense pressure from combined opposition, announced a SIT probe led by irrigation expert Madhavrao Chitale in both houses, breaking five-day deadlock and paving way for functioning of both houses. \"Until the enquiry is over, Pawar and Tatkare should as they can otherwise influence the probe considering that the inquiry is being done by government's own panel,\" leader of opposition in assembly Eknath Khadse told reporters. He was accompanied by leader of opposition in council Vinod Tawde, state BJP chief Sudhir Mungantiwar, and MLA Devendra Fadnavis.Tawde demanded the government should come up with the names of other members in the panel and also fixed its terms of reference before conclusion of winter session. \"We want the SIT should complete the enquiry in a fixed time frame, preferably six months,\" he said. The opposition members also demanded that terms of reference of SIT should be fixed as per the Commissions of Inquiry Act to bring in more transparency. \"We've already rejected the governments' white paper. Their own agriculture minister Balasaheb Vikhe Patil had confirmed that irrigation capacity had increased by just 0.1% in last decade,\" Khadse said.He added that SIT reports should be submitted on an affidavit to the high court where various cases were pending. \"We want that the SIT should have experts with a clean image from finance, technology and legal fields who can help Chitale better understand the technicalities. We will also be providing all proofs and documents to SIT, for expediting their work,\" Tawde added.He declared that they were ready to work for additional hours to clear the backlog of last week when five days were lost. \"If the government had done this on first day, those days wouldn't have been lost. It's their fault. Still, we're ready to make up the loss by sitting for additional hours on remaining days. We will try to give full justice to Vidarbha and Marathwada,\" Khadse said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bhimili", "code": "17658802", "title": "Man kills pregnant wife suspecting her fidelity", "text": "BHIMILI: In a gruesome incident, a former jute mill worker in an allegedly inebriated condition hacked his three month pregnant wife to death in Chittivalasa on Monday as he suspected her of infidelity. Afraid of the consequences, he later attempted self-immolation. He was rushed to KGH where doctors said he was brought in with 50 per cent burn injuries but his condition is reported to be stable.According to the police, Darapu Srinivasa Rao (42) married Adhilakshmi (30) 12 years ago but the couple was childless. Srinivasa Rao had been working as a daily wage labourer at Chittivalasa Jute mill but after the mill management declared a lock-out, almost one and half year ago he was rendered jobless.When he found out that his wife was pregnant he started suspecting her character. On the fateful day, Srinivasa Rao had an argument with his wife and rained blows on her neck with an axe. After she fell unconscious bleeding, he poured kerosene on himself and set himself alight.He also tried to hold on to his wife while he was aflame, resulting in severe burn injuries to her as well. With the 108 ambulance staff allegedly refusing to respond to distress calls as they were busy with the chief minister's tour, the neighbours admitted both wife and husband into the hospital, where doctors announced that the woman was brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17659423", "title": "Workshop sheds light on ailing water bodies", "text": "MYSORE: There is a need to recharge water bodies in urban and rural areas. Rainwater harvesting has to be made compulsory, said R M N Sahai, EMPRI director general, here on Monday.Addressing the inaugural of a two-day workshop on 'Sustainable management of urban water bodies', he said: \"The water table has to be replenished with rainwater harvesting, but India lags behind in this.\"\"Earlier, kings built large water bodies for the benefit of human beings, livestock and agriculture. But now, elected representatives are filling up the existing water bodies to create residential layouts on them, and this is leading to problems,\" he claimed.Quoting a report from EMPRI, Sahai said: \"Severe drought may loom large, with monsoon failing in the past decades in 12 districts of the state. It is according to a report by.\"The report is based on a three-year research across the state. It also has recommendations proper augmentation of water through rainwater harvesting, use of dry toilets and conserving water at community levels, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17658903", "title": "Touts Make a killing", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the holidays approaching, the touts can be seen active around the various railway reservation counters in the city. In the past one year, the railway police have held guilty only five touts in Chandigarh. A total of 20 touts were held guilty in last one year in the Ambala division, which covers Chandigarh, Saharanpur, Una and Sri Ganga Nagar.Their charges vary from person to person and depend on how difficult it is to get a confirmed ticket. The police fail to establish the involvement of the tout in most cases. Touts have an easy way out, as the city also has booking counters at six post offices in the city, which do not have any presence of the railway police.The touts are mainly involved in getting the tatkal tickets booked in the city. Among the six arrests by the railway police, three were made at the post offices.A railways official said the railway police also busted a racket where in the railway officials were hand in gloves with the touts. \"In such a case, action against the railway employees can be taken, but if the people sitting at the booking counter at post offices are involved in such activity, it would be tough to take action against them as they are not railways employees,\" he added.The GRP needs to establish the crime of the accused after arresting a tout. But, it has been observed in many cases that the touts get a clean chit when the person they are booking the ticket for takes their side saying the accused is a servant and had come to get a tatkal ticket on his behalf. Senior divisional security commissioner, Ambala division, Mahinder Singh said the touts no more operate from the reservation counters at the railway stations. \"They single out post offices and smaller stations where the railway police are deployed. We are trying to curb their activity by conducting surprise raids at post offices and smaller stations,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17657989", "title": "'Inadequate patrolling sees rise in crime'", "text": "MUMBAI: Soon after taking charge as the city's police commissioner, Satya Pal Singh announced senior citizens' safety as one of his top priorities. Till date, though, little attention has been paid to policing the streets, senior police officers told TOI. On Monday morning, Sonal Lapashiya (25) was attacked on a busy Dadar stretch.Although the police chief had instructed his personnel to be in uniform while reporting on duty and returning home -\"so that police presence is felt\"-this directive has not been implemented by the lower rung completely. A deputy commissioner of police in Mumbai recently asked his staff to patrol the streets on bicycles. The practice continued for a few weeks and then stopped.Blaming modest police presence for rising instances of attacks on women, an officer said, \"Maximum deployment on the road and naka bandi will help prevent crime. Police station personnel patrol the streets only twice a day. Most officers posted at beat chowkies avoid patrolling. This could be a reason for inadequate police presence on the roads, leading to various crimes.\"A retired police officer added, \"It is not possible for the top brass to deploy personnel on every street. However, a strong police presence on the streets does help curb crimes such as riots, assault and theft.\"In the past seven years, though 11,000 policemen have been inducted in the city police force, Mumbai requires more personnel, said officers.While foot patrolling was introd-u-ced by Singh's predecessors, the practice is almost dead now. \"Police-m-en prefer car and bike.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "17658749", "title": "Razors, ganja, sim found in jail raid", "text": "DHANBAD: Police raided the Dhanbad central jail on Monday and seized sharp weapons, ganja, sim cards and other materials.The raid was conducted by about 400 policemen commissioner following reports that some criminals lodged in the jail had instructed their accomplices to commit crime and demand extortion on the jail premises. The Dhanbad SP led the operation.According to official sources, police found razors, 20 blades, two knives, two sim cards, ten packets of ganja and 500 grams of tobacco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17658490", "title": "18 killed, 8 injured in road accident at Maihar", "text": "BHOPAL: Eighteen persons were killed and eight others injured in a road accident at Maihar in Satna district on Monday. Police said 15 persons died on the spot. The injured were rushed to Maihar civil hospital from where they were referred to Satna district hospital. According to information, a truck loaded with iron rods, lost control and rammed a jeep with pilgrims in it, who were on their way to offer prayers in Maihar temple. The truck also hit an Indica car passing on the same road, killing one person travelling by it, said inspector general of police (Rewa) G R Meena.The truck, Meena said, first hit the car then it rammed the jeep leading to death of 15 persons on the spot. Others, he said, died during treatment in the government hospital. The deceased, included three of a family - Dilip Gupta, wife Archana, Himansh, Rani Kol, Pushpendra Kol, Neelam Kushwaha, Rajani Namdev, Binda Kori, Vishwambhar Kori, Kanti Kumar, Gulab Rani her son Ram Kishore besides Raja Babu Shukla. Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan condoled the death and announced ex-gratia to next of kin of the deceased, those injured.He has announced assistance worth Rs one lakh each to next of kin of the deceased, Rs 50,000 to seriously injured and Rs 10,000 each to those who suffered minor injuries in the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17659017", "title": "Explain your stand on housing scandal, HC tells police", "text": "THANE: The Bombay high court on Monday directed the Thane police commissionerate to submit an affidavit clarifying its stand on the investigation in the multi-crore scandal in allotting tenements under the Basic Services for Urban Poor (BSUP) scheme.Arguing on behalf of RTI activist Kaustubh Gokhale, advocate Bharat Khanna pointed out that documents sourced through the RTI law from the Kalyan-Dombivli Municipal Corporation on the BSUP scheme revealed widespread corruption and malpractices by civic officials and political leaders. He added that the Thane police were reluctant to register an offence in the case.Gokhale had submitted documents to the Thane police about the misappropriation of funds in the Rs 654-crore welfare programme which was to provide near-free tenements to poor families from nine slum pockets in the twin townships, 40km from Mumbai.The police acknowledged that it was a perfect case to be probed under the Prevention of Corruption Act but declined to register an FIR, arguing that the case be handed over to the CBI. \"The police clarified that since 50% of the funds for the scheme was sponsored by the Centre, it was appropriate for the CBI to trace the money trail and register offences for misappropriation of funds,\" said Khanna.Thane police commissioner KP Raghuvanshi had written to the DGP in April 2012 asking the case to be shifted to the CBI. After TOI's report, Gokhale filed a criminal writ petition in the HC.The next hearing is on January 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17659015", "title": "Businessman murder suspect names kin", "text": "MUMBAI: The police have picked up one of the suspects in the Oshiwara firing case; but he has denied any role and instead named his cousin, who is not traceable. Witnesses to the murder had seen the suspect's cousin along with some of his associates in his jeep and the police suspect that one of them had fired at Ejaz Khan on Saturday.The police are also probing whether a Rajya Sabha MP, who was supporting a prominent developer, played any role in the murder. Police have also not ruled out the role of the underworld which had shown interest in the redevelopment of Millat Nagar in Oshiwara. The society consists of more than two dozen buildings.Ejaz and his family were opposing the re-development and the suspect's cousin, who too lived in one of the buildings, had a dispute with him. The cousin is a prime suspect in the case and has a criminal record. Earlier, he was associated with the Dawood Ibrahim gang.The police picked up the suspect on Saturday as he had a dispute with Ejaz. A couple of months ago, the suspect and Ejaz had fought and both had filed non-cognisable complaints against each other with Oshiwara police.On Saturday evening, Ejaz went for a walk near the garden when he was shot dead from a close range. After inquiring with the witnesses and examining the CCTV footage, the police learnt that the cousin was present at the spot at the time of the firing. The suspect was also present in the vicinity. The suspect told the police that he was not involved in the killing and it was a mere coincidence that he went for a walk near the garden when Ejaz was shot dead.A source said the suspect fled from the area after one of his cousin's associates instructed him to leave the spot as they had killed Ejaz.A senior officer said that prima facie, they found that Atahar Pappa Khan, who had a dispute with Ejaz and lived in the vicinity, is not involved in the crime.An officer said they suspect that the re-development of Millat Nagar could be the reason behind the killing but they are not ruling out personal enmity or other possibilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17658990", "title": "No cases cracked in 6 years", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Abandoned explosives and artillery material including live bombs and tank shells, besides bullets that were recovered remain a mystery for police authorities in the Tricity. The police have failed to solve even a single case regarding the recovery of these materials despite the fact that five persons, including three children lost their lives while trying to recover copper and iron from these shells during the past six years.In September 2009, three persons including Hari Chand, 18, Pradeep, 14 and Sachin, 8, were killed and seven others were injured while removing copper from bombs in Sector 21, Panchkula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17659294", "title": "Delhi gang rape case: Sleuths scanned buses for blood, examined local links", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"A boy and a girl are lying on the roadside, without any clothes, near the flyover at Mahipalpur on the road going towards Delhi Cantonment. A lot of people have gathered there,\" was the alert received at 10.25 pm on Sunday at the Delhi Cantonment police station. This sent Delhi Police into a tizzy.Those who rushed to the spot were not only from that police station but also from elsewhere in south Delhi. The man had made the sensational claim that his friend had been gang-raped and that he had been brutally assaulted by some men in a moving bus after they had boarded it at Munirka in south Delhi. No one had any doubt that when day broke, the city would be reeling under fear and shock with public confidence badly shaken.As the doctors began efforts to save the girl's life, the special staff of Delhi Police, supervised by additional DCP PS Kushwah and ACPs, moved quickly. Their teams spread across the south, looking for a white bus. By the early hours, informers were at work and all operators of such buses were rounded up. Their call details were procured and statements corroborated.The cops were basically looking for bloodstains and any similar sign of resistance in the buses. Almost 50 buses were thoroughly scanned. The word 'Yadav' was reportedly written on the bus, besides the words, \"school bus\" , which helped in narrowing down the search. The fact that the accused drove on south Delhi roads unperturbed indicated they knew the area well. So, local intelligence was activated.The victim's friend recalled seeing DL1PB of the licence plate of the bus. By afternoon, the cops had zeroed in on a bus hired by a school in Noida and Pushp Vihar after which the driver, Ram Singh, a resident of R K Puram area, was picked up. The bus (DL1PB0149 was impounded).Finally, Ram Singh broke down and revealed the identity of the accused. The rod which had been used to beat up the man was recovered. It was revealed that Ram Singh's brother , Mukesh, and the helper of the bus who generally slept inside were involved in the crime, along with five others. A manhunt was launched late in the evening. Sources said the accused belong to some slums in RK Puram and Uttar Pradesh. The owner of the bus, Praveen Yadav, was also rounded up. Later Mukesh and another accused , Kalu, had been apprehended.Forensic experts collected blood samples from the bus which was identified by the victim's friend who, sources said, could recognize the curtains and the seats. He also identified Ram Singh, a source said. Sources claimed by Tuesday morning all the accused will be in the police net.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17659568", "title": "Deputy commissioners provided evasive information on ministers' properties: RTI activist", "text": "SHIMLA: An RTI activist has accused deputy commissioners in Himachal Pradesh of making a mockery of the RTI Act by not replying to his query on land purchased by the chief minister, ministers and their family members at tourist destinations and of cash crop growing areas of the state.\"I had filed a chargesheet consisting of 30 issues on September 26, 2011, in the office of chief minister and filed an RTI application on October 25, 2011, to know its status,\" said RTI activist Devashish Bhattacharya. When the state government failed to respond to his application, he filed a complaint with the state information commission (CIC) on November 28, 2011. \"On the directions of the CIC, the state government provided me information but avoided to do so in case of to query number 19, that was 'How much land has been purchased by the CM, ministers and their family members in tourist destinations and cash crop growing areas of the state',\" he said.Bhattacharya said that when the government did not bother to provide information on this despite the CIC orders, he filed another complaint. \"The SIC called the deputy secretary, revenue, and ordered him to provide information,\" he added. The deputy secretary provided the information he had received already from various deputy commissioners of the state, he said. According to the information, no minister, chief minister or their family member possess any land in Una, Sirmaur, Shimla, Chamba, Mandi, Lahaul-Spiti, Bilaspur and Hamirpur. No information was forthcoming from Kullu, Kinnaur and Kangra. \"The Solan DC said information was not available in his office,\" Bhattacharya added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17658089", "title": "Rs 12 lakh given to railway pensioners", "text": "LUCKNOW: More than Rs 12 lakh was paid to railway pensioners during the Pension Adalat held at Lucknow division of North Eastern Railway (NER) on Monday. The pension adalat is held annually to settle the pension related grievances of the retired employees of railways. Railways had received 205 grievances, out of which 77, found genuine, were settled. Apart from railways, officers from the postal department and banks also participated in the adalat.VK Yadav, divisional railway manager, NER Lucknow directed the banks to make right payments to the pensioners in at least 15 matters. Besides, Pension Payment Orders (PPO) were issued in 66 other cases. The annual pension adalat is held after December 15 every year. The pensioners are asked to submit their grievances in advance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17659307", "title": "HDMC in deep slumber while commercial complexes in ruins", "text": "HUBLI: The lackadaisical attitude in maintaining commercial complexes in the twin cities seems to be costing the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) lakhs of rupees.Many complexes, which can be a good source of revenue for the HDMC if maintained properly, are in a dilapidated condition. The swimming pool complex, which is one of the biggest commercial complexes being run by HDMC, stands testimony to the corporation's negligence.About 60 shops, including electronic shops, computer shops, spare parts shop, glass works shops, hotels and automobile shops, are housed at this complex. Though the complex is just a stone's throw away from the main administration office of HDMC, it hardly gets any attention. At present, the corporation earns about 2-3 lakh monthly as rent. But lack of facilities at the complex is keeping many at bay.\"The wall of the main building has developed cracks. If it rains heavily, the building may collapse,\" said a businessman who runs an automobile shop in the complex.The corporation has failed to provide basic facilities here. There is no proper parking lot, toilets, drinking water facility and garbage disposal system. Lack of facilities is also forcing many shop keepers to think of shifting their business to other places, he added.\"People are hesitant to come to our shops as the complex is in a bad condition. If it is removed with adequate facilities, it could be a good revenue generating business for HDMC. And it will boost our business prospects also,\" Mohammed, another business man, said.Speaking to TOI, HDMC commissioner Y S Patil said: \"We have prepared a list of few complexes run by HDMC which lack basic facilities. On priority, we will take measures to provide parking lot and develop the complexes There are plans to renovate the swimming pool complex. Adequate fund will be earmarked in next budget.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17658998", "title": "Special kids make Ludhiana proud", "text": "LUDHIANA: A team of 22 blind people from the vocational rehabilitation training centre in Haibowal brought laurels to the city by performing brilliantly in the 19th Indian Blind Sports Association (IBSA) annual national sports meet.The sports meet was organized by the IBSA, New Delhi from December 11 to 14 at Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium. And marking their presence out of 22 students, 11 special students won medals in the national event.Sara Johnson, executive director of the institution said, \"The kids have been practicing for more than two months under their guidance of coaches Himanshu Ranjan and Saroj Kumari. We thanl all the sponsors who supported these kids morally as well as practically.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17658340", "title": "Awareness drives to help implement polybag ban", "text": "VARANASI: Varanasi Municipal Corporation (VMC) is planning to carry out extensive awareness drives for effective implementation of the ban on plastic bags.According to municipal commissioner RP Singh , from January onwards, no polythene bags will be allowed in the city. Informative advertisements will be screened during interval at multiplexes and shopping malls. Pamphlets describing the harmful effects of plastic bags will also be circulated at as many households in the city as possible. VMC may also hold meetings with members of Vyapar Mandal and other organisations to help take the message to the masses.Singh further said that in the first phase of the implementation of the ban, no shopkeeper in the entire city area would be allowed to keep polybags in his or her shop. This rule will also be imposed on vegetable sellers, fruit sellers and other roadside vendors. Recyclable and eco-friendly polybags however will be allowed in stores and retail shops. \"On the other hand, Vishwanath gullie area will be a completely polybag free zone. Neither shopkeepers nor devotees, tourists or locals will be allowed to carry plastic bags with them in that area. Prasad and other devotional articles including flowers will be given only in eco-friendly bags,\" he added.To monitor the entire task, health inspectors will carry out inspections and check the circulation of cheap polybags in the market places. \"While the idea of banning the polybags in entire city had already been conceived considering the condition of the ghats and river Ganga during Ganga Mahotsav celebrations, the decision of the high court to ban plastic bags in the state boosted the idea of a polythene-free city,\" said Singh.'Shoppers insist on polybags': Vinod, a street food vendor at Godowlia market knows nothing about the recent ban imposed on the use of plastic bags. Instead, he remarks, \"Customers often pester us with the demand for plastic bags. If I do not keep my stock of plastic bags ready, they will not come to my shop and the sale will be affected.\"Shopkeepers at busy markets like Godowlia, Chowk, Nai Sarak, Gurubagh said the demand for a polybag almost always follows a purchase. Aman Dwivedi, a shopkeeper at Gurubagh area said even if the customers are carrying their own bags, they still ask for plastic bags.It may be mentioned here that polythene bags of less than 40 micron thickness were already banned while a 200 metre radius of river Ganga has been declared a polythene-free zone. However, the use of polybags even near the ghats and river Ganga is so rampant in the city that locals dwelling in these areas are themselves not aware of the ban that was imposed earlier.The plastic bags are also a reason for blocked drains and sewer lines in many areas of the city. Plastics do not decay for centuries and stay in the environment. Toxic chemicals used in the manufacture of polythene and ordinary plastics may cause cancer or other diseases, apart from polluting water bodies, land and air during their disposal.According to the city health officer BK Singh, nine health inspectors keep a check on the use of poly bags in these areas and they also check the use of cheap polybags (less than 40 microns) in other areas of the city. Ensuring proper implementation of the ban, every health inspector gives out a minimum of five challans every day. However, putting the ball in the district administration's court, Singh informed that the expected targets are not achieved at present because of lack of strictness on the part of health inspectors under the district administration. From January 2012 to December 10, 2012, only 600 challans have been given out against shopkeepers selling articles in cheap bags, he informed further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17658496", "title": "Ranchi railway station to get two escalators", "text": "RANCHI: In a move to boost passenger amenities at Ranchi station, the railways has decided to install two escalators that will help both thousands of general passengers and disabled people a smooth crossover from one platform to another.If implemented, Ranchi will be the first railway station in the state to get the escalators. The Jharkhand Passengers' Association has been demanding the facility at the station for long. The Rs 1-crore project will be installed within four months. Railway authorities have decided to bring the equipment from China to ensure that it is a quality product and lasts long.Ranchi divisional railway manager G Malaya said, \"The facility is being installed to ensure passengers' amenity. It will also add a new look to the station. All formalities at the local level have already been made,\" he added.The escalator will be installed at platform No 1, which is used mostly for departure of important trains, and also at platform No. 4/5. The facility will connect other platforms with the entry platform as well. Only three platforms of the station here handle over 60 trains everyday. Platform Nos. 4 and 5 are not frequently used because lack of amenities. Around 70,000 people, including 20,000-odd people who come to see off their relatives and friends, use the station daily.Malaya said the railways had decided to improve the infrastructure at platform No 4/5 in view of the increasing passenger load at the station.Jayant Singh, a frequent traveller to Delhi, said, \"It (getting an elevator) would be an exciting thing to happen to Ranchi station. Currently, one feels awkward because of lack of infrastructure at the railway station while coming from Delhi and other metro cities,\" said Singh.Chotanagpur Passengers Association (CPA) vice-president Ashok Nagpal said the facility was the need of the hour at the station.\"The facility was needed mainly for children, elderly people, and ailing people and of course disabled people. The station currently poses a sorry state of affairs as there is no facility for the disabled people and they have to ride up the steps with much difficulty,\" Nagpal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17658446", "title": "Remote monitoring of solar power plant at MANIT a reality", "text": "BHOPAL: MANIT authorities can now actually keep a real time tab about the efficiency and power generation from the solar power plant set up in the campus. With an objective of making better use of solar power plants on the campus, the energy department of MANIT recently launched 'remote monitoring' of the newly installed solar power plant.\"This is for the first time that monitoring of solar power plant has been started on the campus. The objective is to understand the power generation and consumption,\" head of the energy department, said professor Saroj Rangnekar, who can now monitor the solar power plant from remote locations as it is connected through internet facility.She said it would enable the institute to install more power plants on the campus.\"Newly installed solar power plant is of 5KW capacity. \"Installation of power plant is part of the green campus drive in the MANIT. More solar power plants will be installed after the study of results from the new power plant,\" professor Rangnekar said.MANIT has planned to install solar power panels at the roof-top of hostels. \"Hostels are the best place for us to install more solar power panels.The process is in the pipeline. The installation depends on results of the newly installed power plant,\" she said.She added MANIT campus has some 3,800 students in the hostels. \"Opting solar power plant to such a big number of students will definitely bring the dependency on conventional sources of energy,\" she said.Earlier, director, MANIT, Dr Appu Kuttan K K inaugurated the power plant. According to MANIT, media incharge, H L Tiwari, CEO, ecotourism development board A K Bhattachrya and Shrikant Deshmukh of MP urja vikas nigam were the main resource persons.Addressing the gathering, both motivated the participants to take concrete steps to reduce energy consumption by 5%.A live practical demonstration of eco-friendly biomass stove was also displayed.Speaking to the participants the director said making MANIT a green campus is just a small beginning. He encouraged the students to work on the live projects for the development of the institute and the nation.Various competitions like essay writing, slogan writing, extempore and quiz competition were organised in which a large number of staff members of MANIT participated and exchanged their views on the energy conservation.The participants and organizers took the pledge to conserve the energy at their home and office by at least 5%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17656438", "title": "AIFF forms one-man committee", "text": "NEW DELHI: The All India Football Federation appointed Retd Justice AK Ganguly (former judge, Supreme Court) and chairperson West Bengal Human Rights Commission as an independent \"one-man committee\" to probe the incident that led to the falling through of the I-League match between East Bengal and Mohun Bagan on December 9 at the Salt Lake Stadium.Justice Ganguly will be giving directions accordingly and is expected to commence hearing on the subject issue from 24th December 2012 in New Delhi. AIFF and Mohun Bagan shall be given an opportunity to appear in the hearing through their respective authorised/legal representatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "17658264", "title": "Mhow farmers keep tab on global market to sell yield", "text": "MHOW: Far from the commercial buzz of a metro, farmers of a tehsil in a remote part of Madhya Pradesh are tracking the US markets to sell or hold their yield. Not only are they aware of modern farm techniques, these unlettered yet shrewd farmers are also able to manipulate the demand-supply of their produce depending on the prevalent international rates that affect their incomes directly.This fact came to light when Mhow SDM (sub divisional magistrate) Abhishek Singh carried out a survey with the farmers to find out the reasons for low intake of soyabean crop in the Mhow krishi upaj mandi in the month of September this year.An officer of the food department was given the task to meet maximum number of soya producers and gather information.In the survey, it was found that the big farmers of the region had stocked up the soya crop just because the rates of palm oil in US market were very low. Owing to this, the rates prevailing in central region of the state were Rs 200 to 300 lesser than the desired rates. It was also found that when the rates shot up in US, the rates here also got a boost and the farmers brought their crop into the market in return for better prices.A prominent farmer of the region, Ashok Patidar of Basi Pipri village told TOI that in September, the rates of soyabean were Rs 3000- 3200 per quintal because of low rates of palm oil in US.As this crop doesn't require very costly storage, the farmers find no problem in storing it. In October, when the rates went up, the rates here, in the mandi also rose to Rs 3400 to 3500 per quintal, on which there was a bumper intake of the crop in the mandis all over.Another farmer Manohar Anjna of Bhagora village in Mhow tehsil told TOI that many sons of the soil had done them proud by undergoing higher education and were now successfully employed in India and abroad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17658473", "title": "15 years after student stir, Rajasthan minister and BJP MLA get 3-yr jail term", "text": "JAIPUR: A lower court here on Monday sentenced the minister of state for medical and health Rajkumar Sharma, suspended BJP legislator Hanuman Beniwal and one other to three years imprisonment in a 15-year-old case of student protest over the J C Bose gangrape case in front of Maharaja's College.The court suspended the sentence and gave the trio one month's time to file an appeal in the district court failing which they will be arrested. Lawyers said that if they fail to get the conviction suspended, Sharma and Beniwal will not be able to fight assembly elections next year.Sharma, Beniwal and one Vijay Dehad who were student leaders at that time were handed out the maximum punishment under the IPC sections framed against them.The court of the additional chief judicial magistrate (ACJM) Vandana Rathore in its order commented that it would not tolerate any attack on the \"brave policemen\" who even have to guard politicians while they confront the public in their constituency. The politicians do not move around without police protection. The court said that such attacks on policemen who carry out their duties of maintaining law and order has a bad impact on their morale. The court even directed the director general of police (DGP) Harish Chandra Meena to ensure that no departmental action or punishment like transfer is undertaken against junior rank policemen who were prosecution witnesses in the case.\"Such student leaders go to the state assembly and Parliament in due course and instead of healthy debate, indulge in unruly behaviour that we see everyday. The court will not tolerate it,\" the bench said.Beniwal and Sharma are known for being vocal against each other in the state assembly. In April this year, Beniwal had been suspended from the state assembly for one year on the charges of abusing Sharma in the House.The student protest over the J C Bose gang rape case had taken place on September 8, 1997. Sharma and Beniwal were among student leaders protesting in front of Maharaja College. They had blocked the road in front of Maharaja College leading to Sawai Man Singh (SMS) Hospital.A team of Lalkothi police station had rushed to the spot. It was alleged in the FIR lodged by then sub-inspector Laxminarayan Bhinda that the police tried to disperse the protesters, but they clashed with the police and pelted stones at them. Two head constables - Manna Lal and Kherati Lal - sustained injuries in the clash.Sharma, Beniwal and Dehad were booked under sections 147 (rioting), 332 (causing hurt to deter a public servant from duty), 353 (assault or criminal force on public servant) and 336 (endangering human life).The court sentenced each of them to three years imprisonment under section 332 (to be read with section 149) and two years under section 353 of IPC.Sharma's lawyer Shyam Sunder Sharma told TOI that after receiving the certified copy of the court order, an appeal will be filed in the DJ court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17658114", "title": "Repeated disruptions over quota bill stall Lok Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: An unrelenting Samajwadi Party on Monday triggered protests in Lok Sabha on the bill providing for quota in promotions, demanding reservation for Muslims.The Lok Sabha was adjourned for the day without transacting any significant business, as it witnessed repeated disruptions by SP members.SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav , who has threatened to review support to the UPA coalition, led the protest as party members stormed the well repeatedly to oppose the move.Mulayam's party, which has 22 members in Lok Sabha and is a key outside supporter of the UPA, made a strong pitch in Rajya Sabha for reservation in jobs for Muslims contending that the Sachar Committee report showed their plight was worse than that of dalits.The SP protest showed that Uttar Pradesh politics cast its shadow on Parliament as the bill for providing quota for reservation in promotions in state jobs was brought forward following pressure from arch-detractor BSP.Parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath tried to calm tempers by talking to Mulayam between the adjournments. At one point, the discussion between Mulayam and Nath turned into an impromptu all-party meeting with members of several parties joining in.The Lok Sabha was adjourned for the day after four adjournments which saw several Congress members staging counter protests and demanding bringing the Bill for quota in promotion for SC/ST in government jobs.Soon after the House met, SP members led by Shailendra Kumar , trooped into the well saying a large number of government employees were on strike following anxiety over the bill providing for quotas to SC/ST in promotions in government jobs.Yogi Adityanath (BJP) was heard saying that a large number of government employees were facing anxious moments ever since the bill for quota in promotion was taken up by Parliament.However, as members were unrelenting Speaker Meira Kumar first adjourned the House till 11:30 am and later till noon.Similar scenes were witnessed when the House re-assembled at noon and Francisco Sardihna, who was in the chair, adjourned the proceedings till 2 pm after laying of papers.The House witnessed sloganeering when it met at 2 pm leading to adjournment for an hour and later for the day.Samajwadi Party has been opposing stridently government's move to introduce quota in promotion in government jobs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17658398", "title": "JNNURM works will be over by 2014, says PMC", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has told the state government that the pending work of Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) will be completed before the March 2014 deadline set by the Union government.In a written reply to the state government, the PMC administration has stated that the central government has sanctioned 11 projects under the JNNURM. The PMC has completed four projects; work on five projects is completed up to 85% and the remaining two projects are over 70% complete. The civic body has utilized Rs 1,585 crore for these projects so far. The pilot BRTS, Baner subway, Sangamwadi road and sewage treatment plant are the four completed projects.The JNNURM projects were to be completed by March 2012. But the Union government has extended the deadline to March 2014.The Centre had launched the JNNURM to improve infrastructure in 63 cities to match rapid urbanisation. For the JNNURM projects, the state's share is 20% and the Centre's share is 50%, while the local self-government body bears the remaining 30%.The mission encourages cities to improve infrastructure in a financially sustainable manner.It has two sub-missions - the urban infrastructure and governance and the basic services to urban poor. As part of the JNNURM, the PMC drew up the city development plan (CDP) with an outlay of Rs 6,643 crore. The 14 projects being covered by the mission included roads, storm water drains, bus rapid transit system, water supply, solid waste management, sewage treatment, river and lake improvement, and slum improvement and rehabilitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "pyongyang", "code": "17658920", "title": "North Korea\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s first lady has a baby bump?", "text": "PYONGYANG: The wife of North Korea's young leader might be pregnant, judging by video that shows her with what appears to be a baby bump. In the video aired on state TV, Ri Sol Ju is shown walking slowly next to her husband, Kim Jong-un, at the mausoleum where his late father's body was unveiled on Monday.There is no official word from Pyongyang about a pregnancy. In addition, Ri is shown wearing a billowing traditional Korean dress in black that makes it difficult to know for sure.North Koreans are reluctant to discuss details of the Kim family. Still there are rumours even in Pyongyang about whether the country's first couple is expecting. The announcement of the birth of an heir in the world's only communist dynasty would lift the nation's spirits on the first death anniversary of Kim Jong-il. There was speculation in October that Ri might be pregnant after she failed to appear in public for 50 days. Later in the month, a South Korean government source was quoted as saying that her face looked puffy and her stomach was 'visibly bulging'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17659494", "title": "Flooded De Beers' mine worries Diamond Trading Company sightholders", "text": "SURAT: Diamantaires in India, especially the Diamond Trading Company (DTC) sightholders are worried due to flooding of De Beers' Jwaneng diamond mine in Botswana, leading to production delays.Jwaneng is the world's largest and most prolific diamond mines contributing a major production of De Beers' total production of 31.3 million carats per year.Company sources said in the past few weeks, the area has received more than half of the region's annual rainfall. Some of the production areas in Jwaneng diamond mine were temporarily flooded. At this point it is not clear how this will affect the rough diamond supplies in the near term.Jwaneng is the biggest diamond mine in Botswana and one of the highest-value diamond mines in the world. It is one of four mines owned by Debswana, a 50:50 joint venture between De Beers and the Botswana government. Jwaneng contributes about 60-70 per cent of Debswana's earnings and Debswana in turn contributes about one-third of Botswana's gross domestic product.In the first week of December, Debswana had cut its forecast of diamond production this year to 19.9 million carats, largely because of a four-week stoppage of work at Jwaneng after the failure of a slope, or part of the wall of the open-pin mining area. Debswana produced 22.8 million carats last year.De Beers production fell 20 per cent to 19.82 million carats during the first nine months of 2012. As production has declined, De Beers said earlier that it will be unable to meet sightholders' short-term demand as expressed by their initial applications for goods for the year.De Beers rough sales to sightholders have decreased by 17 per cent to $4.74 billion dollars in the first 10 months of 2012.\"It is expected that De Beers is likely to further decrease its rough diamond sales to the sightholders in 2013 following the production delays in Jwaneng mine in Botswana. This will ultimately create a shortage of rough diamonds in the coming months,\" said a DTC sightholder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17657725", "title": "42-year-old conman held for duping SoBo traders with unique modus operandi", "text": "MUMBAI: The city crime branch on Monday arrested a 42-year-old man for allegedly duping south Mumbai traders.Puranchand alias Kamlesh alias Bhawarlal Jain was arrested from his residence at Prajakta Cooperative Housing Society, Shimpoli, in Borivli. There are around five-six cheating cases against Jain.According to the police, Jain's modus operandi was to first gain the trust of traders, particularly electric parts wholesalers. \"He would call up the trader and place orders. He would ask the trader to deliver the goods at a particular shop, promising to come and pay the amount. One the goods would be delivered, he would call the delivery man to some other place to collect the money. Meanwhile, he would go and pick up the goods and flee,\" said an officer. Jain duped a few traders in this manner Jain was caught with the help of his cellphone number that he had given to two of his victims. According to the police, on November 3, Jain called up Jitendra Ratwani, a wholesaler of electric parts near Mangaldas Market, became his first victim on November 3. Jain called up Ratwani and placed an order of goods worth Rs 48,000 and told Ratwani to send the goods in a taxi to an address in Mulund.\"Jain told Ratwani that when the deliveryman, Phoolchand Chaurasia, reaches Mulund, he should call him up. When Chaurasia called up Jain, he was told to unload the goods and called to another place. When Chaurasia reached the other address Jain's cellphone was switched off. When Chaurasia returned to the shop where the goods had been delivered, he was found that Jain had already collected them. That shopkeeper washed off his hands saying he doesnot know Jain,\" said the officer.In October, Jain had duped another electronic goods trader, Mohan Shete, by placing an order of goods worth Rs 92,000 at his Chembur shop. The police said that Jain had similarly cheated few more traders.\"We are interrogating the accused to know of his involvement in other cases as there are some unsolved cases pending in LT Marg and MRA Marg police stations,\" said the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17657751", "title": "Woman run-over by truck, dies", "text": "JAIPUR: A woman was killed on Monday evening when a truck ran over her at the 200 ft road. The driver fled from the scene while the truck has been seized by the police.Santosh Bairwa (32) along with her husband Rajesh Bairwa and son Gaurav were going to a hospital on Ajmer Road in the city when an over-speeding truck hit their bike, and due to its high speed it ran over Santosh. The woman's husband and son were saved from any injuries.\"The incident took place around 6pm in the evening. The driver fled immediately and our team is searching for him. We have registered a case against the driver and the truck has been seized. The victim was taking her son to a doctor,\" said SHO of Shyam Nagar police station.The victim is said to be from a village of Jaipur district. Both husband and wife are said to be workers and were residing near Delhi Public School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17658796", "title": "INS Cannanore celebrates a landmark with host of events", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: INS Cannanore, a modified Natya class minesweeper of the Indian Navy, celebrated its 25th year of service to the nation at Visakhapatnam on Monday. The anniversary celebrations were marked by a host of activities which included a painting competition for the children from Sankalp-a school for special children run by the Navy Wives Welfare Association (NWWA) and a traditional cake cutting ceremony conducted on board, in the presence of commander Prashanth Mohanan, the commanding officer of the ship.Commissioned on December 17, 1987 at Riga (erstwhile USSR), INS Cannanore forms a part of the 21 Mine Countermeasures (MCM) squadron based at the Eastern Naval Command. The ship derives its name from Cannanore (or Kannur as it is known in Malayalam), a coastal city in the North Malabar region of Kerala.Over the last 25 years, INS Cannanore has been actively involved in carrying out mine sweeping operations along the eastern seaboard. The ship is specially designed and equipped to clear sea mines from the coastal waters, sea lanes and enemy territory, thus creating waters that are safe to navigate.The ship also forms an integral part of the Naval defence force and has been involved in coastal surveillance and patrols off the coasts of Andhra Pradesh , Odisha and Tamil Nadu. Apart from her primary role of minesweeping, the ship has also been carrying out search, rescue and disaster relief operations.INS Cannanore has recently undergone an upgradation programme, during which she has been fitted with state of the art Mine Hunting Sonar Suites (MHSS) that give the ship a cutting edge capability in the field of mine hunting and make her a pioneer in the Indian Navy in the field of underwater robotics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "17656517", "title": "1,000 litres spurious liquor seized", "text": "KISHANGANJ: Jolted by two successive hooch tragedies in Bhojpur and Gaya, Kishanganj district administration has come down heavily on those involved in spurious liquor trade.Over a dozen bootleggers were arrested and over 1,000 litres of spurious country and foreign liquor has been seized across the district so far.On a specific direction from Kishanganj district magistrate, teams of excise officials as well as district authorities headed by SDO Kanwal Tanuj swooped down on hideouts where spurious liquor was being brewed and the shops thriving on illicit trade.The bootleggers were primarily arrested under Terhagachh, Thakurganj, Pothia and Kishanganj blocks, according to official sources. Amazingly, many of the illicit brewing points were located alongside Bihar-Nepal and Bihar-West Bengal borders where bootleggers expected to thrive on illegal brewing as well trade with impunity, away from the prying eyes of the authorities, official sources revealed. As the officials trailed the bootleggers, they came across many startling facts including how the bootleggers flourished allegedly under the patronage of some excise officials and the policemen, sources said. It is perhaps not without significance that as soon as the DM ordered a concerted drive against bootleggers, both the district excise superintendent as well as the inspector were transferred simultaneously, sources said. Civil sub-divisional officer (SDO) Kanwal Tanuj led teams of officials and raided several liquor vends and unearthed spurious liquor brewing centres during the past one week.Justifying the raids, Kishanganj DM Sandeep Kumar R Pudakalkatti on Monday the campaign against bootleggers had not only yielded good results, but it was also a warning to other such liquor venders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17658896", "title": "Pandemonium marks MC's last meeting", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The last monthly house meeting of the year 2012 ended with huge uproar on Monday after completing half of its business.The anger emerged following the haphazard approval of various developmental and policy-based agendas by misusing the national anthem due to which detailed discussion could not take place on the crucial issues. Later, BJP boycotted the lunch and alleged that Congress led MC has completely failed to provide any facilities to the public. They alleged that residents had to literally struggle to get basic facilities like water and sanitation.The proceedings of the House began at 11.15am and after confirmation of minutes, municipal councillors started a discussion on various public related issues. Due to the arguments among councillors, no agenda was discussed and passed till 2pm. Later, Congress members said as this is present mayor's last meeting all the agendas should be considered pass and everybody should proceed for a group photograph. BJP councillors started objecting, but in the meantime MC employees played the national anthem.Later, councillors of BJP started arguing with both city mayor and municipal commissioner for not adopting the system to run the meeting and demanded action against the employee who played the national anthem. Following this, BJP members boycotted lunch and while briefing media said, \"The present mayor's tenure failed to give any benefit to the citizens.\"Municipal councillor Arun Sood said, \"There were some crucial agendas like guidelines for the management of community centres, enhancing the tenure of MC employees and purchase of trolleys - where detailed discussion was required. But thanks to the tyrannical attitude of Congress led MC we could not do so. We will expose them in public.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17657622", "title": "227 autos, 19 taxis seized for not fixing e-meters", "text": "MUMBAI: The regional transport offices seized 227 autorickshaws and 19 taxis across Mumbai Metropolitan Region (MMR) for plying without recalibrated e-meters on Thursday.The state transport department has intensified its drive against autorickshaws and taxis who have failed to recalibrate their e-meters before the December 15 deadline. On Sunday, RTOs had impounded 231 autos and 28 taxis for not fixing their e-meters.Transport commissioner VN More said, \"As many as 2,743 vehicles-2,337 autorickshaws and 406 taxis-were checked across the MMR, including Thane, Kalyan and Navi Mumbai. We have detained 227 auto rickshaws and 19 taxis for not carrying out recalibration of their e-meters.\"At Tardeo RTO, 392 taxis were checked, of which 19 were detained. Since December 16, around 240 taxi drivers have come forward to get the meters of their vehicles recalibrated. So far, we have been able to recalibrate 16,287 taxis, an official from Andheri RTO said.At Wadala RTO, around 335 vehicles were checked but none were found without recalibrated e-meters, said an official.\"Recalibration is picking up in our zone as nearly 408 autos and 77 taxis have come forward. Of the 33,582 autos registered in our zone, 28,000 have completed recalibration. Of the 3,986 taxis registered in our zone, only 750-800 remain to undertake meter recalibration,\" said the official.In Andheri, as many 422 autos and 87 taxis came forward to carry out recalibration. In Andheri RTO, 279 vehicles were checked, of which 4 autos were detained. An official said that Andheri RTO managed to collect penalties worth Rs 64,200 from vehicles that had violated the rules under the Motor Vehicles Act.Autos and taxis with e-meters has been given December 15 deadline for recalibration and those with mechanical have a January 31, 2013 deadline.A driver who fails to recalibrate the meter before the deadline will be charged a compounding fee of Rs 700 or face suspension of license for a minimum of seven days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17659021", "title": "Centre to get detailed project report in week", "text": "LUDHIANA: The government of Punjab is all set to send a detailed project report (DPR) of the Ludhiana Metro Project to the government of India in a week. The residents too are eager to start availing the Metro services as soon as possible.Providing details, Ludhiana municipal commissioner R K Verma, said, \"Punjab will send the DPR to the Government of India for approval within a week's time. The project needs Centre's approval as it is contributing 20% towards its cost.\"Sources said if the DPR is sent to the government of India they will take their own time as they too will seek advise from Ministry of Finance , Urban Development ministry and Ministry of railways before giving a final nod to the project.Ludhiana mayor Harcharan Singh Gohalwaria, said, \"Once the final DPR is submitted to the Union government we will keep in touch with the concerned department for the approval of the project and thereafter start the work after funding. Once funds are here things will speed up.\"Meanwhile, residents want the project to start without any further delay. Tarun Nayyar, a chartered accountant of SBS Nagar, said, \"In a congested city like Ludhiana, we are looking forward to avail the services of Metro as hopefully it will ease the traffic on roads. I hope the funds are granted without any delay to meet the completion deadline.\"Another resident Sumit Trivedi, a marketing student of Ferozepur Road, said, \"We expect the concerned authorities to send the DPR as soon as possible so that the Centre approves the project and works starts on time. I feel the entire student community will be one of the main beneficiaries of the project as they will save time by travelling in it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17658934", "title": "Tisha takes readers back to school", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Get ready to go back to the memory lane of school where there is drama from hallways to dining hall with a teenager dealing with expectations, reality and assumption. Tisha Khosla's sequel \"Pink or Black 2\" has all the drama and more.City-based author Tisha said, \"I have stories in me that want to come out and that is what inspires me to write.\" The sequel was launched on Monday.The book brings alive all the high drama at high school which every teenager goes through. Her stories are usually youth oriented, which youngsters can easily connect with.Residing in Mumbai at present, the author dreams to direct a movie made out of her own books. Talking about her plans she said, \"My next would be a thriller.\"The city-based author who began writing at 16, said, \"Pink or Black 2' will conclude with a prequel. I also plan to direct a film based on the three books.\"The book talks about the teenage phase of Tiana (the main character of the book) where she goes through lots of ups and down - her friends turn mean and \"lunch\" group friends have been taken over by newcomers. The book unfolds all the drama which the author brings to life with wit and understanding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17658603", "title": "War against Naxalites goes digital in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand police have acquired advanced 3D mapping software which helps them able to track and chase Maoists sitting right in their offices. The Red rebels often flee deep into the forests and use the green cover to hide and also as a shield to launch counter-offensive against the security forces.Superintendents of police of Naxalite-affected districts and senior officers of the CRPF, Combat Battalion for Resolute Action (CoBRA) and Jharkhand Jaguar , who mostly lead the operations, have been provided with TERA software to study geographic locations in forests. TERA affords a three-dimensional view of alleys in the forests and thinly inhibited villages.The software enables police to locate smaller hamlets with exact latitudinal and longitudinal position on the globe as it uses comprehensive data provided by the Survey of India.The software, developed by a private firm and customized by the science and technology department of the Centre only for Jharkhand police, was made available to the force about three to six months back in different districts. Ranchi district got it six months back. \"The software was first used by us and now other states also started using the same,\" said S N Pradhan, Jharkhand police spokesperson and Special Branch IG.A report prepared by South Asia Terrorism Portal (SATP) has claimed that Jharkhand has earned a dubious distinction of recording one of the highest civilian fatalities among all the Maoist-affected states. The report also said 233 security personnel died in the state from 2005 till January 2012.Pradhan said, \"The advanced technology has given us an upper hand against the Naxalites.\" Usually, the rebels had a better knowledge than the men in uniform on the forest terrain.According to experts, security personnel have suffered massive casualties because of lack of knowledge about safe exit points. \"Earlier, the security forces used to return mostly through the same route which they used as entry point. At times, the Naxalites used to put up landmines at the exit points and trigger explosions,\" said an IPS officer.After acquiring the software, the security forces are now directed to use different routes to enter or exit a place of operation. \"Now, the rebels are not aware as to which route the security forces use for exit,\" said Ranchi ASP (operation) Shambhu Kumar.Before every anti-Naxalite operation, SPs usually hold a meeting with a projector in which the terrain is displayed on a 3D screen to the senior officers engaged in the raid.\"A detailed map of the area where the operation has to be carried out is provided to the officers,\" an SP said.The SPs, while sitting in their offices, can direct the forces about their movement. The personnel, at times, are also informed about the possible ways which the rebels might have used to escape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17660455", "title": "Ekta takes up cudgels for Kamal Haasan", "text": "She'll help the actor convince multiplex owners to allow TV premiere of VishwaroopamThat PVR and other multiplex chains in northern India have threatened to boycott Kamal Haasan's film Vishwaroopam , irked by his decision to premiere it on a direct-to-home (DTH) platform hadbeenreportedbythisnewspaper. However, Kamal, who is arriving in Mumbai today to try and convince multiplex owners to lend him their support, now has reason to smile. Mirror has learnt Ekta Kapoor , whose Balaji Motion Pictures is the distributor for Vishwaroopam, and Javed Akhtar have decided to throw their weight behind Kamal.Even as the owner of PVR Cinemas Ajay Bijli maintained his stance, Ekta chalked out a plan to tackle the opposition. And the strategy looks simple: get somemultiplexchainstobreakranks and alienate PVR.Yesterday, a source close to Ekta told TOI, \"Ekta wants to convince everybody that releasing a film on the DTH platform will not adversely affect the business of multiplexes.\"Meanwhile, PVR Cinemas refused to relent. \"Our stand on the issue remains unchanged. We will not screen Kamal Haasan's film if it is released first on satellite television,\" said Gautam Datta,COO of PVR.Cinemax too is toeing the line just because it is controlled by PVR now.However, Ekta's game plan seems to be working already. Apparently, she has garnered the support of prominent single-screen owners and afew multiplex chains.Revealed the source, \"We already have the support of Manoj Desai who owns Gaeity and Galaxy. Some prominent single screen theatres have decided to support Ekta.\"We tried contacting Fun and Fame. While there was no response from Fun, the Fame spokesperson said they don't have any particular stand on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17657842", "title": "Seven conferred with first 'Rajasthan Ratna' award", "text": "JAIPUR: The auditorium of Jawahar Kala Kendra (JKK) on Monday evening wore a festive look with a band playing folk and patriotic songs and a mammoth gathering of people. The occasion was to felicitate artists from different fields with the first 'Rajasthan Ratna' award.The state government on March 30, 2012 had instituted 'Rajasthan Ratna' awards for persons who have made distinguished contributions in the fields of art, culture and literature. The function was attended by governor Margaret Alva, chief minister Ashok Gehlot and minister of art and culture Bina Kak and other dignitaries.Those conferred with the award included famous Maand singer Allah Jilai Bai, poet Kanhaiyalal Sethia, authors Komal Kothari, Laxmi Kumari Chundawat and Vijay Dan Detha, ghazal singer Jagjit Singh and Grammy award winner Vishwa Mohan Bhatt. Except for Chundawat, Detha and Bhatt, the rest have been conferred the award posthumously.The awardees were given Rs 1 lakh as cash, a shawl and a citation by the state governor, chief minister and minister of art and culture. The state award is on the lines of the highest civilian award 'Bharat Ratna' that is conferred by the Centre.Vijay Dan Detha and Laxmi Kumari Chundawat who were on wheelchairs were received by the dignitaries sitting on the dais. Likewise, Bina Kak, minister of art and culture held Komal Kothari's widow's hand when she struggled on stairs to reach the centre stage.Arman, the grandson of ghazal maestro Jagjit Singh and Dr Aziz, late Allah Jilai Bai's grandson were there to receive the awards. Later, the awardees obliged their fans with autographs and photographs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17659403", "title": "Workshop trains blind students in software", "text": "MYSORE: A five-day workshop that began here on Monday aims at training the visually impaired in computer applications, as many are not aware of the specially developed applications.The workshop is being organized by JSS Polytechnic for Differently Abled in association with National Institute for Visually Handicapped. Candidates are being introduced to softwares for the visually challenged, Windows basic, MS Word, MS Excel, Job Access with Speech, internet and email. Explaining about the workshop, programme co-ordinator Raghu M B told TOI: \"This will help empower the visually impaired. Computer and internet knowledge is a must these days, and they should not be deprived of the same.\"Around 40 students from National Federation of the Blind, Paterama School for Blind and Hellen Keller Government Training Centre for Blind are participating in the workshop.The participants are also being exposed to the use of computers. \"The applications taught here are relevant, and this makes them compete with others. This will also build confidence in them. Little knowledge of English language is necessary to learn the software,\" said Shankar S, a lecturer.\"The workshop is useful for our survival. It is good opportunity for us to learn,\" said Jagadish, a participant.Speaking at the workshop, N R Vijay, deputy director of department of women and child welfare, said: \"Education is losing its value in the technology-driven world. It is high time values are brought in education.\"He also highlighted the opportunities that the workshop can create. \"It will bring confidence among children to face the future and create better job opportunities for them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17657941", "title": "Indian Institute of Technology - Madras MBA open to arts grads", "text": "CHENNAI: From the next academic year, arts graduates too can lay claim to a management seat at the Indian Institute of Technology - Madras. The institute, which so far allowed only engineering graduates and postgraduate students from other departments to apply for its MBA course, has decided to relax the eligibility criteria from 2013. IIT-Delhi is likely to follow suit in 2014.\"Now, the batches comprise only engineering students, except for one or two from other streams. We would like to see diversity in the classroom,\" said G Srinivasan, head, department of management studies (DoMS) at IIT-M.Till last year, students with an engineering background, postgraduate science students and PG commerce and economics students were eligible for the course. The institute is encouraging all graduates to apply for the 2013 course, provided they have the requisite scores in the Common Admission Test. From 2010 IIT-M, along with five other IITs in the country decided to accept CAT scores instead of the results of the Joint Management Entrance Test conducted by the IITs.Two years ago some of the Indian Institutes of Management decided to break the monotony in their classrooms by awarding additional marks to women and non-engineers. IIM faculty members said that with many of them coming from a similar background, getting the same exposure in college, and confronted with pretty much the same issues, they tended to think alike and offered similar solutions to problems.Speaking about the benefits that could accrue from encouraging diversity in the classroom, Thillai Rajan, associate professor at DoMS, IIT, said, \"In real life there is no one correct way of handling a difficult situation. Multiple perspectives offer more solutions. In the professional world it is important to come across and accept multiple views to find the best solutions to problems.\"Some faculty members expressed the opinion that candidates who did not study mathematics in at least higher secondary classes in school found it difficult to cope with some subjects in the MBA course, like operational research. Many arts students come from a non-mathematical background. Management professors at IIT-Madras said this would not prove an obstacle because the institute would offer opportunities to strengthen their maths skills.MBA aspirants can apply for admission online from January 1 to 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "17658242", "title": "Thrissur set to be an e-district from Jan", "text": "THRISSUR: The first phase for making Thrissur an e-district will begin from January.The project will help citizens apply for a range of certificates from caste to community certificate without visiting the respective departments. As many as 20 revenue certificates will be made available online through Akshaya centres in the first phase.Apart from the revenue certificates, possession certificate, nativity certificate, relationship certificate and other certificates will also be made available through this programme.Certificates of birth, death and marriage that are issued by local bodies, new ration cards, duplicates of ration cards and queries for RTI will also be answered through the Akshaya centres once the e - district mission is launched.The e- district software has been developed by the national informatics centre (NIC). K Suresh, district informatics officer, said, \"The mission will be launched in January and its full - fledged function will begin from April, next year. With the implementation of the e- district mission, citizens need not go to village offices to get revenue certificates. They can approach any Akshaya centre and can file application for certificates online and get their certificates online.\"An e-district society has been formed with the district collector as the chairman to supervise the functioning of the mission. Citizens need to pay just Rs 20 for filing an online application through the Akshaya centres.People can even send the RTI query through the Akshya Centre and they will receive reply through the Akshaya centre from the concerned officer.Around 30 revenue certificates will be made available online once the project is completed, said Suresh.The state government has given Rs 10 lakh for the initial phase of the mission. The pilot project of the mission in the state was started in Kannur and Palakkad district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17658188", "title": "Two sub-inspectors suspended", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two sub-inspectors were suspended on Monday for demanding money from a complainant who approached the police against people who had reportedly usurped his land.Virendra Singh Bhadauria and Rajendra Singh, deputed at Madiaon police station as sub-inspectors were suspended by senior superintendent of police R K Chaturvedi after an inquiry into the allegations on Monday evening.It was alleged that the Singh duo had demanded certain amount from Omprakash, complainant who approached the Madiaon police. Omprakash's piece of land located at Rampur village was allegedly usurped by few people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kiruna (sweden)", "code": "17659666", "title": "Sweden offers to be gateway to space", "text": "KIRUNA (SWEDEN): Sweden's small Arctic town of Kiruna has an international airport with regular flights to London and Tokyo , but it has even bigger plans: to offer commercial space flights. Spaceport Sweden, a company founded in 2007, hopes to be able to provide the first flights within a decade from Kiruna's airport.\"We're working on establishing commercial flights from Sweden to space for tourism and research , and to create a launching pad at the airport,\" explained the company's enthusiastic director, Karin Nilsdotter, seated in her office at the Swedish Institute of Space Physics (IRF).The idea is that space tourists would take off for a maximum two-hour trip into space aboard futuristic spacecraft currently undergoing testing, which resemble a cross between an airplane and a space shuttle and which can carry between one and six passengers.The sub-orbital flights will send passengers 100 kilometres above Earth and allow them to experience five minutes of weightlessness. Kiruna's location in the far north of Sweden, and Europe, makes it a prime location for space flights, Nilsdotter said. The space flights would not be disturbed by heavy air traffic, nor is the region a densely populated area.The wide-open spaces within Sweden's borders also mean no bureaucratic red-tape to be resolved with other countries.Kiruna also has 60 years experience of space research to its credit. IRF was founded in 1957 and the Swedish space research and rocket centre Esrange, located in the town, was founded in 1966. \"We have to use this knowledge to create a unique adventure with global impact: space travel,\" Nilsdotter insisted.\"Even if it's too early to give any figures, market studies show there is potential for 14,000 travellers after 10 years of business,\" she added.Spaceport Sweden is not building its own spacecraft, but will instead collaborate with a company that is doing so, she says. In the US, several companies are already developing aircraft capable of carrying space tourists, such as Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17658632", "title": "Chopper plan churns up Sunderbans", "text": "KOLKATA: Ever thought of taking a chopper ride over the country's largest mangrove forest and spotting the Bengal Tiger chasing its prey amidst the green! If state tourism minister Krishnendu Narayan Chowdhury has his way, helicopter rides may soon be started in Sunderbans, much to the chagrin of environmentalists and wildlife experts.\"Sunderbans is a world heritage site and holds a huge tourism potential. Our chief minister Mamata Banerjee has mentioned several times that Sunderbans will be an ideal destination for international tourists. Through the helicopter service, I want to showcase Sunderbans to the rest of the world,\" Chowdhury proudly said.But environmentalists feel that such a move will affect the fragile ecosystem of the mangroves. \"Sunderbans will never be Sunderbans if such a service is introduced. If the showcasing of environment harms the environment, the end result will be disastrous. The wildlife does not like noise and the one generated by helicopter will create restlessness among animals. Moreover, if the helicopter flies low, the result will be all the more disastrous,\" said environmentalist and former director general of Zoological Survey of India, Asish Ghosh.However, Chowdhury, who hit upon the plan during his recent Sikkim trip, is resolute to prove his mettle as a minister andbelieves the chopper service will boost both the state's sagging tourism industry and earn revenue.\"I was amazed by the tourism potential the chopper ride holds. The waiting list for the chopper ride is 90 days. The Sikkim government is minting money. Why cannot we replicate it when we have such a world class destination like Sunderbans?We have planned a helipad right at Gosaba from where it can take tourists for a 30-50 minute ride, hovering over Sunderbans,\" Chowdhury said, adding that he has already apprised Mamata Banerjee of it.He stressed that chopper rides will increase chances of tiger sighting at least by 80%. while now only few tourists get lucky to catch a glimpse of the national animal.\"This will be the biggest attraction to tourists. There can be three to four trips a day. We are also thinking of luxury cruise to Sunderbans so that premium class tourists can spend nights in the boats itself,\" said Chowdhury.Environment crusader Subhas Dutta said, \"During one of my trips back from southern India, the flight I took hovered around Sunderbans due to increment weather. I was trying to see if anything could be seen. But nothing except all pervasive greenery was visible from the sky. It is an absurd idea to even think of helicopter service in the ecologically sensitive Sunderbans.\"A senior forest department officer said that even if environment issues are put aside, it will be a futile exercise as unlike African forests, Sunderbans hardly has any open grassland where animals can be seen from a height. The dense green canopy will prevent an aerial view. Moreover, the noise would further push animals to places with greater green covers.He added that a feasibility study will make it clear how absurd the idea is. Moreover, it is easier said than done to introduce something fancy in Sunderbans as it enjoys the immunity of various national and international laws. This is why the Sahara project got stuck during the environment impact assessment (EIA). So it will take a long time and huge energy to implement such hazardous options.Tushar Kanjilal, one of the very few persons engaged for the welfare of people of the mangroves, said: was anxious about the behavioural and physical changes of the wildlife.\"The animals might suddenly turn furious and attack others. Birds and other insects might go extinct by sudden exposure to intense noise. If it is introduced, I fear, the international organisation might revoke the world heritage tag,\" he said.Wildlife activist Colonel Shakti Banerjee said, \"It is nothing but madness. The core area of Sunderbans acts as a perfect shelter for animals. It will be gone, if choppers hover around it.\"Earlier, too, the West Bengal Government had approached the Union ministry of civil aviation for a dedicated helicopter service to the Sunderbans. \"We have approached the Centre to start 'heli-tourism' in the Sunderbans and have even invited officials from the ministry of civil aviation and Pawan Hans to visit the area and study its viability at the earliest. But the green signal is yet to come,\" said a transport department official.In order to do something spectacular as the new minister of the state for tourism, Krishnendu Narayan Chowdhury revived the plan of helicopter trips over the mangrove habitat of Royal Bengal tigers, much to the anguish of environment activists and wildlife experts. However, Krishnendu Narayan Chowdhury is resolute in implementing this measure, which he feels will boost the state's sagging tourism industry and earn revenue for the cash-starved government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17659311", "title": "Shettar seeks seers' blessings on birthday", "text": "HUBLI: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar, who had been harping that it was the party which gave him the post changed track on Monday by giving the credit to seers and people.\"I struggled a lot and toiled hard to build the party to come this position,\" Shettar said at a function organized to celebrate his 57th birthday here.Shettar chose to celebrate his birthday publicly in the presence of seers as former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa had tried to project him as anti-Lingayat, when he had stayed away from a mass marriage function organized by the Moorusavira Mutt. At the function on Monday all seers heaped praises on Shettar including seer Shivamurthy of Chitradurga and Gurusidda Rajyogindra Swami of Moorusavira Mutt.Budget in FebruaryShettar said he would present his first budget in February, which will be people and farmer friendly. \"I learnt many things in my five months' tenure as CM which I couldn't have done in five years,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17659577", "title": "Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology panel to probe harassment", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology (OUAT) on Monday constituted a four-member committee to probe harassment allegation of a girl student against a varsity teacher.The second year student at varsity's College of Horticulture at Chipilima near Sambalpur had allegedly attempted suicide on December 11 by slashing her wrist because of alleged mental pressure from the faculty member. She was admitted to VSS Medical College and Hospital, Burla. The matter, however, came to light on Saturday after her parents lodged a protest with the college authorities.OUAT dean (agriculture) Manoranjan Kar said the four-member panel, comprising Prof. S K Rout and S K Panda from Bhubaneswar besides Dr Srabani Das (superintendent of the hostel where the girl has been staying) and R N Mohanty, will submit a report by December 24.\"Basing on the inquiry report, we will take further action,\" Kar told TOI.The girl from Bargarh district, has alleged in her complaint to the college authorities that the teacher, an associate professor, called her to his chamber during odd hours. When she did not oblige, the teacher rebuked her in front of other students and blackmailed her to award poor marks in her practical studies. She was reportedly hesitant to confide the matter in her family because her father is sick. During preliminary inquiry, some of her batch mates corroborated her version, college sources said.The girl joined the college after a written assurance from the associate dean to her parents that she will not be harassed. \"I assure that your daughter will be in safe hands on the campus of College of Horticulture,\" associate dean D K Dash wrote to the girl's parents. Dash told TOI that he has forwarded his preliminary findings to the varsity authorities in Bhubaneswar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17656456", "title": "Rizvi win Vinoo Mankad tourney", "text": "MUMBAI: Rizvi Springfield, representing Mumbai District, won the Vinoo Mankad under-16 state cricket tournament, organised by the District Sports Office, beating Aurangabad District by 161 runs in a Twenty20 final held in Akola.This is the 10th Vinoo Mankad state title for the Bandra school that has been participating in the tournament for more than a decade.Batting first, Rizvi Springfield, riding on Prithvi Shaw's 70 and Piyush Nath's half century, set up a 226-run target for the Aurangabad outfit. Osama Parkar (33), Bipin Yadav (30) and Siddharth Singh (31) chipped in with quickfire cameos. Chasing a mammoth target, Aurangabad were bundled out for 65 in 11.5 overs. Rizvi won by 161 runs.Brief scores (Final): Rizvi Springfield Mumbai District 226/6 in 20 overs (Prithvi Shaw 70 (8x4 3x6), Piyush Nath 57 (3x4 4x6), Osama Parkar 33, Bipin Yadav 30, Siddharth Singh 31, Sujit Bhalerao 3/40, Akhilesh Chavan 2/40) beat Aurangabad District 65 all out 11.5 overs (Sairaj Shetty 2wkts, Ali Asim 2wkts, Piyush Nath 2wkts, Azim Shaikh 2wkts) by 161 runs.JVPG Club to host richest tennis tourney: In excess of Rs 12 lakh will be up for grabs in the Juhu Vile Parle Gymkhana (JVPG) Club's All-India Men's &amp; Women's Tennis Tournament, to be hosted at their premises from January 28 to February 3, 2013, making it one of the richest domestic tournaments in the country.The men's winner will take home Rs 1.25 lakh, while the women's winner will be richer by Rs 75,000. There will also be events in the men's and women's doubles, besides the mixed doubles.Entries for the tournament will close on January 7, 2013 and should be sent to the All India Tennis Association. The singles main draw will be for 32 entries with 20 direct entries, 8 qualifiers and 4 wild cards, while the doubles main draw with be for 16 entries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17658612", "title": "Light armour by Kolkata experts", "text": "KOLKATA: Efforts by scientists at the Central Glass and Ceramic Research Institute in Jadavpur, Kolkata, have resulted in the development of composite armour that could replace heavy metal plates that are normally used to protect vehicles from armed attacks.According to sources, the innovation holds great promise and the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) is trying to commercialize it jointly with Ficci.\"It is a unique technology that can produce lightweight, maintenance free and easily repairable material known as Ceramic Composite Integral Armour (CCIA). The material is lighter and more efficient than metals. The technology can be used to manufacture large and complex structures with integral ceramics. Conventional armour is made in flat rectangular pieces and can't be applied to complex curved structures whereas the CCIA can easily comply with complex shapes,\" a source revealed.Armour plates are used for VIP vehicles as well as those used during low intensity conflict and urban warfare systems. Unmanned vehicles also require armour plating for ballistic protection. So do underwater structures, assault boats, aircrafts and helicopters.The greatest challenge faced by designers of armour-plated vehicles is how to provide adequate protection while keeping the weight down. Weights of vehicles go up, rendering them inefficient, as more armour plates are added.The CCIA promises to be more than 40% lighter than conventional armour plates. Another challenge is to shape the chunky armour plates to cover bends and curves.The ceramic armour can be adequately 'moulded' to cover bends and curvesall parts.\"Large structures such as armoured vehicles and assault boat hulls which have complex shapes and curves can be made with few pieces and minimum joints. This adds more strength to the structure.The material can be made watertight and amphibious. Fabrication time is lowered, bringing down costs. Easy repair of damaged armour is possible due to the modular structure. It basically comprises small ceramic tiles.CCIA has a ceramic layer, rubber layer, composites structural layer, cover layer and other functional layers for specific purposes like fire-protection. The ceramic layer provides primary ballistic protection,\" added the source.Sources in the DRDO said that the technology will also be used by Indian security agencies. The need for advanced armour plating has gone up in recent times. Nearly all VIP vehicles are fitted with armour plates to protect those inside from bullets and explosives. Mine-protection vehicles are also in great demand for use in insurgency-affected areas.\"This is a great innovation that may do away with the need to use metals as protective sheets. Experiments are going on across the world to use ceramics as armour,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17658946", "title": "BSF nabs GNLA 'area commander'", "text": "SHILLONG: The Border Security Force (BSF) and Meghalaya Police in a joint operation on Sunday nabbed a self-styled \"area commander\" of the outlawed Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) and his accomplice, a source said on Monday. Six Bangladeshi 'illegal immigrants' were also captured on Monday at Baghmara by the BSF unit deployed there.Acting on a specific intelligence input, BSF troops - deployed at Gumaghat in South West Khasi Hills - along with the state police conducted a raid in the house of one Kumari Sangma at Lowar Puksora and nabbed the duo.The arrested GNLA militant was identified as Pollop D Sangma of Warima Basti Village, East Garo Hills district, while his accomplice was identified as Lakmasan Sangma of Lowar Puksora Village, South West Khasi Hills.\"One motorcycle (ML-05-A-1354) and Indian currency of Rs 49,500 was recovered from them,\" said a spokesperson for the BSF.\"During preliminary questioning, the duo said they were involved in extortion and other militant activities of the GNLA in South West Khasi Hills. They had weapons earlier but these were not found at the time of arrest,\" a BSF statement said.In another operation, BSF troops deployed at Baghmara in South Garo Hills district of Meghalaya apprehended six Bangladeshi 'illegal immigrants' while they were infiltrating from Bangladesh to India near Border Post 1151/3-s.\"During questioning, the apprehended Bangladeshi nationals revealed that they intended to go to the coal quarries in Nongalbibra coal mine areas in the South Garo Hills,\" a BSF release read.\"The apprehended persons, identified as Ashim Hajang, Romen Ch. Marak, Niboyrichl, Seru Chisin, Tusaru Ram and Washington Chisn, all from Netrakona district of Bangladesh, have been handed over to police,\" the BSF added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17659489", "title": "Trio molest girl in heart of Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Three youths, including two civil engineers of private companies, were arrested on Monday for allegedly molesting a girl near Ram Mandir on Sunday evening.The accused stalked the girl, who was talking to a man at a solitary place behind Ram Mandir, and groped her. They allegedly manhandled the girl's male companion when he tried to oppose their behaviour.But the trio's audacity of eve-teasing at a public place cost them dear as locals caught hold of them after the girl, who works at a private company, raised an alarm.\"Locals nabbed the accused and informed us. We arrested them based on the complaint of the girl,\" said Manoj Kumar Samant, inspector in-charge of Kharavelnagar police station. The accused were booked under section 354 (outraging modesty) of IPC.Samant denied the girl knew any of her tormentors. \"The accused were not known to her earlier. The youths were drunk and stalked her with ill intension,\" the inspector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17657929", "title": "Chennai staring at a parched summer", "text": "Chennai is likely to face an acute drinking water shortage this summer with the tardy north-east monsoon failing to replenish the city's reservoirs.Officials in the state's water resources department (WRD) have their brows creased as only water for three months' supply is left in its reservoirs, forcing them to scout for alternatives. The combined water level in the four reservoirs -- Red Hills, Poondi, Chembarambakkam and Cholavaram -was 5,321 million cubic feet (mcft) as on Monday, the lowest since 2003. While the water level in Poondi is 133.76ft compared to 138ft during the same time last year, Cholavaram recorded 57ft against 64ft in 2011, Red Hills 44.24ft against 47ft and Chembarambakkam, 75.09ft against 81.67ft. Officials say there is a shortfall of more than 6,000mcft of water.WRD officials said lower rainfall in catchment areas, exploitation of groundwater and poor rainwater management are the reasons for the shortage. To make up the shortfall, the government will have to depend on Krishna water released from the Kandaleru reservoir in Andhra Pradesh.\"As a result of repair work upstream, the amount of water released by Andhra Pradesh is erratic and much less than what is due under the Krishna water sharing agreement,\" said a senior WRD official. He said a team of officials from Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh had visited the site where work is on to repair a canal at Uppa lamadugu in Andhra Pradesh.\"We hope the state government completes the repairs fast and increases the water supplied to TN. By January we expect AP to release 800 cusecs of water every day,\" said a senior WRD department official.According to the agreement, Andhra Pradesh has to release 12 thousand million cubic feet (tmcft) of water every year from the Kandaleru reservoir to meet the drinking water needs of Chennai. Metrowater officials say the city's current water demand is around 1,150 million litres per day (MLD). Urban planners and WRD officials are working on measures to bridge the shortfall. \"We are undertaking works under the master plan artificial recharge scheme, for which the government has sanctioned `550 crore to build check dams and artificial recharge structures,\" said a WRD official, adding that the first phase of the project would be completed by March 2013.He said the water department is working with the agriculture and forest departments to identify supplementary catchment areas. Water experts have pitched for restoring lakes and other water bodies as a more sustainable solution. \"While building check dams is commendable, the government must focus more on restoring water bodies.A strict monitoring mechanism must be put in place to ensure that all buildings have rainwater harvesting systems. The government must also take strict measures to make sure that industries don't come up in catchment areas,\" said T K Ramkumar, an advocate who was part of a six-month study that analysed the water situation for Metrowater. Chennai has over 3,000 water bodies, including 1,500 lakes and 29 water tanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17658414", "title": "58 TV sets stolen from Hadapsar shop", "text": "PUNE: Unidentified people broke into an electronics shop in Hadapsar and made away with 58 LED and LCD television sets in the wee hours of Monday. The cops pegged the total value of the stolen goods at Rs 13.88 lakh.A complaint has been lodged with the Hadapsar police by owner of Icon Electronics Sanjay Sapkal.Assistant inspector of the Hadapsar police station S S Chavan said the thieves had a well-drafted plan in place as they took away the recorder of the CCTV installed in the shop before fleeing.Icon electronics is located in Magar lane in Hadapsar. The suspects entered the shop by breaking the shutter lock. They took away all the TV sets kept on display and in the godown of the shop.Sanjay Sapkal told TOI that there were 23 LED and LCD sets kept at the display of the shop and remaining 35 were inside the godown, which is located on the mezzanine floor of the shop. \"The suspects have emptied the entire display of our shop. They also have stolen the CCTV recorder,\" said Sapkal.Sapkal said that since the shop is located on the road they did not appoint a security guard. \"Some people have informed us that the incident took place between 2 am and 3 am. The suspects had come in a tempo,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17659034", "title": "Accused in Yusuf Manzil case charged with murder", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch has invoked charges of murder in the disappearance of Yusuf Manzil landlord Hakim Khambhatti, after his body was traced last week.Sources said the crime branch, which had initially arrested Khambhatti's tenant Mohammed Namakwala Memon on the charges of kidnapping and wrongful confinement, added the IPC Section of 302 of murder after Memon admitted his crime and showed police the place where he had dumped Khambhatti's body.In a fresh development, the crime branch unit 5 on Monday arrested Memon's other associate Ahmed Suratia from Sewri. Last week, the police had arrested Imran Ansari. During probe, it transpired that Memon along with his aides\u00e2\u20ac\u201dAnsari and Suratia\u00e2\u20ac\u201dtook Khambhatti to Palghar under the pretext of seeing a property and on the way, they used chloroform to make Khambhatti unconscious after which they strangulated him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17657710", "title": "NCR GM inspects Allahabad and Naini railway junctions", "text": "ALLAHABAD: General Manager of North Central Railways Alok Johri inspected Allahabad and Naini railway junction on Saturday to take stock of Maha Kumbh preparations. He was accompanied by top officials of NCR zone and the Allahabad division.Johri reached Allahabad junction in the morning and inspected passenger enclosures, platforms, jan aahar centre and crew lobby. He also examined the place where the escalators are being constructed. He gave instructions for completing the work of installation of escalators quickly.He also examined the various passenger enclosures that are presently being constructed that would accommodate the pilgrims thronging Maha Kumbh. He enquired about facilities that would be present in the enclosures. He also examined the passenger enclosure number 1 where the work has been completed upto a large extent.He also examined the laying of the CCTV cameras at the Allahabad railway junction for strengthening the security system at the station.He also inspected various installed passenger information board and gave instructions that it should be placed at proper points so that passengers can see it and get the requisite information.Later, the general manager went to the Naini junction and inspected the ongoing works. He inspected the ongoing work of construction of Foot Over Bridge and the passenger enclosures at the junction. He also inspected PRS counters, UTS counters, drinking water arrangements, ticket distribution system and washable apron work at the junction. He instructed the officials to pay attention to the cleanliness aspect during the Kumbh period.Finally, general manager reached Sangam area and inspected the ongoing works related the to the railway . He also examined the ongoing work relating to the passenger ticket distribution system. He also inspected arrangements being made for lodging of the railway employees who would perform their duties at Sangam.During the inspection, divisional railway manager of Allahabad division of NCR Harendra Rao and various officials of the NCR zone and Allahabad division were also present.Meanwhile, to encourage a friendly interface with the pilgrims coming for Kumbh Mela, the tourism department on Monday imparted training to 30 commercial staff of railway department including TTE/TC and booking staff.The department felt the need for training as lakhs of pilgrims will travel to the city through trains. The second training schedule for commercial staff posted at Aligarh and Kanpur will be held on December 22.Tourism information officer (Institute of Tourism Management, Lucknow), Vishal Srivastava told TOI that the training is aimed at grooming the railway staff to remain cordial and leave a lasting impression on the visitors, especially those coming from south India.The exercise, Srivastva said, will give fillip to railway's image. Railway commercial staff are being trained into better customer service, guiding skills, manners and first-aid as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17659596", "title": "Bar manager beaten up", "text": "NAGPUR: A group of youths has been booked for allegedly assaulting a bar manager when he asked them not to shout and dance in front of his bar at Jagnade Square in Kotwali area.Kishor Mandalkar, 40, was hit with a liquor bottle on his head. He is recuperating at nearby private hospital. On a complaint lodged by eyewitness Ashok Sharnagat, who works as a waiter in the bar, Kotwali police have booked eight youths for attempt to murder and other relevant sections of IPC.All accused - Nitesh and Vishal Nayak, both resident of Siraspeth, Prakash and Vikas Zarel of Sakkardara, Ravi Lodia of Raghuji Nagar, and Ganesh Gaydhane, Sanjay Khatik and Virendra Khurpude - have been arrested.Police report says that after consuming liquor the youths went to hear a ghazal nearby and came back to the bar. Standing in front of the bar, the youths started abusing each other and dancing in an indecent manner.As the youths were causing disturbance to others, Mandalkar calmly asked the youths to leave the place. The youths then abused and attacked him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17659019", "title": "'Parents in a fix'", "text": "LUDHIANA: Following major schools releasing their admission lists for nursery, parents whose kids have still not got admission anywhere are now applying in a number of CBSE schools in the city Authorities at Bal Barti Public School, Dugri said, \"The forms will be made available just for two-three days, giving a chance to those parents who want their kids to get an education from our school.\"Kashish Aneja, a homemaker, who is a resident of Aggar Nagar said, \"The admission procedures and limited seats are putting many parents in a fix. Every parent wants to get their kids admitted in the best of schools, resulting in a huge rush for admission at these schools. We have a good number of CBSE schools in the city. They may not be fancy schools, but still they produce some good students.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17658441", "title": "KMC sticks to existing property tax rules", "text": "KOLKATA: Months after making a commitment to the funding agencies that it will switch to unit area-based property assessment (UAA) system like it's done in Delhi, Bangalore, Chandigarh or any other metro city, the nearly-broke Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) has decided to stick to its existing rental method assessment system despite having all the papers ready for the switchover.The civic body has decided to continue with the existing system since it's taking time to introduce the new system and consequently, losing heavily in the form of unrealized property tax. Civic bosses are not in a mood to experiment with the new system when they need money badly to run essential municipal services and pay salaries to employees. The warning had come from the finance wing a few days back, following which chief minister Mamata Banerjee had prodded mayor Sovan Chatterjee to jack up KMC's revenue generation.According to sources in the KMC assessment department, the civic body has already lost Rs 90 crore in revenue for keeping the general revaluation of properties on hold for two financial years to facilitate the switch to the UAA system.The proposal to introduce the UAA method was passed by majority of the legislators in the state assembly way back in 2006. The KMC House had passed it a year ago and former municipal commissioner Arnab Roy had set a January 1, 2012, deadline for the introduction of the UAA system. But it got delayed after more than a dozen Trinamool councillors and some MLAs took up the matter with mayor Sovan Chatterjee and requested him to make no \"hurry\" in implementing the new method.However, civic officials are keeping their fingers crossed over the reaction of the funding agencies at a time when the KMC is waiting for the second phase of loans from the Asian Development Bank under the Kolkata Environment Improvement Project (KEIP).KMC officials maintain that the UAA system was shelved temporarily at the last moment due to fund constraints and complaints from councillors of the ruling party that such a system would hike tax beyond proportions. Sources in the KMC assessment department said that some Trinamool leaders had pointed out to the mayor that if the new system was introduced, residents of large areas in north Kolkata would have to pay a hefty property tax.In fact, the KMC assessment department officials had faced resentment of a section of residents living in areas like Hatibagan, Bidhan Sarani, College Street, Amherst Street, Vivekananda Road some time back. The tax-payers had poured out their anger at a camp organized in Hatibagan a year ago. The camp was held to appraise them of the UAA method and to take their feedback on the issue. Trinamool councillors from Behala and Jadavpur had also requested the mayor to reconsider the introduction of the UAA system since tax rates for large areas of Behala (Parnasree, Shakuntala Park and Barisha, among others) and Jadavpur would go up significantly.After receiving such negative feedbacks, the civic authorities have decided to delay the implementation of the UAA system. Mayor Sovan Chatterjee said the civic body was keen on introducing the UAA method, but refused to elaborate on a possible date. A KMC assessment department official said the civic body had sent a proposal to amend some rules relating to UAA to the state government. \"The government pleader has accepted some suggestions and approved necessary changes. Now we will place amendments to the UAA bill in the assembly,\" the KMC official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17659671", "title": "UID work to be speeded up, says CM", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra stands second in the progress of unique identity project (Aadhar cards) in the country. Till date 36% of people have been covered. A target has been set to register all 10 crore residents of the state, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan told the legislative Assembly here on Monday.Responding to a calling attention motion by Jitendra Awhad, Shashikant Shinde and others, Chavan admitted that in the first phase the progress of the drive was very slow. Chavan rubbished claims by the members of the assembly that people had to stand in queues for hours and said that 404 registrations units were engaged in Mumbai, Pune and Nagpur. In a month or two more units will be pressed into service taking the total number of kits to 2200 in the state.\"We have set a target of registering all the residents by 2013,\" he said, firmly allaying fears that those not having UID would be deprived of benefits like subsides or other targeted welfare schemes. \"Right now Wardha district with 84% registration is at the top while Sindhudurg with 15% is at the bottom as far as completion of UID work is concerned,\" Chavan told the house.\"The actual UID registrations till date in the state is 4.15 crore. The direct cash transfer facility being implemented by the Union government may take some more months to be implemented. We hope to complete the Aadhar cards distribution by that time,\" said ChavanThe chief minister also informed that the state-run Yashada and Mahaonline have been given joint responsibility to verify the UID data and they have completed checking data entered by 351 centres. Chavan also added that plans are afoot to rope in some branches of nationalized banks and census agencies into the work. The govt is also thinking of opening new registration centres at colleges, schools and group housing societies to make it convenient for the people to apply for UID registration. They will get their cards at home through postal service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17658380", "title": "Adulterated ghee seized", "text": "INDORE: About 75 kg of adulterated ghee was seized from a factory at Pardeshipura during a joint raid by police and district administration here on Monday. According to food and safety officer Manish Swamy, the factory was being run in a house.\"We have seized 75 kg adulterated ghee. We have found fake labels of big brands including Amul, Mahakosh, Paras, Nova, Murli, Mahaan, Krishna etc,\" Swamy said.\"We have found empty tins of vegetable oil, bottles of ghee essence, and some turmeric powder which gives impure ghee the yellowish colour,\" added Swamy. They also found stamps with packaging dates on them.The officer said the owner escaped from the factory before the police could reach the spot. His uncle has been remanded in police custody and the police are looking for the owner. \"Under Sections 31, 26, 27 of the Food and Safety Act 2006, the owner of the factory may have to serve a six-year jail sentence or a fine of Rs 5 lakhs in case he is proved guilty of selling adulterated food,\" Swamy said.CSP Rajesh Dandotiya said \"The factory owner fled from the site during the raid. A hunt is on to nab him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17658764", "title": "Time for mutton feasts in Himachal Pradesh", "text": "SHIMLA: No election victory, and sometimes even a loss, is complete without big mutton feasts in Himachal Pradesh . The forthcoming election results of the HP assembly will be no exception as with only two days left for the D-Day, the contestants of both BJP and Congress have started making arrangements for the mutton feasts in anticipation.In the older days purely vegetarian 'dham' or community feasts was served but now non-vegetarian delicacies too are finding a prominent place in the menu fueling the demand for mutton and chicken for post victory celebrations. As sacrificing goats to local deities on the fulfillment of wishes is a common practice in many parts of the state, supporters of many candidates have already purchased goats from shepherds.The tradition of sacrificing a goat is common in the districts of Lahaul-Spiti, Kullu, Mandi, Kinnaur, Chamba and Sirmaur district. \"We had promised to offer goats on winning the election. All arrangements have been made for a grand feast but we are not disclosing it before the results,\" said the supporter of a candidate from Kullu district.According to sources in Sirmaur district, order for mutton and chicken has already been placed with meat sellers by the supporters of candidates while in some pockets goats have been kept in the stock. Many of the candidates said that as reaching out to individual voters is not possible after the results, so a good community meal is the best option to thank the voters.\"Earlier we had the restriction of Election Commission but now we would serve the community lunch,\" a leader from Mandi district said. During this assembly election campaign, candidates stayed away from serving meals as the EC kept a hawk's eye on which nominee or his kin holds or attends a large community feast, and had threatened to include it in their poll expenditure.The EC had decided that if a candidate is present at a marriage function with many guests, then the district electoral officer would serve him a show-cause notice, asking why the entire cost of the function should not be added to his election expenditure. The results are to be announced on December 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17657556", "title": "Follow college dress code, Mangalore college tells Ayyappa devotee", "text": "MANGALORE: The Canara PU College in Mangalore which banned Ayyappa devotee students from attending class in black shawls and sporting beards and long hair came in for attack by the Sri Ram Sene.Its members staged a protest in front of the college and wanted the management to reverse its decision. The issue cropped up when I PU student Rakshith Kumar Rao refused to cut his hair, shave and wore a black shawl to class.Rakshith said: \"It's part of our religious faith. Ayyappa devotees are not supposed to cut their hair or shave till they return from Sabarimala. The principal Hundi Prabha Kamath stopped me on Monday when I entered the class and insisted I follow the rules. I was also asked to pay a fine of Rs 100.\"Sri Ram Sene leader Madhusudhan Urwa Store said there are about 20 students in the college facing a similar problem but have kept quiet about it. \"We'll protest till these students are allowed to attend class,\" he said. Kamath said there's no question of changing her decision.\"Boys should not wear a shawl, should shave and have a neat hair-cut. They should also wear the college uniform -- black trousers and shirt with blue stripes. I warned Rakshith about violating the dress code and asked him to pay a fine of Rs 100. He has neither followed the rules nor paid the fine,\" she said.The college management plans to take action against the student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17659355", "title": "Richard D'Souza is principal chief conservator of forests, to remain in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Additional principal chief conservator of forests Richard D'Souza has been promoted and retained in Goa, sources said.D'Souza, whose post has been upgraded to principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF) after a recent meeting of departmental promotion committee (DPC), was promoted and posted to Mizoram. But sources said that forest minister Alina Saldanha requested the Union minister of environment and forest to change the order, as his local expertise would help the state.The MoEF acceded to the request and changed the order. The Goa government had requested that he be retained in the post, but MoEF had declined and issued the order posting him to Mizoram. D'Souza is likely to continue at the same posting till his retirement in 2014.He had been promoted as APCCF in December 2009, but continued as managing director of Goa forest development corporation and took charge of the department in April, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17659560", "title": "' Comptroller and Auditor General vindicated our stand'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Enthused over the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) detecting irregularities in flagship schemes as well as award of port projects to private players, the opposition on Monday pressed for a special debate in the assembly.Speaker Pradip Amat, however, did not entertain the opposition party's demand and said the issue would be discussed by the assembly's public accounts committee (PAC), which is headed by the leader of opposition Bhupinder Singh.Raising the issue during zero hour, Singh referred to the CAG's report on general and social sector, which was tabled in the House on Saturday, and said CAG had vindicated his party's stand that large-scale irregularities and illegalities were being perpetrated by the BJD government.Singh highlighted the auditor's findings on procurement and distribution of dal under the supplementary nutrition programme ( SNP) and midday meal (MDM) scheme, alleged diversion of rice supplied by the Centre for BPL families to sustain the state government's Rs 2-a-kg rice scheme, loopholes in implementation of the centrally-sponsored Integrated Action Plan (IAP) in the state as well as loss to the state exchequer due to lack of competitive bidding in award of port projects to private parties.BJP's K V Singhdeo said the state government should come clean on the issue and clarify about the irregularities pointed out by CAG.Government chief whip Pravat Tripathy termed CAG findings as \"routine\" and said there was no justification in having a special debate in the assembly because Congress feels the auditor has vindicated its stand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17657437", "title": "Asst public prosecutor arrested", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police on Monday arrested a lady assistant public prosecutor (APP) from Vijayawada in connection with an extortion case. The Begumpet police arrested Bharathi, an APP from Vijayawada. Recently, Shankar, a graphic designer from Airlines Colony in Begumpet, approached police alleging that Bharati came to his house along with another woman and forcibly took away his computer. \"Bharati was unofficially trying to settle Shankar's divorce case. According to Shankar, she came to his house demanding Rs 10,000 as consultation fee. As Shankar refused to pay the money and Bharathi forcibly took away his computer,\" inspector Y Narasimha Reddy said.Based on the complaint lodged by Shankar, police arrested Bharathi and booked an extortion case against her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17658227", "title": "Man found murdered in locked room", "text": "VARANASI: An unidentified youth was killed inside a house in Saptsagar area under Kotwali police station on Sunday night.According to reports, one Sharda Devi owns a house in Saptsagar area. After the death of her elder son Basant, his family started dwelling in Jaitpura area. But one of Basant's son, Murari, possessed a room at the place of his grandmother where he used to consume liquor with his friends in evening. On Sunday evening, Murari along with his three friends had stayed in same room to consume liquor.Around midnight he left the room after locking it from outside. Around wee hours one of Sharda Devi's tenants noticed blood flowing out from the same room after which she informed Sharda. The latter reported the matter to the police. When the Kotwali cops broke into the room on Monday morning, they saw the body of a youth lying in a pool of blood. The killer had slit his throat and also tried to pack the body in a gunny bag to dispose it.However, on failing in their bid they fled from the scene leaving the room locked from outside. Police were trying to ascertain the identity of killed youth after sending the body for postmortem. Murari and his accomplices were absconding.Road mishap deaths: Mohanlal (33), a safai employee at a public school, was killed in a road mishap near Bhadwar bys-pass road under Rohania police station on Monday.According to reports, Mohanlal, a native of Basantpatti Bairvan, had gone to his workplace on Sunday morning. After completing his work he left the school for the place of his relative. After midnight he left the place of his relative for his home on his bicycle. But when he was passing through Bhadwar some speeding motorcycle hit him after which he fell in a drain and suffered serious head injuries. Some passers by noticed him on Monday morning and reported the matter to police. But before police could succeed in rushing him to hospital he died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17657178", "title": "3 held for killing employer", "text": "GURGAON: Three persons, including the main accused, who had allegedly kidnapped and murdered trailer chassis-making firm owner Vijay Sharma, have been arrested. A police team has nabbed them from the rugged area of Kannauj in Uttar Pradesh on Sunday. Police have produced them in a city court on Monday and took them on three-day police remand.The accused have been identified as the main accused cousins Aashish and Rahul, natives of Mainpur in Uttar Pradesh, and their friend Amit, a native of Hapur in Uttar Pradesh. A brother and two sisters of the main accused were also arrested by the police for their involvement in the crime were identified as Beenu, Shashi and Hariom, who have been sent in judicial custody by a city court.A team led by sub-inspector Dinesh Kumar, additional SHO, Palam Vihar police station has arrested the accused. They also stole the two mobile phones, gold chain, wristwatch and wallet of the victim. The stolen items will be recovered soon, he added.A senior police officer said the motive behind the murder seems revenge, as the victim, who was an owner of his firm had cut the salary of the main accused to take back the money which he had lent them as help. The main accused were working in his firm. They (accused) called him as per plan on the pretext of meeting a girl and when the victim reached at HUDA Park, near Kartarpuri village, they started beating up the victim.After this, they held hostage him in his Swift car and blindfolded his eyes with a muffler. One of them drove the car towards Delhi. On the way, when Vijay tried to cry out for help, they again beat him up badly and after some time he became unconscious. When they reached near Ghaziabad, they found Vijay unconscious. When they tried to bring him back to consciousness, he had already died.\"Revengeful thoughts were there in the mind of the main accused. For the last many years Vijay had never demanded money from them. Vijay gave them money, a place to stay and other facilities from time to time, but some months ago he cut their half salary to compensate the money, which was given by Vijay to accused as help. For this Ashish and Rahul hatched a plot with Amit to teach a lesson to Vijay. After finding Vijay dead, they dumped his body in Roorkee and left his car on a roadside hotel in Saharanpur. After this, the accused fled in Kannauj,\" SI Dinesh Kumar told TOI. We have recovered a mobile phone of Vijay from the possession of the accused and are interrogating them, he added.On December 7, the victim had gone to attend a marriage function with his family. After he got a call on his mobile, he left the function telling his wife that he will be back within an hour after recovering some money. The family members said that the victim's phone was switched on till 3.30 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17657770", "title": "Panic in Jodhpur after 'sonic boom'", "text": "JODHPUR: A deafening sound heard at 11.25 am in Jodhpur on Monday sent panic waves among the residents. The incident prompted people to enquire from the control room about any explosion. Initially, rumours spread about a \"sonic boom\" or an ammunition accident in army area but defence personnel denied it.On being contacted, defence spokesperson Col SD Goswami, refused any such explosion in army area. As far as Air Force is concerned, they are trying to ascertain the facts with regard to a sonic boom, he said.Sonic boom is a sound associated with the shock waves created by an object travelling through the air faster than the speed of sound. A sonic boom generates enormous amount of sound energy, much like an explosion.As per rules, no sonic boom should take place in township areas. It can happen beyond 60 km from town areas when an aircraft carries out a test flight. According to Col Goswami, such explosion in township area can lead to damage to properties like crumbling of window panes etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17657983", "title": "Posters take place of fading wall paintings", "text": "CHENNAI: The paintings on walls on many city roads, including Anna Salai and Poonamallee High Road, are in bad shape. On some paintings the colours have begun to fade and others are defaced by layers of posters pasted on them. One reason for this, artists say, is the use of enamel paint which is cheaper and more diluted when compared to thicker acrylic paint. The paintings depict Tamil art and culture,When J P Krishna of the Tamil Nadu Artist's Association was commissioned in 2009 by the Corporation of Chennai to beautify the walls, only two instructions were given. \"They were told to paint pictures we chose and that the paintings should last three years,\" says former mayor M Subramaniam. The price was between 25 and 30 per sq ft depending on the place they were painting on and colours used. There was no mention on the type of paint.As a result, artists used enamel paint, instead of the longer lasting acrylic paint. \"Enamel paint's texture is more fluid thus making it easier to paint. It dries faster. The life of an exposed enamel painting also is exactly three years,\" says S Chandrashekhar of the Government College of Fine Arts, one of those who painted the walls. \"The cost of the paints matched the costs the civic body was willing to pay.\"On the other hand, artists say, had acrylic paint been used, the paintings would have looked as good as new even 10 years later. \"Acrylic paint is thicker, takes longer to dry but is more long lasting,\" said Chandrashekhar. \"If we had applied primer, used pure acrylic paint and covered it with varnish or acrylic medium, the canvas would have been immune to rain or dust,\" he said.The walls along many main roads are now in different stages of fading away. Vandals, small-time advertisers and political party workers have begun sticking posters across them. \"The paintings were part of an initiative to beautify the city,\" says a senior corporation official. \"We hoped that seeing these paintings people would not have the heart to dirty the walls or urinate on them.\"Artists too are unhappy. \"When someone recently asked corporation officials the reason for the present state of the walls, they said it was because of a previous government's initiative,\" says J P Krishna. \"Now they employ road contractors who give the job to random artists who do not know their jobs,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17657936", "title": "HC to keep an eye on state's power plans", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has decided to monitor implementation of the proposals laid down by the Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Limited (Tangedco) to manage power generation and distribution in the state.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam said: \"Whatever is stated in the counter has to be implemented and Tangedco shall take steps for the implementation of the proposals for both generation and supply. The matter is pending for monitoring the implementation of the steps.\" The case was adjourned by eight weeks for further hearing.Additional advocate general P H Aravindh Pandian submitted that thanks to an increased wind power generation during the past two days, except for the scheduled power cuts for a couple of hours daily, there were no unscheduled power cuts in the city or the rest of the state.In his PIL, V Ravichandran, founder-chairman of Citizens Guardian, had highlighted the discriminatory power cuts between Chennai and the rest of the state.Denying any discrimination, Tangedco director (distribution) T Jeyaseelan had filed a counter-affidavit saying, \"Chennai being the state capital, and due to the presence of the state legislature, the high court, the secretariat, a major chunk of state-controlled organisations uninterrupted supply of power is to be maintained as far as possible.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17656605", "title": "Delhi gang rape case: Victim battles for life, 3 accused held", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a new low for a city already notorious as India's rape capital, a 23-year-old physiotherapy student was left battling for her life after being brutally beaten up and raped by at least five drunken men in a private bus which was audaciously driven around south Delhi localities on Sunday night even as the crime was being committed inside.The unconscious victim and her male friend, who too was badly beaten, were stripped and thrown off near the Mahipalpur flyover on NH-8 after being assaulted for almost an hour. They were picked up around 9.15pm, a time when many Delhiites are still out in the city.The woman is on ventilator support, doctors at Safdarjung Hospital said. On Monday, she underwent a four-hour surgery. Doctors said her intestines had ruptured and she had genital injuries. Her friend, a 27-year-old engineer who was preparing to take the civil services exam, however, helped the police in preparing sketches of the accused.Late on Monday, police arrested one of alleged rapists, Ram Singh, a resident of R K Puram Sector 3. Singh was the driver of the bus but on Sunday had let his brother, Mukesh, drive, police said. Singh has reportedly given cops the names of the six other men in the bus on Sunday night. Mukesh and another accused, identified as Kalu, too were nabbed late at night. All three lived in Ravidas Camp slums at sector 3, R K Puram.Several police teams were raiding places in Noida and other spots in UP and Haryana to nab the others.Special commissioner of police Dharmendra Kumar told TOI, \"Seven men were involved in the crime, including the driver who was probably an accomplice. These include Ram Singh's brother, a helper, two vegetable vendors from R K Puram and an employee at the Siri Fort auditorium. All were known to each other. The owner of the bus has been identified as Pradeep Yadav, a private transporter, whose buses ply in two prominent schools of south Delhi and Noida.\"Police said the victims had gone to watch Life of Pi at Select City Walk mall on Sunday evening. After the movie, they took an auto from Saket and reached the Munirka bus stand around 9pm. They planned to take a bus to her residence in Mahavir Enclave, near Palam. The accused spotted the woman at the bus stop and one of them called out for passengers going towards Palam and Dwarka.The couple boarded the bus and bought Rs 10 tickets, said DCP (south) Chhaya Sharma. But soon the men began to misbehave with the girl. When her friend objected, he was beaten up with iron rods and gagged near the driver's seat. Five of the accused then took the woman to seats in the middle of the bus and took turns to rape her. All this while, the bus roamed around roads adjoining Mahipalpur, Dwarka and Delhi Cantonment. As per CCTV footags, the bus crossed the Dhaula Kuan-Mahipalpur stretch twice.A passerby, who works as a manager in a company that looks after road safety on NH-8, spotted the two on the road and called the police at 10.22pm. The call first reached the Gurgaon police after which Delhi Police was informed and teams rushed to the spot.The woman, who completed her studies from Dehradun and was interning at a city hospital, was taken to AIIMS Trauma Centre from where she was shifted to Safdarjung hospital in a critical condition. The bus, which was reportedly hired by a private school in Noida, has been impounded. It used to be parked in front of the Yadav Tours and Travel office in R K Puram.Sources said, on Sunday, the bus was taken by the helper who invited his friends to have liquor inside the vehicle.\"It was not a regular bus. It looked like a luxury bus, as we had found from CCTV footage. The couple boarded it at a well-lit area,\" said Chhaya Sharma. Based on the statement of the victim's friend, police made sketches of two of the accused persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17658022", "title": "Man gets 4 years for slashing woman's face", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court has advocated zero tolerance towards attacks against women. Twenty years after Harun Shaikh, an Old Malegaon Road resident, used a barber's razor to disfigure the face of a woman who refused to continue relations with him, Justice R C Chavan refused to show any leniency to him. The judge said that Shaikh will have to serve his punishment - a prison term of four years. Shaikh's plea that the punishment is harsh since he is married and has children failed to find favour with the court.\"Though this argument has force, it is to be noted that Shaikh has not at all suffered any substantial incarceration and, therefore, considering the sentence of four years of imprisonment imposed for the disfiguration that he has inflicted upon the victim, no further reduction in the sentence is called for,\" said Justice Chavan.Additional public prosecutor Y M Nakhwa told the court that in view of the serious nature of the injuries, Shaikh should have been held guilty on the much graver charge of attempt to murder. The trial court, though, considered the fact that Shaikh probably did not intend to kill the victim.\"The sentence of imprisonment for four years imposed on Shaikh is not much compared to the magnitude of the assault. The victim had suffered disfiguration and the sentence should therefore not be disturbed ,\" Nakhwa told the court.The case dates back to May 1992. Shaikh and the victim were in a relationship. When Shaikh got married to another person, the victim sought to end the relationship but Shaikh did not agree to it. When the victim refused to respond to his overtures, he attacked her with a razor. He slashed her abdomen, face and neck, causing serious injuries, which almost cost her her life, stated the medical reports.A trial court held Shaikh guilty of causing grievous hurt with a dangerous weapon under Section 326 of the Indian Penal Code and sentenced him to four years' imprisonment in 1993. Shaikh, who was out on bail for the most part, filed an appeal in 1993, which came up for hearing recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17658293", "title": "Kalyan to make grand return to BJP on Jan 21", "text": "LUCKNOW: Former chief minister Kalyan Singh will make a grand return to the Bharatiya Janata Party on January 21. About 20,000 workers from the BJP and Kalyan's Jan Kranti Party are expected to attend the function.Confirming the date, state BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpayi told TOI that national BJP chief Nitin Gadkari , Rajnath Singh, Kalraj Mishra , Lalji Tandon, Vinay Katiyar and hordes of other senior BJP leaders will remain present during Kalyan's homecoming to the saffron fold.Though the venue has not been finalised yet, the function could be held at Lakshman Mela park, near Ravindralaya or Saraswati Shishu Mandir school in Niralanagar.On the occasion, Kalyan will merge his Jan Kranti Party with the BJP, Bajpayi said.The decks were cleared for former CM's return after his meeting with senior BJP leaders - Gadkari, Rajnath Singh, Kalraj Mishra, Vinay Katiyar and Lalji Tandon - in New Delhi on Sunday evening. Later, talking to media, Gadkari had said that Kalyan's homecoming would take place after January 14.The former UP chief minister had left the BJP before 2009 Lok Sabha elections after his request to change Ashok Pradhan's candidature from Bulandshahr was rejected by the party. The former CM held Pradhan responsible for his son Rajveer's defeat in Debai assembly seat in 2007. Even though Kalyan was declared BJP's Lok Sabha candidate from Etah, he contested the election as an Independent after quitting the party and won.Kalyan, who twice served -- 1991-92 and 1997-99 -- as chief minister in the BJP government, left the party for the first time in December 1999 and returned again before 2004 Lok Sabha elections. He contested the 2004 Lok Sabha elections on the BJP ticket from Bulandshahr.However, with both state BJP and Kalyan trying to regain their political footing in Uttar Pradesh, they realize the need for each other's support, a close aide said. It is because of this that BJP MP Lalji Tandon was the first to approach Kalyan Singh on August 10, sources in BJP said. Later, senior BJP leaders Kalraj Misra and Rajnath Singh also met Singh and convinced him to join the ranks with the BJP, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17656498", "title": "Gaya hooch case accused surrenders", "text": "PATNA: Rajkumar Yadav alias Mantu Yadav, brother of RJD MLA Surendra Yadav, who is a named accused in the recent hooch tragedy in Gaya district that claimed 12 lives, on Monday surrendered before the court of chief judicial magistrate (CJM).Police said that Yadav appeared in the district court virtually unnoticed and surrendered before the CJM court.City SP Akhtar Hussain told TOI on telephone that the investigating officer (IO) of the hooch tragedy case had moved the CJM court to seek Yadav on police remand to interrogate him.He said that separate police teams had carried out raids in Koderma,Hazaribag, Giridih and Dhanbad districts (Jharkhand) and Patna and Gaya districts (Bihar) to arrest Rajkumar Yadav, who had gone underground after a case was lodged against him with Rampur police station following the death of 12 persons after consuming hooch last week.Hussain said that earlier the police had obtained a warrant of arrest and also applied for attachment of Rajkumar Yadav's property to pressurize him to surrender.The local police had carried out a raid at a godown in Bindi Market and seized a large quantity of packets of hooch allegedly belonging to Yadav, who was said to be the supplier of the hooch, Hussain said.Over twelve (!2) persons had died after consuming spurious liquor in various localities under Rampur and Chekri police station areas in Gaya district over three days starting December 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17658372", "title": "367 truck operators booked for overloading", "text": "PUNE: In a special drive, initiated in the last seven days, the regional transport office (RTO) here took action against as many as 367 truck and tempo operators for carrying excess load.RTO officials said flying squads were formed to check and fine erring vehicle operators. The drive was mainly carried out on major highways passing through Pune and Solapur districts. A fine of Rs 31.55 lakh was collected during the drive. Apart from the fines collected, drivers were allowed to continue their journey only after unloading the excess goods.An official said, \"As per the Motor Vehicles Act, a fine of Rs 6,000 per tonne and Rs 2,000 for every two tonnes thereafter can be imposed in cases of overloading vehicles. All the drivers caught were warned not to carry excess load in future.\"As many as five flying squads were deployed on major highways, including Pune-Nashik, Pune-Mumbai, Pune-Solapur and Pune-Ahmednagar. Also, two squads each from Nagpur and Mumbai region were deployed at the Shikrapur toll plaza on the Pune-Ahmednagar highway and at Tembhurni village on the Pune-Solapur highway. The squads conducted random checks and the vehicles carrying excess goods were taken to the nearest weighing machine for checking.The Solapur RTO caught the highest number of 80 vehicles, followed by Pune (71), Pimpri-Chinchwad (62), Baramati and Akluj (48 each), Nagpur (30) and Mumbai (28). The RTO officials have submitted photos of overloaded vehicles to the transport department for further inspection.The Pune RTO in 2011-12, had fined 14,036 vehicles for overloading. In some cases, the permits of vehicles were cancelled and licences of drivers confiscated.Baba Shinde, former member of Pune RTA, said the instances of overloading could be much higher. Several drives have been carried out in the past to create awareness among truck drivers, urging them not to carry excess load as it could lead to accidents and damage the roads. Shinde said overloading instances could be higher in Pune region because of the large number of industries here.Sources in the transport industry said the Union government was planning to ban plying of overloaded vehicles on highways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17659536", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation yet to get 2 fire tenders from Solapur based firm", "text": "* Fire department had procured six fire chassis from Tata Motors , Pune in 2009.* In 2011 earlier, the department procured another four small chassis from Eicher company.* In June 2011, Solapur based Devi Fire Services bagged the contract to fabricate fire tenders on four chassis. The firm had agreed to fabricate the tenders in phase-wise manner.* In July 2011, Solapur based Devi Fire Services took two chassis and it was supposed to complete the work in September.* As per the agreement, the department can now deduct Rs500 for each day of delay since September 7, 2011.* At least 10 times the firm had assured to deliver but fails to its commitment.NAGPUR: Even after 19 months, Solapur-based firm Devi Fire Services is yet to deliver two chassis of Nagpur Municipal Corporation being assigned to fabricate them into fire tenders. On the other hand, a Koradi-based firm Jagdamba Engineers has set an example and delivered all the four fire tenders assigned to fabricate fire tenders. Now, all the four tenders have been inducted into service.NMC had purchased six chassis in 2009. For congested areas, four small chassis were brought in 2010. NMC took a lot of time inviting tenders and shortlisting firms for fabrication of tenders on these 10 chassis. Only in 2011, NMC entrusted DFS with the job of fabricating six fire tenders at a cost of Rs81 lakh (Rs13.50 lakh per tender). The firm had agreed to fabricate six chassis in three phases. In July 2011, it took two chassis to Solapur and was supposed to deliver them on September 7 in the same year but failed.But the fabrication of small tenders have been completed. \"The fabrication has been done at a cost of Rs9.98 lakh each. Last week only, the Koradi-based firm delivered two chassis and interestingly in the last six months it had fabricated four tenders,\" said a source.The Eicher-made chassis were fabricated by Jagdamba Engineers. Besides a water storage capacity of 3,000 litres, tubes mounted on top of the vehicles, which are powered by a high-quality pump, are capable of spraying 2,000 litres and in two minute for a distance of 30 metres. The vehicles also have ladders that could go 15 metres high.But on the other hand, the department is struggling to get the two tenders from DFS where two chassis have been sent for fabrication almost 19 months ago. The chassis were to be delivered by September 7 last year but the firm has repeatedly defaulted on its promises and is yet to deliver the fabricated tenders.As per terms of tender, NMC can levy a fine of Rs500 per tender for each day of delay beyond September 7. Despite the delay, the NMC is doing nothing.They have maintained silence on what action they would take even as fire services continue to suffer because of the delay.Worse, the firm is also supposed to fabricate four other tenders whose chassis are waiting since three years. Nobody knows when they will be ready.After several assurances, the company recently assured to deliver tenders by December end, said the source.Fire department personnel also questioned the delay by the corporation in assigning the fabrication job of remaining four chassis. They pointed out that they often had to face public wrath as outdated tenders were unable to reach on time or put out fires properly. The city has 37 fire tenders of which 10 are over 25 years old and due for scrapping.Despite repeated attempts, chief fire officer Rajendra Uchake was not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17658178", "title": "DMK leader KN Nehru booked for hoardings hailing Stalin", "text": "TRICHY: Police filed 22 cases against DMK's trichy strongman KN Nehru and 13 of his political aides for putting up hoardings of party treasurer MK Stalin, \"without permission.\" Those arrested include A Anand, the newly-appointed Trichy district youth wing organiser of the party, who had unsuccessfully contested against chief minister J Jayalalithaa from the Srirangam constituency in the 2011 assembly election. The hoardings hailed Stalin as \"the future of Tamil Nadu.\"Cases were filed under IPC sections 153B (making or publishing any imputation or assertions prejudicial to national integration), and under the definition of 'objectionable advertisement' found in the Tamil Nadu Open Places (Prevention of Disfigurement) Act, 1959 which provides for a maximum of one year imprisonment or a fine of Rs 5,000 or both.While 20 cases under bailable offences were filed by the K K Nagar and Cantonment police, two cases were filed in the Cantonment police station by two individuals under non-bailable sections of Tamil Nadu Open Places (Prevention of Disfigurement) Act, 1959, said Cantonment division assistant police commissioner C K Gandhi. A complaint was filed by K Selvakumar of Mutharaiyar Sangam, who said the pro-DMK hoardings obstructed the view of the Perarasar Perumpidugu Mutharayar statue at Othakadai in the city, said Gandhi.Four cases were filed against Nehru, and seven against Anand. Three cases each were filed against Trichy former mayor M Anbazhagan and DMK town secretary Kajamalai Vijay. Nehru and four others appeared in the judicial magistrate court I and got bail, except in the two private complaints for which they will move the court on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17658492", "title": "Christmas fever grips Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: With Christmas a week away, the city's markets are already witnessing a huge rush of shoppers looking for decorative items, gifts and cakes meant to make the festival special.While members of the Christian community have started preparing for Christmas with rehearsal of carols in the city churches and decoration of homes, non-Christian residents of the city are also showing great zeal to celebrate the festival. \"The market is flooded gripped with Christmas fever right now. There is a huge variety of Santa costumes, special ornaments, gifts and gift boxes. Picture frames and Christmas crockery like Santa mugs and plates are the latest attractions this year,\" informed Nitin, a gift shop owner at Swaroop Nagar.He went on to add that for people of all ages, decorating the Christmas tree is always a fun experience. Sisters Reenu and Bharti , who have taken several contracts this year for supplying Christmas-tree decorations said, \"The new snow spray made of small thermacol balls is magical. One single can of it can be used to decorate an entire Christmas tree.\"Flowers being an important component of festive celebrations, flower shop owners are also all set for home deliveries to send people's Christmas and New Year wishes to their family and friends. \"Christmas celebrations are becoming as grand as Diwali for the city. Bookings for get-togethers and parties started a fortnight ago. There is a big demand for red-white, white-blue and theme-based flower arrangements during such parties. To add a special touch , we have also have candles of various shapes and sizes as per the demand and space provided,\" said Punit, owner of a flower shop in Mall Road.The city's bakeries are also busy formulating new concoctions dedicated to the festival, and cakes adorned by Santa and Christmas tree are already out on display. Chocolates and candies in the shape of bells, stars, Christmas trees and Santas are also wooing buyers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17657794", "title": "Panchayats told to step up efforts to curb female feticide", "text": "JAIPUR: The fight against female feticide has now reached the panchayat level. The rural development and panchayati raj department has directed local bodies to select 'adarsh balikas' (ideal and empowered girls) in rural areas and prepare them to talk on women empowerment and female feticide issues.The department has directed all the chief executive officers of all the zila parishads and district education officers to step up efforts in rural areas to improve the sex ratio.The child sex ratio declined by 26 points from 909 to 883 between 2001 and 2011 in the state.The department has decided to encourage panchayati raj institutions to improve living condition for women and also to move a step further to curb female feticide. It directed all the gram sabhas to discuss issues related to declining sex ratio.The department instructed the villagers, gram panchayats and sarpanches to keep a tab on sonography clinics and middlemen helping in female feticide. If they found any suspicious activity, they should inform the police and district collector.\"In those gram panchayats where there is no mahila sabha (women committee), there should be its immediate constitution, which will also shoulder responsibility to curb sex selection activities,\" additional chief secretary CS Rajan wrote in a letter to chief executive officer of all zila parishads in the state.He suggested panchayats to celebrate the birth of girl child at gram panchayat level. Also, at the panchayat levels, healthy babies in the age group of 3 to 5 years should be selected and their parents should be rewarded. The parents of girls, who secured highest marks at panchayat level in Class 5, 8, 10 and 11 should be honoured in public.The department also directed the officials to take measures in improving living conditions of women in rural areas, including providing toilets in schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17658447", "title": "Campion School: Educating underprivileged children", "text": "BHOPAL: Campion School has been admitting and teaching underpriviledged children from the Shahpura slums and adjoining areas much before the enactment of the Right to Education (RTE) Act. While some other convent schools too did the same, what sets Campion apart was the fact that the children were taught in English medium.Principal of the school Athnas Lakhra told TOI, \"We had earmarked a separate section for poor kids even before RTE came into the picture, way back in the mid 1990s. It was in keeping with the Christian spirit. Ours is not a profit making venture but also devoted to community service. It is a part of the mission.\"\"Besides, the schools also give waivers to other students coming from under privileged families,\" he said.\"While other schools too have similar section for the underprivileged children, it is usually in the Hindi medium. Ours is in English medium,\" said Fr Tej Minj, vice principal of the school.\"Started in the year 2000, every year, we take 50-55 students in KG I in the F -section, reserved especially for the poor children who cannot afford regular fees. They are made to pay very nominal fees,\" said Fr Tej.The stationery, books and dress for such students were arranged through donations by the regular students. Students who pass to higher class donate their text books and dress for such students.\"This section continues till class V after which they are merged with the regular students of other sections. The F section used to be co-ed but since the last two years, girls seeking admission has declined. Hence in the coming academic session, we will continue taking boys in the F section,\" informed Fr Lakhra.\"To bring these students into the mainstream, special attention is given to them in the form of special coaching after school hours as well ,\" said Father Tej.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17657432", "title": "Cop consumes pesticide pills, dies", "text": "HYDERABAD: A head constable of the Amberpet police station died under mysterious circumstances after consuming pesticide pills at his house in Uppal on Sunday night.At 10 pm, Shankarachary, 50, a head constable at the Amberpet police station, returned home at Venkata Reddy Nagar in Uppal in an inebriated condition and consumed 10 tablets of aluminum phosphide.According to police, the pesticide was bought by the family for use in their kitchen garden. \"We do not know whether Chary consumed the pesticide knowingly or by accident. However, his family members are saying that Chary did not have any problems and consuming pesticide was an accident,\" Uppal inspector N Laxmi Kantha Reddy said.A little while after consuming the tablets, Chary suddenly fell ill and started vomiting. His family immediately rushed Chary to a nearby private hospital where he died while undergoing treatment at 11.30 pm.Chari is survived by his wife and two daughters. Based on a complaint lodged by his family members, a case was booked under section 174 (Suspicious death) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) and the body has been sent for a post-mortem examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17659637", "title": "Oh no! Not another male", "text": "NAGPUR: The wild buffalo recovery project suffered a setback when Asha, the lone female in Udanti wildlife sanctuary gave birth to a male calf on December 10 for the fourth time.Only 9 wild buffaloes, 8 males and one female, are left in Udanti sanctuary where in the Chhattisgarh government has initiated the buffalo recovery project. An in-situ breeding programme to save these buffaloes from becoming extinct has been going on for the past five years in the sanctuary. Under the breeding programme five wild buffaloes, including the female, are being kept in 20 hectare enclosure which has the same ambience as that of a forest.Divisional forest officer (DFO) Ashutosh Mishra confirmed that 10-year-old Asha delivered a male calf on December 10. \"Our hopes were high but now we will have to wait for three years,\" Mishra said. \"We are doing everything possible to protect these wild buffaloes from getting extinct. However, unless we have more females their numbers won't rise,\" he added.Forest officials are also pinning hopes on the scientists of Animal Biotechnology Centre at the National Dairy Research Institute (NDRI), Karnal in Haryana. The NDRI scientists are conducting research on the possibility of cloning wild buffalo in order to prevent its extinction. They have already signed an MOU with the Chhattisgarh government and have collected genetic samples from the lone female buffalo.Kishor Rithe, member, standing committee of National Board for Wild Life (NBWL), has called for looking into other alternatives to conserve wild buffaloes. \"Once again hopes have been dashed. It is high time that the Maharashtra government starts a similar experiment by utilizing the buffalo herd in Kolamarka. The responsibility of the state government has now increased immensely,\" Rithe said.Chhattisgarh forest department has begun exploring other options like procuring a male and female wild buffalo from the north-east for their breeding programme. Mishra said that a team of officials including genetic experts and Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) representative R P Mishra will visit Manas national park in Assam to procure a pair of genetically pure male and female for its in-situ breeding programme. \"We have received all necessary permissions and the team will visit Manas next month,\" Mishra told TOI.Mishra added that the department is also exploring options of procuring best quality buffalo morphologically similar to a wild buffalo. \"This buffalo will be mated with a wild male. After three or four births, we will get genetically pure buffaloes,\" Mishra said.Wild buffaloes have been red listed by International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN). It is a Schedule I animal under the Wildlife Protection Act 1972.Experts at a three-day international workshop held in Nagpur early in November have decided to set a goal to establish at least 150 genetically compatible wild buffaloes in the next five years in Central India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17658205", "title": "Attack on Congress, BJP, BSP offices for supporting bill in RS", "text": "LUCKNOW: The ongoing protest against reservation in promotion intensified in the city on Monday as hundreds of anti-reservation activists attacked party offices of Congress and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) for supporting the bill in the Rajya Sabha. Agitating employees, reportedly backed by the ruling Samajwadi Party, tore off banners and posters of the two national parties while some others marched off to the residence of Bahujan Samaj Party supremo Mayawati and raised slogans.Following the quota in promotion bill getting passed in the Rajya Sabha on Monday, Uttar Pradesh government employees announced they would continue with their indefinite strike. The call deepened the crisis for the state which has already lost more than 3 crore lakh man hours and revenue to the tune of around Rs 3,000 crore.Terming it a black day in the history of India, Sarvajan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti, the association of employees spearheading the anti-reservation movement, said they would continue to fight. Samiti president Shailendra Dubey said the bill will only dampen the morale of employees of the general and OBC categories.The development, however, brought smiles on the faces of reservation supporters. Thanking political parties who voted for the bill, supporters under the aegis of Aarakshan Bachao Sangharsh Samiti, threatened to teach a lesson to those (read Samajwadi Party) who voted against the bill.At the same time, employees of the state secretariat too left their offices and staged a demonstration outside Vidhan Bhawan, throwing traffic movement out of gear. This was the first time that the secretariat staff came on the street in protest of the proposed legislation, which employees believe, would close doors for promotions.Enraged employees, under the aegis of Sarvajan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti, gathered at the Vidhan Sabha marg in the noon choking traffic. Later, they burned effigies of BJP and Congress at GPO crossing. Some of the employees marched all the way to BJP office and waved shoes at party workers. The employees have been particularly peeved with the 'saffron party' which has been maintaining a strategic silence on the issue.Dubey said employees had requested all Rajya Sabha MPs to show character and vote against the proposed bill which is unconstitutional. He said the employees will continue to strike until the legislation was taken back. \"Political parties like the BJP and the Congress will suffer serious results if the legislation is passed,\" he said.The situation turned tense as protesting employees, already on strike, locked the gates of various government offices and did not allow their pro-reservation counterparts to enter. There were reports of the dalit officers entering into a heated conversation with the general and OBC officers over the ongoing protest outside irrigation department. Dalit officers wanted to enter the premises and work as per the call of their association, Aarakshan Bachao Sangharsh Samiti. Unable to gain entry into offices, supporters too sat on a dharna at GPO crossing. Samiti leaders said protest against the reservation has only revealed the \"anti-dalit\" mindset of the people. Samiti convener, K B Ram said the samiti had given a call to work four hours more than schedule time to prevent administration from collapsing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17660983", "title": "India lost $123 billion in black money in a decade", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Indian economy suffered $1.6 billion in illicit financial outflows in 2010, capping-off a decade in which it experienced black money losses of $123 billion, according to a new report.India is ranked as the decade's 8th largest victim of illicit capital flight behind China, Mexico, Malaysia, Saudi Arabia, Russia, the Philippines, and Nigeria, respectively in the report by Global Financial Integrity, a Washington-based research and advocacy organization.Titled \"Illicit Financial Flows from Developing Countries: 2001-2010,\" the report found that all developing and emerging economies suffered $858.8 billion in illicit outflows in 2010, just below the all-time high of $871.3 billion set in 2008-the year preceding the global financial crisis.\"While progress has been made in recent years, India continues to lose a large amount of wealth in illicit financial outflows,\" said GFI director Raymond Baker.\"Much focus has been paid in the media on recovering the Indian black money that has already been lost,\" he said suggesting policymakers should instead make curtailing the ongoing outflow of money priority number one.\"$123 billion is a massive amount of money for the Indian economy to lose,\" said Dev Kar, GFI lead economist and co-author of the report with GFI economist Sarah Freitas.\"It has very real consequences for Indian citizens. This is more than $100 billion dollars which could have been used to invest in education, healthcare, and upgrade the nation's infrastructure,\" he said.A Nov 2010 GFI report, \"The Drivers and Dynamics of Illicit Financial Flows from India: 1948-2008,\" found that the Indian economy lost $462 billion to illicit financial outflows from 1948 through 2008.Authored by Kar, the report measured India's underground economy as 50 percent of GDP , with cumulative illicit outflows accounting for an increasing share of the total underground economy.The new GFI study also estimates the developing world lost a total of $5.86 trillion to illicit outflows over the decade spanning 2001 through 2010.The $858.8 billion of illicit outflows lost to all developing countries in 2010 is a significant uptick from 2009, which saw developing nations lose $776.0 billion.GFI advocated that world leaders increase the transparency in the international financial system as a means to curtail the illicit flow of money highlighted by Kar and Freitas' research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17657460", "title": "Pre-marital medical test a hit among Hyderabad couples", "text": "HYDERABAD: When 27-year-old Sumit Kanwar of Madhapur was told by his bride-to-be Deepa to go for a sperm cell analysis and HIV tests before marriage, he was embarrassed and clueless until he was told where to go for the tests.To take advantage of the marriage season, a number of hospitals and diagnostic centres in the twin cities are offering pre-marital medical tests which might still sound awkward to conservative would-be couples in Hyderabad.And with more than 100 divorce cases filed every month, a bulk on health issues such as impotency, it has been good news for some hospitals and diagnostic centres, lawyers and hospital officials said.These pre-marital health screening packages consists of HIV and other sexually transmitted diseases, Hepatitis B , diabetes , thyroid and infertility tests for women and sperm count tests for men. \"From the time we started these tests we had been getting more woman customers than men,\" said S I Ali, general physician and owner, Biosytech Healthcare. \"I had started this initiative because I strongly felt that these tests should be made mandatory before marriage. Instead of facing problems after marriage, it is better to completely be aware of each other's health condition. Nowadays impotency has become a common problem,\" he added.These tests cost anywhere from Rs 400 to Rs 1000 for each individual depending on the standard of the hospital.Encouraged by the response, Ali is promoting these tests online and also running campaigns so as to increase awareness about these tests. These packages are also being named creatively so as to attract the customers and hospitals say they get at least 40 inquiries a month on an average.Medinova hospitals named their pre-marital screening package as \"Shubh Aarambh\", which costs Rs 899 for an individual. \"We have started this package so that couples can lead a healthy married life,\" said Ashok Kumar, general manager, Medinova Diagnostic centre.\"People have become open-minded nowadays and do not mind going for such tests before marriage. These tests will go a long way in helping not just the couple but also in keeping their future generations healthy.\"Depending upon the customers' request, the labs also are also open to including add-on tests. \"The basic pre-marriage screening test costs around Rs 700 but there are a few customers who would want more tests to be extra sure. For them we are flexible with our package and offer add-ons like complete semen analysis or complete urine examination and others,\" Praveen Kumar, manager of scope labs said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17657159", "title": "60% schools yet to submit self-declaration", "text": "GURGAON: Over 60% of private schools in Gurgaon are yet to submit the self-declaration forms under the Right to Education Act (RTE) to the state education authorities.The authorities say that if the remaining schools do not submit the self-declaration before December 31, they will face de-recognition.\"So far, out of a total 368 private schools, only 127 have submitted details and declarations required under the RTE Act. The schools need to submit the self-declaration before December 31, which is the deadline,\" said Premlata Yadav, District Elementary Education Officer ( DEEO).She also said that some schools might have submitted self-declaration through online facility but the number of such schools is not known. The official said that all the schools are required to seek fresh recognition under the RTE Act and prior to it they have to file the self-declaration forms regarding compliance with RTE provisions.After the RTE Act was notified by the Haryana government on June 3, private schools were supposed to voluntarily submit the self-declaration forms within a period of three months (by September 3).Despite the deadline for filing such declarations had already passed, the authorities have not taken any action against private schools. Instead, they have been setting new deadlines and requesting schools to submit these details as early as possible. \"Last time, December 8 was fixed as deadline but again it has been extended till December 31 and if any school fails to comply with the order, we will initiate a process for its de-recognition,\" said another official.Initially the original RTE Bill did not include private unaided schools but the government reversed it to include them on the recommendations of a parliamentary standing committee and the Law Commission. After which Punjab and Haryana decided that all private schools would have to get themselves registered with the educations departments of the respective state governments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "dombivly", "code": "17657802", "title": "Man who opposed dowry demand suffers paralytic attack, in hospital", "text": "DOMBIVLY: A day after a 21-year-old girl's father got her would-be groom and his parents arrested for demanding a dowry of Rs 2 lakh on the wedding day, he suffered a paralytic attack on Monday. Though he had taken a strong stand against the dowry demand, the incident had deeply affected the girl's father, Vijay Salunkhe (50), said relatives.Family members said Vijay's condition is serious and he has been kept under observation at Renuka hospital in Dombivli east. Renuka's wedding with Praveen Bane (24), an engineer, turned ugly at the venue itself with the girl's family calling it off. Later, the police arrested Bane and his family members. The incident deeply affected the father.The girl, said sources, has been blaming herself for her father's condition. Following the attack, Amruta has been blaming herself. However, her family has stood by her and convinced her that she should not blame herself for her father's health condition.Her elder brother Harshad said, \"We have been telling her not to worry and that whatever happened was for the good. She would have suffered more had she married into that greedy family.\"The Vishnu Nagar police in Dombivli produced the groom, Praveen Bane (24), his father Prakash and mother Chaya in Kalyan court, which remanded them in police custody till December 18. Bane and Amruta, who worked in the same company in Kurla, had known each other for a while and had decided to get married. Though Praveen's family initially opposed the alliance, they later agreed to the match.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17657194", "title": "Biometric attendance begins for MCG sanitation workers", "text": "GURGAON: The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon ( MCG ) has at last initiated - what it had been claiming to do for the past three years - marking biometric attendance of sanitation workers in the city. After witnessing the appalling condition of sanitation all across the city and receiving several complaints from councilors that the sanitation agency contractors depute inadequate staff to clean the city, the newly appointed municipal commissioner VS Dahiya started the new attendance system on Monday.The biometric devices have been installed at three different locations in zone-II and will be out in the remaining three zones in the coming days. In the last House meeting, the councilors had alleged that the contractors have many ghost employees.\"While on paper they show they have around 300 employees, in reality those doing the job are only around 50. The agency owners get fake thumb impression to show that all 300 are working. In order to check this we have installed this device and all the employees have to mark their attendance through it. If they fail to do so, they will not get their salary,\" said an official.Various teams conducted checks at different locations in Gurgaon to check the sanitation level on Monday and according to officials these drives will continue to take place for the next few weeks.Meanwhile, the municipal commissioner and all senior officials had an extended meeting on Sunday to prepare its reply in the IAF depot case that comes up for hearing on Tuesday in Chandigarh. The Punjab and Haryana high court had directed the commissioner to be present in court and inform why illegal construction is taking place within the 900 metres of IAF depot even though the Supreme Court has put a blanket on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17659638", "title": "Trams viable for Thane but no final plan yet: CM", "text": "NAGPUR: CM Prithviraj Chavan said the ball was in Thane Municipal Corporation's court to decide whether to go in for a Light Rail Transit (LRT), metro service or a monorail. A consultancy report had found that the LRT was financially most feasible.Chavan was replying to a calling attention motion in the lower house by Pratap Sarnaik (Sena) and others. The opposition members were upset that the TMC civic chief had announced a tram service was being finalized without even taking views of the elected representatives and his move had increased real estate prices on the Thane-Ghodbunder route.The CM said that looking into the traffic congestion and growing population, the government had decided in 2000 to go in for an efficient mass public transport system for cities like Pune, Thane and Nagpur. The Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC), as nodal agency, appointed Consulting Engineering Services (CES) to prepare a technical feasibility report for 16.3. kms for LRT or tram car service.In January 2001, TMC approved it in its general body meeting. A detailed project report (DPR) of Rs850 crores was prepared and the civic body conducted a public hearing in February 2001 on it. For LRT, the cost of Rs80 crore per km was worked out.The MSRDC also got techno-feasibility report for monorail on the Thane-Bhiwandi-Kalyan route through Rail India Technical and Engineering Services (RITES). The proposed route was 23.75 kms with 17 stations and as per the RITES report it was estimated to cost Rs3271 crores, Chavan informed the house. This was not found to be financially viable.The MSRDC also prepared a detailed report on metro services between Thane and Ghodbunder Road via Teen Haath Naka, Kaapurbawdi and Kasarwadawali, through CES and it was submitted in September this year. The total length of the route is 10.87 Kms and project cost would be Rs2091 crores, Chavan said. TMC has not found this too feasible financially.Chavan said since TMC was part of Mumbai Metro Region Development Authority (MMRDA), the MSRDC conducted a comprehensive traffic study. The MSRDC with MMRDA was building a service road on either side of Ghodbunder Road which is 9 meter wide and 3.9km in length. Also, flyovers are being constructed on Kaapurbawdi, Manpada, Patliwada and Waghbeel junctions and of the four, work on Waghbeel was nearing completion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17656817", "title": "Food plaza at Patna Junction\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s platform No 10", "text": "PATNA: Railways has decided to set up a food plaza on platform number 10 at Patna Junction to cater to the needs of passengers. The food plaza would become operational in January next, said Danapur divisional railway manager (DRM) L M Jha here.The platform number 10 has been built by the railways to improve operational capacity of the station for passenger trains.Jha said though food kiosks are available on most of the platforms at Patna Junction, food plaza on platform number 10 located at Karbighaiya-end would fulfil the needs of a large number of passengers visiting station from that end or making exit from there.A spacious waiting hall is also being built at this end so that passengers do not face any difficulty while waiting for boarding trains from that side.Railways has already developed Karbighaiya-end as the second exit of Patna Junction, he said.Railways will also soon install a mini train information display board on each platform of Patna Junction, so that passengers can easily know about the arrival and departure of trains from respective platforms, the divisional railway manager said, adding this arrangement is being made following complaints about poor information about passenger trains at the main information display board. A train information display board already exists at the main entrance of Patna Junction.According to the DRM, railways has not fixed platforms for most of long-distance trains for their arrival and departure from Patna Junction these days due to late running of trains on account of foggy weather condition.The station manager at Patna Junction has been asked to receive any incoming train on a platform depending on its availability, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17657468", "title": "Cops say attack was premeditated, men wanted to have \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcfun\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: The investigation into Sunday night's incident has revealed that the entire plan was pre-meditated and the men, who had a bout of drinking, wanted to have some 'fun' and probably make some money too. If this woman had been lucky to escape, someone else would have been ensnared. The cops were comparing the accused with the desperate tempo-borne criminals who had sexually assaulted a BPO employee from the northeast two years ago and finally dumped in Mongolpuri.\"These buses generally ferry office-goers or are hired by schools, both of which are shut on Sundays. So, ideally, this bus had no business to be on the road. The fact that the accused did not pick up any other passenger also indicates that the crime was not committed on the spur of the moment.The bus was ideal, sources say, for committing the crime. It had black tinted glass on the windows with just one door. It also had heavy red and yellow curtains which were tightly drawn. The driver didn't stop the bus during the entire 40 minutes that the crime was committed. He was careful enough to drive at an average speed so that he won't attract the attention of traffic constables.The police said the men escaped all checks on the road and no cop found anything amiss. \"We believe the driver had taken the route towards the Dwarka underpass as he knew that that if he kept driving towards Mahipalpur and Rajokri, he would be detected by the highway patrol. The buses that travel to Dwarka usually takes the underpass,\" added the source.Times ViewThe horrifying frequency with which incidents of rape occur, particularly in the national capital, calls for some urgent action. Most of those who have analysed the situation agree that one of the factors is the low rate of conviction as well as the time it gets to secure it. This reduces the effectiveness of punishment as a deterrent. Perhaps it is time to set up special courts to deal with violent crime against women so that these cases can be fast-tracked. A more gender-sensitive police force would also help. Very often the rank and file of the force share the 'she-asked-for-it' worldview of the rapists and this emboldens them. While all of the force must be trained to be more sensitive to gender crimes, a larger and more visible presence of women in the force could help enormously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17659639", "title": "Darda quizzed on school regulation delay", "text": "NAGPUR: State education minister Rajendra Darda had to face some sustained questioning by the opposition in the lower house for delay in forming a regulating authority for school admissions under the Right to Education Act and also to stop the practice of interviewing parents or the children before pre-primary admissions in schools.During question hour, Darda admitted to the delay and informed that the government has now nominated the zilla parishad chief executive officer (CEO) and municipal commissioner as the special competent authority in district and municipal corporation areas for the regulation. A notification has been already issued in this regard on December 3.The minister said that it is now a punishable offence to interview the parents or the children for pre-primary admissions. \"Under the law for first such violation a fine of Rs25,000 would be imposed and for repeat offences the management would be penalized for Rs50, 000 per case,\" he said. As per the RTE Act interviewing the parent and child is totally illegal, he told Vijay Wadettiwar. \"We have asked the concerned authorities to implement the new law strictly,\" he said.Bala Nandgaonkar pointed out that several schools, CBSE schools in particular, are defying the rule and conduct pre-entry interviews. Hence, pecuniary punishment is not proving to be a deterrent. The minister said that he has already asked the officials to implement the policy strictly. Moreover, a new law is being adopted by the Union government in this regard and it would be more stringent.Speaker Dilip Walse-Patil at this juncture intervened to remind the government that a draft legislation to regulate school and college managements was prepared some time ago but was never brought in the House. It is time to revive that, he said. Darda accepted his suggestion. Walse-Patil told the minister to discuss it with the chief minister before the end of the current session of the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17658611", "title": "Centre adopts Chhattisgarh model for school infra in Naxal areas", "text": "RAIPUR: The centre has decided to adopt the Chhattisgarh government's initiative of using 'Porta Cabins' (pre-fabricated structures) for school infrastructure in Naxal affected areas, a state government spokesman said.Central government has come up with a detailed plan under Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan to provide funds for such schools in Naxal affected districts. The states of Andhra Pradesh , Orissa, West Bengal and Bihar are set to benefit from this plan.Chhatisgarh government has installed pre-fabricated structure for schools in all the districts of Bastar region. Pre-fabricated structure provides portability and saves time in terms of extending school education to the areas where Naxalites have destroyed schools for the reason that they are used by para military forces for anti Naxal operations.The porta cabin school scheme in Chhattisgarh has been implemented with the help of UNICEF and the state of Jahrkhand has also approved funds for such schools. The central government initiative is a step in direction of bringing uniformity in efforts towards ensuring continuity of school education in Naxal affected regions.This decision comes as an acknowledgement by the central government about the committed efforts of the state government towards provision of school education in Naxal affected areas by successful implementation of noble methods like running schools in Porta Cabin, the spokesman said.Centre has come up with a detailed plan under Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan to provide funds for such schools in Naxal affected districts. The states of Andhra Pradesh, Orissa, West Bengal and Bihar are set to benefit from this plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17656892", "title": "Mela comes alive with folk flavour", "text": "PATNA: Traditional performances that brought out the folk flavour of different parts of the state kept the audiences entertained throughout the three-day 'Lok Sanskriti Mela' organized by Jeevika and banglanatak dotcom on the CIMP campus from December 15-17.The fair saw almost 200 artists from all parts of Bihar display their culture with much enthusiasm. Some of the art forms included lokgeet, tribal songs and dances from Purnia and Supaul, Lok Gatha and Madhubani paintings. The mela also depicted use of folk groups in social communication. \"We want art to become a means of earning livelihood for artists as many of them are drifting away from it due to want of money,\" said Siddhanjan, project director, banglanatak dotcom, adding that such initiatives would help improve the lifestyle of these artists.Jeevika and banglanatak dotcom help form Self-Help Groups (SHGs) of folk artists, who are trained under the guru-shishya parampara and then the marketing and promotion is done in phases, Siddhanjan informed TOI. \"It is an initiative to link traditional artists with the mainstream world and we have already got an offer from a religious group to perform in a hotel in South India,\" he added. While the 'Lok Sanskriti Mela' had already been organized in Kolkata in November, it will also be held in Bodh Gaya, Madhubani and Gaya in the coming few months.Sukhda Pandey, minister for art, culture and youth affairs, visited the fair on Monday.Ninad UtsavThe audience broke into applause as members of 'Ninad' beautifully presented their home production, 'Mehfil', on the second day of the 8th Ninad Utsav on Monday. The dance performance was an amalgamation of 'Rubai', 'Vilambit Teental', 'Ladi' and 'Rukhsar Gat'. Students of the institute presented various shades of the season through their dance show. Neelam Choudhary's dance recital on Mirza Ghalib's ghazal, 'Dil hi to hai', was another mesmerizing performance of the evening.Ukraine's Ganna Smirnov had kept the audience spellbound with her Bharatnatyam recital, while tabla acts of Yogesh Shamsi from Pune and Santosh Mishra of Varanasi, too, earned the audience's applause. The music lovers could not have asked for more after noted Sitar player from Pune, Ustad Shahid Parvej's fingers deftly tapped his instrument producing melodious music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17659696", "title": "Sharmila to put padayatra on hold for 3 months", "text": "HYDERABAD: The YSR Congress party was dealt another blow with its leader YS Sharmila advised surgery and at least three months rest after she suffered a ligament injury on the right leg during her padayatra on the outskirts of the city on Friday night.On Monday, specialist doctors at Apollo Hospital conducted an MRI scan and recommended a key hole surgery which is likely to be performed on Tuesday. She has been advised at least three months bed rest after the surgery. Sharmila covered 822 km in 57 days.Sharmila suffered the injury when she slipped while boarding a bus during the Maro Praja Prasthanam. Sharmila was forced to undertake the padayatra after her brother and YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy could not secure bail in the DA case booked by the CBI and continues to be lodged in Chanchalguda jail. So far, Sharmila has covered 822 km during 57 days of the padayatra.But with doctors advising her three months of complete bed rest after the surgery, it is highly unlikely that she would resume it later in view of her health condition. However, party sources claimed she will resume the padayatra after three months.YSR Congress sources said while Jagan is keen that the padayatra drive of the party should not be suspended, there do not seem to be much options left in the form of a member of the YSR family carrying on where Sharmila left as the health conditions of both Vijayamma, Jagan's mother, and his wife Bharati do not permit them to undertake the laborious physical exercise.A few key YSR Congress leaders will confabulate with Jagan in the jail by Wednesday and decide on the next course of action, party sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17657736", "title": "Rise in on-campus violence after student union elections", "text": "JAIPUR: Rise in incidents of violence on college campuses indicates that something is wrong with the present educational system. An analysis of violence cases since the union elections resumed in 2010 and a period of ban on elections from 2004 to 2010 shows that police cases during the former period are comparatively higher.The reason for most of these cases is political rivalry. A closer look at the Udaipur clash which claimed one life will point towards political rivalry. The youth who lost his life was from a group which campaigned for ABVP and the other group had strong affiliations to NSUI which were known to all.In fact, in the past one week alone almost a dozen cases of hooliganism have rocked the state universities and their affiliated colleges in Jaipur, Udaipur, Jodhpur, Kota, Beawar, Sikar to name a few.Agreeing to the rising cases of violence after the union elections presumed, Sumit Bhagasara, state president of NSUI said, \"Most of times such clashes are politically motivated. This is a time when the parties need to work together and exclude anti-social elements from our respective folds.\"His views were echoed by ABVP national secretary, Manish Yadav, who said that elections were meant for political empowerment of students but sometimes they are misused for settling personal scores.On December 15, three students of Sanskrit University were injured when Students' Union leader and ABVP activist Dhanshayam Gautam clashed with NSUI leaders. At that very time an SFI activist clashed with ABVP activist creating utter chaos in the college. A day back, an NSUI activist in Beawar misbehaved with the principal of a government college over fee hike.In all these three incidents, public property was destroyed, general public was harassed and classes were disrupted which are serious offences in the eyes of the law. Barring Udaipur, not a single student was punished in these incidents, which indicates the strong political patronage enjoyed by these students.SS Nathawat, former head of the Psychology department, who studied this phenomenon, observed, \"No doubt, the union elections must have given a sense of political empowerment to these students. But in a bid to get power most of these groups try to influence others. Affiliation with a political group fills them with undue confidence and they don't even hesitate to indulge in violent acts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17658600", "title": "Global cancer specialists for Kolkata meet", "text": "KOLKATA: With over 9 lakh cases of cancer reported from the country, clinical experts are constantly striving to find solutions to the disease. The International Cancer Research Symposium, formed three years back, is one such platform where researchers and doctors meet every year to exchange ideas and remedies of cancer.This year, Calcutta University will organize the conference which will see leading medical practitioners converging in the city from December 18.A total of 220 experts will participate in the symposium, of whom at least 45 are from leading hospitals or labs abroad. \"Cancer is perhaps the most researched disease at the moment and there are a lot of conclusions being drawn in laboratories. But much of this is not coming out into the realm of treatment. The symposium aims to bridge that gap,\" said Urmi Chatterjee, faculty member at the Ballygunj Science College and one of the university's leading cancer researchers.Among the leading city cancer specialists who will reveal their findings at the symposium are Arnab Gupta (director of Thakurpukur Cancer Hospital), Chanchal Goswami (Apollo Hospital), RR Pal ( Guru Nanak Hospital) and Diptendra Sarkar ( SSKM). The most popular international figures in the conference include breast cancer specialist Barbara Dunn from the National Cancer Institute, Maryland, US and prostrate cancer expert Shailesh Singh from Atlanta .Besides discussions on conventional methods of treatment, detailed sessions on alternative methods have also been planned. Homoeopaths like Rathin Chakraborty (Bholanath Chakraborty's son) and P Banerjee will present case studies to show how they have been able to cure cancer. \"We will show how carcinoma in our patients has gradually reacted to homoeopathic treatment and receded during the course of the treatment. There are patients who are alive and well for years after being treated for cancer,\" said Banerjee.Novel methods of treatment that are becoming popular in the west will also form part of the symposium. While Joanne Cunnigham, doctor and teacher at the Medical University of South Carolina, will showcase her breakthrough technique of curing cancer through massage therapy, Shailesh Singh will put forward ways in which traditional treatment of cancer can be integrated with the unconventional methods.With at least 948858 reported cancer cases in the country at the moment, according to statistics provided by the World Health Organisation , the disease is taking up much of clinical experts' mind spaces these days. The International Cancer Research Symposium was formulated three years ago to help researchers and doctors meet on the same platform and exchange ideas involving solutions to the killer disease alone. This year, Calcutta University has been given the responsibility of organising this much sought after symposium, which will see leading doctors and researchers from all over the world converging in the city from December 18. The most interesting part of the symposium is that even non conventional methods of treatment like homoeopathy, ayurvedic and herbal treatment, massage and cure through exercises will be showcased in the symposium alongside conventional allopathic methods.A total of 220 experts will be in the city to participate in the symposium, of whom at least 45 are from leading hospitals, institutes or labs abroad, mostly in the US. \"Cancer is perhaps the most researched disease at the moment and there are a lot of conclusions that are being drawn in laboratories. Unfortunately, much of this is not coming out of laboratories into the realm of treatment. The symposium aims to bridge that gap,\" said Urmi Chatterjee, faculty member of the university at the Ballygunj Science College, who is also one of the university's leading cancer researchers.Among the leading city cancer specialists who will reveal their findings at the symposium are, Arnab Gupta (director iof Thakurpukur Cancer Hospital), Chanchal Goswami (Apollo Hospital), RR Pal (Guru Nanak Hospital), and Diptendra Sarkar (SSKM). Among the most popular international figures are, breast cancer specialist, Barbara Dunn from the National Cancer Institute , Maryland, US and prostrate cancer expert Shailesh Singh from Atlanta.Detailed sessions have been planned focussing on alternative treatment. So, homoeopaths like Rathin Chakraborty (Bholanath Chakraborty's son) and P. Banerjee will speak on how they have been able to cure cancer by presenting case studies and the methodology behind the treatment. \"We will show how carcinoma in our patients have gradually reacted to homoeopathic treatment and receded during the course of the treatment. There are patients who are alive and well for years after being treated for cancer,\" said P. Banerjee.Some doctors will showcase completely novel methods of treatment that are becoming popular in the West like Joanne Cunnigham, doctor and teacher at the Medical University of South Carolina, who will showcase her breakthrough technique of curing cancer through massage therapy. Similarly, Shaliesh Singh will showcase how popular and traditional treatment of cancer can harmonise with unconventional methods that can not only treat cancer but also act as palliatives in advanced stages of cancer. Again, stem cell therapy will also be debated and discussed at the symposium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17658899", "title": "Limited options for those heading to Goa", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you are planning to get a train ticket for a year-end retreat, you may want to rethink your plan, as the trains leading to far-off destinations in east and west of the country are not just full, but have long waiting lists.Compared to the waiting list on other routes, the numbers in trains leaving from Chandigarh may not be as high, but the railway authorities say that even these many waiting passengers are tough to get a confirmation from here. The reason being there are hardly one or two AC coaches in the trains that depart from Chandigarh. However, more AC coaches are attached from Ambala in some trains as it is an important junction on the route. Many Tricity residents prefer booking their tickets from Ambala as chances of getting a confirmation are better, but these days the waiting in AC III tier of prominent trains from Ambala is close to 150.For those travelling south, the situation is a little better in weekly trains Chandigarh-Kochuveli Sampark Kranti connecting to Thiruvananthapuram in Kerala and Chandigarh-Chennai superfast express connecting to Chennai. For those planning to celebrate the New Year or Christmas in Mumbai, Goa or Rajasthan, the options are limited. The daily Paschim Express and the bi-weekly Chandigarh-Bandra superfast are the two options for travelling to Mumbai.For a New Year in Goa, the only option that residents have is Kochuveli Sampark Kranti. Garib Rath is one of the options that could take you to Ajmer in Rajasthan thrice a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17658368", "title": "Oriental refuses to return original papers", "text": "INDORE: The Oriental University has refused to return original mark-sheets and certificates of the students wanting to pull out of the university. The students are already protesting against the varsity for running diploma courses not approved by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE).The students have alleged that the university authorities had sought their original board certificates and mark sheets for verification at the time of admission. The students alleged that they were promised that the documents would be returned within six months after the commencement of academic session but that has not been done so far.After the recent protests, which could not lead to any amicable solution, students have started demanding for their documents back. However their demands were turned down on the condition of first submitting the next semester fee.One of the students wishing anonymity told TOI, \"As the varsity has not been able to prove that it has necessary approval from All India Council for Technical Education for running diploma courses in engineering, students have started demanding for their certificates back. But they are asking to submit next semester fee first.\" He said that varsity has been refusing to return the documents back since two weeks. We are continuously trying to approach them. Moreover, next semester fee is due in February,he added.Another student said that documents had to be returned with in six months after the admission. It's been one-and-a-half year. \"We will soon approach consumer forum , collector as well and file a case with the court,\" he said.Meanwhile, opening its front against the varsity, nearly 600 students along with students' union leaders have decided to up the ante. The students will register their protest at the university campus to corner university authorities. Mahak Nagar, a student union leader said, \"We will show them documents of court, which makes it necessary for varsity to take prior approval of AICTE for running technical courses.\"However, when questioned director of the institute Gaurav Thakral said, \"I am not answerable to such questions. We are a private university and we will run the way we like.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17656865", "title": "Triple murder case: \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcKiller\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 Devesh grew up as a lovelorn child", "text": "PATNA: The police investigation into the triple murder at Indrapuri under Patliputra police station on December 15 indicates that killer Devesh alias Rinku grew up as a lovelorn child after the second marriage of his father, Gopal Sharan Singh. Both Devesh and his younger brother Omkar alias Chintu had no love lost for their stepmother, Alina Singh, and three stepsisters.Alina Singh, 45, and her two daughters Sonalika, 18, and Purnima, 11, were killed with a hammer by Devesh on Friday afternoon.Singh's neighbours have told the investigating team of Patna police that they heard a scream - 'daiya re daiya' - at around 1pm on December 14. \"The family members used to fight and scream a lot. So the neighbours did not take notice of the screams,\" said Patna SSP Amrit Raj. \"According to police investigation, it was Sonalika's scream, who was the last to be killed by Devesh. She had returned after attending her classes at Magadh Mahila College,\" said the SSP.Around 2pm, Devesh went to Dharamnath Mahto's house at R-Block where Singh was waiting for him. They took lunch there and then left for Rajendra Nagar terminal. They also went to a temple for a couple of minutes.Singh told police during interrogation that Alina had forced him to put her both sons, Devesh and Omkar, from his first marriage, in a boarding school at Patna. \"Singh disclosed that Devesh and Omkar were in primary school when he got married to Alina and put them up at a boarding school,\" said SSP Amrit Raj.A police official said, \"Singh said that whenever the boys used to return home during their vacations, the house used to witness fighting. Relations between Alina, Devesh and Omkar were always strained. Eventually, they stopped returning home and shifted their base to Delhi.\"'Double deprivation behind murder'Commenting on the incident, Prabha Shukla, a noted psychologist, said, \"The alleged murderer, Devesh, was probably suffering from double deprivation. He had lost his mother at a tender age and instead of compensating his emotional loss, his father, Singh, married a second time. He (Devesh) was always deprived of his parents' love.\"She said, \"Feeling of deprivation of affection was followed by a feeling of losing his grip over the paternal property, which made him cruel. The brutality of murder showed his hatred towards them.\" She suggested, \"Whenever two adults are preparing for second marriage, with young kid(s) from anyone's first marriage, they should take training about dealing with the existing child. The child would always treat the new entrant to his family as his rival. This feeling could only be eliminated with ample love and politeness from the stepparent.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17659127", "title": "High turnout in central Gujarat", "text": "VADODARA: Central Gujarat recorded a high turnout of voters on Friday with the overall polling percentage in the region expected to remain around 70 per cent or even above.Breaking all previous records, Vadodara district recorded approximately 70 per cent voter turnout. Padra constituency recorded the highest voter turn out of approx 79.8 in the district followed closely by Dabhoi which recorded 77.01 and Waghodia at 75.In the five urban constituencies of the district, Sayajigunj recorded the highest turnout at 72 per cent approximately, followed by Manjalpur at 70 per cent. Vadodara (city) recorded 68.33 per cent voter turnout while Akota saw 68.16 per cent voters casting their votes. In Raopura, approximately 60 per cent voters used their right to franchise.The seven assembly seats of Anand district, one of the key districts of Central Gujarat, witnessed a huge rise in voting percentage. By late Monday evening, officials suggested that the tentative voting percentage of Anand district was around 73.48 percentage.At the newly formed Anklav constituency the tentative voting percent was highest amongst all the assembly constituencies of the district at 78.49 percent. The lowest was at Petlad at 70 per cent. In contrast to the earlier elections which have been marred by violence, the polls passed away peacefully without any major hiccups across Anand.Dahod district registered a tentative voting average of 67.5 per cent with Limkheda registering approximately 75 per cent voting followed closely by Devgadh Baria that registered 74 per cent polling. Garbada registered the lowest voting percentage at 61 in the district.Violence in Shahera did not deter voters in Panchmahal. Shahera itself registered around 76.5 per cent polling with the overall polling percentage in the district expected to remain around 72 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17659218", "title": "CM to petition PM on Tillari, Mhadei issues", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that he will seek the intervention of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on the two issues of Tillari water stoppage to Goa and the ongoing work by Karnataka on the Mhadei water diversion project.While Parrikar is scheduled to meet the Prime Minister for the meeting of the national development council on December 27, he will meet Singh on the above two issues on December 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17659561", "title": "Rayagada tribals pick holes in biometric cards, seek change", "text": "KORAPUT: Tribals in Rayagada town have demanded withdrawal of biometric ration cards pointing out irregularities in it. Led by Zilla Adivasi Sangh, they met the Rayagada collector and told him about the difficulties they are facing in getting subsidized rice under Rs 2-a-kg scheme using biometric ration cards.\"As the biometric card carries the fingerprints of only the card holder, in his absence the other family members are unable to collect food grains,\" said president of the sangh Apallu Swamy Kadraka. He suggested that the card should contain the photograph and fingerprint of a family member of the beneficiary for convenience. The state government in association with the World Food Programme (WFP) launched the biometric ration cards in Rayagada district on a pilot basis on August 18, 2010.Claiming that the biometric card system has helped in checking bogus cards and pilferage of food grains, Rayagada collector Sashi Bhusan Padhi said, \"Steps may be taken to include the name and fingerprints of two more family members of the beneficiary so that in the absence of the original card holder the other persons whose data has been given in the biometric card could collect the items.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17658516", "title": "Govt to provide solar lights to villages to tackle tusker menace", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The forest department has decided to use solar power to contain elephant menace in rural areas.The wildlife department plans to provide 22,954 solar lights to 54 villages. The lights will help keep away jumbos from domestic areas and agricultural land.The department will also provide 600 solar street lights, nine watch towers and Dragon torches, which are used for driving away wild elephants, to villagers.A K Singh, principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF), said the state government is taking all measures to control frequent attacks by elephants in Hazaribag and Ramgarh districts.Attacks by herds of elephants have become a regular thing in Hazaribag and Ramgarh, where six villagers were killed recently and properties and crops were destroyed.In Hazaribag alone, crops over more than 200 acres have been damaged. When asked why no scheme was announced for villagers who have been facing the problem for the last two months in National Park, Ichak, Tati-Jharia and Barkatha Blocks, Singh said, \"We will soon announce the projects after we receive details from the concerned DFOs who were asked to submit reports (on elephant attacks).\"Meanwhile, the forest department gave Rs 67 lakh to the Hazaribag Wildlife Division for development of the National Park and 14 villages within the core zone of the National Park.\"The projects to be taken up for development of National Park include construction of covered benches and repairing of watch-towers at Baghmara, Salparni and Rajderwa in the heart of the National Park located in the deep forests,\" said R N Mishra, DFO, Wild Life Division, Hazaribag.Besides this, he said the existing Tiger traps and two watch towers which were damaged will be repaired for the convenience of the visitors and tourists to the park.In addition to this, 1,521 solar lamps will be distributed in 14 villages and 10 streetlights in each village. The department will also take up sinking of tube-wells in Pokhari, Rajderwa and Baghmara for the convenience of the tourists. The department will also provide two tubewells in each of the 14 villages.Chosen group of villagers will be given guides training for one week so that they can guide the tourists entering the National Park. It will also provide 11,500 photo identity cards to the villagers of the core zone of the National Park.PCCF further said in Hazaribag, the forest department has completed 64 schemes, mostly check-dams, for benefiting the villagers living in forest. It has also distributed 2,274 'Pattas' benefiting 1,500 villagers under Forest Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17656958", "title": "Contempt petition against chancellor", "text": "PATNA: A contempt petition was filed in Patna high court on Monday against the chancellor of universities of Bihar for allowing six vice-chancellors (VCs) and a pro-VC to continue in their office despite the court quashing their appointments.The petition was filed by Ram Tavakhya Singh. His counsel Sunil Kumar Singh sought initiation of contempt proceeding against the chancellor for violating the court order by allowing the six VCs and a pro-VC to continue in their office till fresh appointments were made. The petitioner has also made the state government as necessary party in the petition submitting that the high court had, in its verdict, held that under Section 10(2) of Bihar State Universities Act, 1976, and under Section 11(2) of Patna University Act, 1976, the chancellor was needed to make effective consultation with the state government for appointment of VCs and pro-VCs, which he had not done.A division bench of Chief justice Rekha M Doshit and Justice A Amanullah had held illegal the appointments of six VCs and the four pro-VCs. After this, the chancellor could make any appointment only on the vacant posts of VCs and pro-VCs as under the provisions of Section 13 of Bihar State Universities Act and Section 13 of Patna University Act, the petitioner has argued.On December 7, the division bench had also directed the chancellor to send a panel of list of probable VCs to the state government for effective consultation for appointment of new six VCs and pro-VCs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17659200", "title": "Punjab speaker rejects obituary appeal on slain ASI", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The much-awaited four-day winter session of Punjab Vidhan Sabha got off to a stormy start on Monday when the speaker turned down an appeal by Congress MLA Charanjit Channi, seeking an obituary listing for the slain Amritsar-based ASI Ravinderpal Singh.Ravinderpal, a Punjab Police personel, was shot dead on December 5 while resisting the harassment of his daughter by a SAD general secretary Ranjit Singh Rana.The issue had triggered a national outrage until the SAD leader was arrested and later expelled from the party.\"Sorry, we cannot accept this appeal. This police personnel was a government employee,\" said Speaker Charanjit Singh Atwal.The House had a minor disruption as Atwal spent a few minutes placating a combative Channi who refused to accept the reason.\"The obituary was also suggested by Gulzar Singh Ranike, but it was not accepted,\" Atwal said. Ranike is Amritsar MLA and a former minister in the Badal Cabinet.The opposition Congress also launched a scathing attack on the Badal-led government for selectively paying homage to the Punjab Cabinet minister Surjit Singh Rakhra's deceased brother-in-law Satwant Singh Kaleka -- one of the Sikhs who had died during the shooting massacre at Oak Sikh gurdwara in Wisconsin on August 5 this year.\"The tribute should have been paid to the entire community. The other Sikhs who died also deserved the same treatment. Even at such a solemn occasion, they bring political colour to it,\" said Congress leader of opposition Sunil Jakhar.Just week after the Wisconsin shooting, Punjab CM Prakash Singh Badal was to fly to the US to attend the wedding of state Rakhra's niece at a 30-acre ranch in Mequon, Wisconsin.Rakhra, an MLA from Samana with assets worth Rs 20 crore, had invited the entire Cabinet, all chief parliamentary secretaries and several known politicians from the state for the wedding.\"Just because Rakhra belongs to a rich family, they have given him this preferential treatment,\" a fuming Jakhar told TOI.He also said that US President Barack Obama had even ordered that US flags be flown at half-mast as a mark of respect for the victims of the senseless acts of violence.Last week, Michelle Obama too had invited the families of Victims at the White House .Tributes paid to Gujral, ThackerayThe five-day winter session of Punjab Assembly began on Monday with members paying tributes to former Prime Minister I K Gujral, Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray , Sitar maestro Pandit Ravi Shankar , filmmaker Yash Chopra and others.The House also remembered late comedian Jaspal Bhatti, former MP Dara Singh and actor Rajesh Khanna , before adjourning for the day.The House also paid tributes to former Kerala Governor S S Kang, former MLAs Zora Singh and Malkiat Singh, BSP general secretary Mann Singh Manhera, among others.Leader of House and Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal, leader of opposition Sunil Kumar Jakhar were present in the Assembly. However, former chief minister's Amarinder Singh and Rajinder Kaur Bhattal were absent.Cong wants live debate on law and orderIn a meeting of Business Advisory Committee held on Monday, the Opposition MLAs demanded that the session time be extended. Assurances have been given by the government that time will be given for debate on law and order on Tuesday.Before the commencement of the session, Jakhar along with 12 Congress MLAs met the speaker urging him to allow live telecast of the debate on law and order situation in the state to be held on Tuesday. Congress has protested against the \"very short\" winter session being held by the government. Sunil Jakhar, leader of Opposition, met the Speaker Charanjit Singh Atwal and demanded that the session be extended. \"Instead of heeding our pleas to give us more time and extend the session to discuss relevant subjects of the state, the session's period has in fact been shortened. The double session scheduled for December 19 has been cut short to one session,\" said Jakhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "vadodara/ahmedabad", "code": "17659084", "title": "49 (O) yields results", "text": "VADODARA/AHMEDABAD: As many as 628 voters made use of section 49 (O) to make use of their right to 'no vote'. A large number of social activists and organizations had been running an awareness campaign regarding this right over the last few weeks across the state.Nearly 100 voters made use of the provision of 'no-vote' in Vadodara city itself. \"It was a pleasant surprise for us to find that the polling staff quite conversant with the rule,\" said Rohit Prajapati, an activist who cast his 'no-vote' in Akota constituency.Trupti Shah of Sahiyar Stree Sabha said that activists called up from Anand, Godhra and even Ahmedabad to inform that they had been successful in using the right to 'no-vote'.At the same time activists also found to their disappointment that some people, particularly in the slum areas, who wanted to use the section 49 (O) were scared to be identified as they had to declare their intention openly. \"There were nearly 300 people who eventually chose not to vote. They told us that local leaders would victimize them later on,\" said Prajapati.A voter of Waghodia constituency, Jitendra Chandwani who had to argue with poll officials said,\" I had a tough time explaining the officials about 49 (O). Finally they relented.\"But Urmil Bhatt was not that lucky. \"The poll officials said that they were not aware of the provision. All the 15 of us had to return disappointed,\" Bhatt told TOI.In Ahmedabad, the Election Commission had to send a special team to assist the polling officers at a school near Sardar Patel colony when a voter insisted on using his right to 'no vote'. Shailesh Patel said, \"The polling officer was not aware of the rules.\"Meanwhile, in a booth in Vatva, the polling officer asked four voters to caste their vote in favour of an independent if they did not want to vote for any party. One of these voters Kinjal Mochi said, \"Since we had signed the register the polling officer asked us to vote.\" He managed to come out without voting for anyone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17657368", "title": "3 held for killing lawyer in East Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three people, including an aeronautical engineer and a BPO employee, were arrested for allegedly killing a well-known lawyer and tax consultant in east Delhi before robbing him.Police said the main accused engineer Mohd Wasim had \"not been paid even after rendering services'' to the lawyer and was bent on revenge. Though the cops remained tight-lipped on the nature of the enmity, they hinted that the murder could be the result of a relationship gone sour.Wasim, a native of Muzaffarnagar in Uttar Pradesh, roped in two of his friends Dharmender and Vijay Singh, all aged 21, to help him kill lawyer Subhash Gupta. Wasim, who has completed Aeronautical Maintenance Engineering Licence Course from an institute in Dehradun, fixed an appointment with Gupta on December 13 on the pretext of introducing another person who can work in his place. He asked his friends Dharmender and Vijay to accompany him to Gupta's office.\"We checked call details and compiled a list of all people who were close to the deceased and had access to his office. We knew it had to be someone who knew the accused well as he had a friendly entry. We knew a person who was a habitual visitor was behind the murder. Eventually, we reached Wasim who was arrested from Kapashera,'' said DCP (east) Prabhakar.Sources said Wasim had lost his job at Udyog Vihar in Gurgaon and had met Gupta at his Connaught Place office in August. Thereafter, he began doing odd jobs for Gupta. Wasim claimed he was paid initially for the \"odd jobs,'' but later Gupta owed him Rs 13,000 which he refused to pay. He usually bought paan from a shop located close to Dwarka sector 21 Metro station and it was here that Dharmender - a man who pasted posters and earned Rs 200 per day for it - decided to help him for the lure of easy money.The third accused Singh, a BPO employee, said he knew how to change ATM pin and decided he can make a lot of money by using Gupta's cards and joined the other two accused.Gupta agreed to meet Wasim on December 13. Wasim, Dharmender and Vijay met near the Lokpriya Hospital, Dhunda Hera in Gurgaon and left for Laxmi Nagar. The trio reached Laxmi Nagar around 7.30pm and Wasim informed Gupta of his arrival. Gupta advised Wasim to come to his office at 8.45 pm. Vijay stood guard outside the building while Wasim and Dharmender went up to meet Gupta.\"Gupta served liquor to both Wasim and Dharmender. The accused then hit Gupta on his nose and face. They then pinned him to the ground, after which the lawyer became unconscious. Thereafter, Wasim and Dharmender tied his ankles, knees, hands and mouth with cello tape. Wasim and Dharmender robbed him of his gold chain, wrist watch, mobile phone wallet, office keys and car keys. Later, Gupta apparently died of suffocation and smothering,\" said Prabhakar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17656394", "title": "War against Naxalites goes digital in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand police have acquired advanced 3D mapping software which helps them able to track and chase Maoists sitting right in their offices. The Red rebels often flee deep into the forests and use the green cover to hide and also as a shield to launch counter-offensive against the security forces.Superintendents of police of Naxalite-affected districts and senior officers of the CRPF, Combat Battalion for Resolute Action (CoBRA) and Jharkhand Jaguar, who mostly lead the operations, have been provided with TERA software to study geographic locations in forests. TERA affords a three-dimensional view of alleys in the forests and thinly inhibited villages.The software enables police to locate smaller hamlets with exact latitudinal and longitudinal position on the globe as it uses comprehensive data provided by the Survey of India.The software, developed by a private firm and customized by the science and technology department of the Centre only for Jharkhand police, was made available to the force about three to six months back in different districts. Ranchi district got it six months back. \"The software was first used by us and now other states also started using the same,\" said S N Pradhan, Jharkhand police spokesperson and Special Branch IG.A report prepared by South Asia Terrorism Portal (SATP) has claimed that Jharkhand has earned a dubious distinction of recording one of the highest civilian fatalities among all the Maoist-affected states. The report also said 233 security personnel died in the state from 2005 till January 2012.Pradhan said, \"The advanced technology has given us an upper hand against the Naxalites.\" Usually, the rebels had a better knowledge than the men in uniform on the forest terrain.According to experts, security personnel have suffered massive casualties because of lack of knowledge about safe exit points. \"Earlier, the security forces used to return mostly through the same route which they used as entry point. At times, the Naxalites used to put up landmines at the exit points and trigger explosions,\" said an IPS officer.After acquiring the software, the security forces are now directed to use different routes to enter or exit a place of operation. \"Now, the rebels are not aware as to which route the security forces use for exit,\" said Ranchi ASP (operation) Shambhu Kumar.Before every anti-Naxalite operation, SPs usually hold a meeting with a projector in which the terrain is displayed on a 3D screen to the senior officers engaged in the raid.\"A detailed map of the area where the operation has to be carried out is provided to the officers,\" an SP said.The SPs, while sitting in their offices, can direct the forces about their movement. The personnel, at times, are also informed about the possible ways which the rebels might have used to escape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17659670", "title": "Govt announces Rs 7cr aid for Yerawada Jail", "text": "NAGPUR: The government has announced Rs7.20 crore aid for the upgradation of Yerawada prison. Minister of state for home Bunty Patil informed the upper house while answering a calling attention motion raised by Mohan Joshi. The aid will help to remove various loopholes pointed in the audit report.The government also announced that it has earmarked a fund of Rs25 crore for the new municipal corporations and councils and also for those whose areas has been extended in the city. NIT will benefit in this case, as it is looking after the metropolitan area. On the issue of gas cylinders, government failed to make any commitment, but stated that it was positively considering relaxing the ceiling for NGOs and Ashram Shalas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17657708", "title": "Shinde nails Pak lie on Hafiz Saeed's arrest in 26/11 case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistan's claim that it had \"arrested\" 26/11 mastermind Hafiz Saeed in connection with the Mumbai terror attacks has turned to be incorrect as the Lashkar-e-Taiba chief was picked up for unrelated cases and Islamabad hoodwinked India by concealing these facts.Indian officials belatedly realized that they were taken for a ride when they examined documents given to them on Saeed by the delegation led by Pakistani interior minister Rehman Malik that was recently in India.\"We had been given to understand by the interior minister of Pakistan that Mr Hafiz Saeed had been arrested on the charges of being a part of the conspiracy for the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks,\" home minister Sushilkumar Shinde told Parliament on Monday.\"From the papers given to us, it is clear that the detentions of Shri Hafiz Saeed in the aforesaid cases were for other reasons and not for his role as a conspirator in the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks. Therefore, I can only say that Rehman Malik appears to have been misinformed in the matter,\" Shinde added.The home minister, incidentally, referred to Saeed in Parliament using honorifics like 'Mr' and 'Shri' that prompted BJP leaders to object to the courtesies being shown to a terror accused.The documents -- including FIRs against Saeed and Pakistani court orders exonerating him -- show the Lashkar chief was arrested once in 2002 and twice in 2009. Even the two FIRs against him registered post-26/11 do not mention anything in connection with the Mumbai terror attacks.The two FIRs were registered in Faisalabad when the UN Security Council passed a resolution banning the Saeed-led Jamaat-ud-Dawa after categorizing it as a terror organization. The cases were dismissed by the Lahore High Court because the Punjab (Pakistan) assembly did not ratify the UN resolution. The court went by the Punjab assembly's stand.The documents, shared for the first time with India, also show that the court took note of local media reports saying LeT did not exist in 2002 as evidence in dismissing the case against Saeed. The Pakistan government did not take a stand on any of the three cases and did not appeal the orders. The first time, Saeed was taken into preventive custody while there was no follow-up action on his second arrest. In the third arrest, he was let off by court which found faults in the FIR.The portion nailing Pakistan's lie over Saeed was originally not part of Shinde's statement which was prepared on Sunday night. Rajya Sabha MPs got the additional page only after the home minister read it. Usually, papers comprising a written statement are distributed to MPs while the minister is either reading it or is about to read.Officials in the home ministry said the Pakistani delegation handed over documents on Saeed to them only before it headed for Delhi airport for its return journey on Sunday evening. After examining the papers on Monday morning, officials realized how they had been misled by Islamabad.The fudge is not surprising as Saeed is feted by Pakistan's military establishment and the government is not inclined to act against him.Shinde also said, \"During my talks with him (Malik), he stated that if we desire, he will give us the FIRs and the judgments pertaining to the three occasions when Hafiz Saeed was arrested and let off by the courts. When we pursued this matter, they have given us papers pertaining to the detentions of Saeed in 2002 and 2009.\"Officials believe misrepresenting facts on earlier occasions might have been done by Pakistan deliberately as it does not want to appear to be taking action against Saeed who is a key figure in the country's ISI-LeT nexus for waging proxy war against India.They said Malik gave \"lame excuses\" for not acting against Saeed and the Indian side believes the LeT boss will continue to roam free in Pakistan and indulge in anti-India rhetoric. The visiting delegation had also contended that there was a court ruling on a petition by Saeed's wife Memoona who had submitted that he had left LeT in 2001.\"Pakistan's intention is clear. They do not want to take action against Saeed. This is the impression that we got during talks,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17659535", "title": "Student ends life over study pressure", "text": "NAGPUR: A 22-year-old college student committed suicide by hanging herself with a nylon rope from the ceiling hook at her Baba Farid Nagar home in Gawande layout on Sunday afternoon. Sheryn Chavan, student of bachelor of computer application, ended life as she was unable to pass first year in the last couple of attempts.Sheryn's mother and younger sister spotted her body hanging upon returning home. Sheryn's father, an engineer with Western Coalfields Ltd (WCL), too was outside when his elder daughter took the drastic step. She was rushed to Kunal hospital but declared dead. The family later informed Gittikhadan police. Police said a suicide note was found on the table in the room where she ended life. It said she was sorry to be ending her life. \"Mummy Papa mai aapko khushi nahin de saki\" (Mummy and Papa, I could not bring any happiness to you), it said.Madhumalti Chauhan, mother of the deceased, told police that Sheryn was depressed over academic failure. A case of accidental death had been registered at Gittikhadan police station.In another case, a 40-year-old man, residing near Angulimal Buddha Vihar, committed suicide by hanging himself at his residence on Sunday midnight. Satish Deotale was learnt to be an alcohol addict. He spent most of the time in inebriated condition. Jaripatka police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh/jind", "code": "17658681", "title": "Haryana Jats call off agitation", "text": "CHANDIGARH/JIND: The Jat agitation fizzled out on the second day with the Sarv Jat Khap Panchayat (SKJP) announcing to call off the stir after meeting with Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda in Chandigarh on Monday.Hooda had invited Jat leaders to discuss their demands after they had announced to continue with the agitation even after the state government accepted in principle to provide reservation to the community last week. Khap panchayats based in Jind and Hisar had launched the agitation demanding inclusion in the OBC list on December 16 and the supporters had started a march towards Delhi.Confirming the withdrawal of the stir, SKJP pradhan Nafe Singh Nain, who had flagged off the stir from Narwana in Jind on Sunday, informed they are satisfied with the outcome of talks with the chief minister. \"We are satisfied with the provision of 10% quota under special backward category,\" said Nain.Hooda had a meeting with a 21-member committee of various Jat organizations including All India Jat Arakashan Sangharsh Samiti. \"We have conveyed to our groups which has been marching towards Delhi to return to their homes,\" said Om Prakash Mann, president of all India Jat Mahasabha.The Jat leaders withdrew the agitation asking Haryana government to issue the gazette notification of its decision of including Jats and four other castes, as recommended by Haryana Backward class commission, in the special backward category. \"Hooda has assured us to issue notification about the acceptance of quota demand in Haryana soon and has also promised to take up the issue with the centre for providing quota to Jats in the centre government,\" said Nain.Later, Hooda said at a press conference, \"We are in the process of issuing notification at the earliest. At the same time a cabinet sub-committee headed by finance minister HS Chatha has also been formed to finalize the recommendations for 10% reservation for the recommended by the commission.\" Meanwhile, Jat leaders informed that the groups of Khap supporters, which had started off from Narwana, Hisar and Bhiwani on Sunday, had started returning to their native places after they were informed about calling off the stir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17656372", "title": "Bokaro boys win innovation challenge", "text": "BOKARO: Two innovative minds of Pentecostal School Assembly (PAS) have bagged a free trip to Oxford Brookes University, UK, for sharing their thoughts on reduction of air pollution which has become the biggest threat leading to global warming.Two class XII students, Mayank Kumar and Kishore Kumar, have brought huge honour to their school by winning the first prize in the Innovation Challenge 2012 organized by Oxford Brookes University and IIMT, Gurgaon at Radisson Hotel, New Delhi on Friday.For these two school boys residing in Bokaro, the smoke coming out of the chimneys installed in factories is a major cause for concern. When they were given the topic 'Deploying technology for the improvement of the earth', to prove their innovation at the competition, they shared their thoughts on curbing air pollution which occurs because of the smoke coming out from factory chimneys, a common scenario in Bokaro. They came out with the solution to reduce air pollution and it included purifying chimney exhausts. They displayed it at the competition.The task was not easy for the duo as they had to compete with 1,500 participants of different schools from all over India. Mayank and Kishore outshone other students in both the rounds organized to assess the potential of the participants.\"The second round which had submission of their papers was tough. Of all the participants in this round, only the top 17 students were invited to present their ideas at New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17658798", "title": "Top gun RK replaced by Ganesh in Andhra Orissa Border?", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Though the Maoist PLGA Week, which was held from December 2 to 8, concluded without any major incidents of violence with the police beefing up security in the stronghold areas of the rebels, the cops can ill afford to breathe easy as the banned outfit has reportedly implemented a change of guard in the AOB (Andhra Orissa Border) area to give a fresh lease of life to the waning movement.According to sources, the Maoist central leadership has handed over the responsibilities of AOB to the senior-most commander among the present lot-Gajarla Ravi alias Uday alias Ganesh alias Charcharla Ganesh, giving the much needed rest to top gun Ramakrishna alias RK. It is believed that RK, the present secretary or chief of the AOB area, has been suffering from chronic spondylitis and other health ailments for the past two and half years and has almost become immobile.According to sources, the decision to replace RK was taken at the recent AOB special zonal committee (AOB SZC) meeting held on the borders of Chhattisgarh and Orissa three months ago. The new leader, Ganesh, who had participated in the peace talks between Maoists and the AP state government in 2005, will now head the AOB in general and East Division in particular. He is also expected to revive the sagging morale of cadres and help the Maoists regain lost ground in the East Division (Visakha and East Godavari).Ganesh, a veteran of the Naxal movement, has over three decades of experience and has witnessed the rise and fall of the Naxal movement in North Telangana, which was considered as the first liberated zone in the country. He hails from Warangal district and was shifted from North Telangana Special Zonal Committee (NTSZC) to AOB in the late 1990s.He was given the reins of Malkangiri-Koraput Border (MKB) zone, which was merged into Malkangiri division two years ago. Before taking over the AOB, he was the Malkangiri division secretary. During his tenure as secretary to MKB, he had played a crucial role in expanding Dandakaranya Special Zonal Committee (DKSZC) to AOB zone by forming a new division called Bonda Gupteswar or Bonda Ghati.Known for adopting new strategies as well as for his restructuring and organizational skills, Ganesh is on the Andhra Pradesh State Intelligence Bureau's (APSIB) list of most-wanted Maoists and they have been on the lookout for him over the past two-and-a-half-years. Fully aware of his status, Ganesh has been continuously changing his hideouts and sources said that he even does not have a direct contact with his couriers.Though intelligence agencies have already got information that RK has been replaced by Ganesh in a ploy aimed at confusing security forces, the red rebels have been issuing press notes or letters in the name of Chandra Mouli, originally called Vadkapur Chandra Mouli alias Balakrisna alias BK, the former secretary of AOB who was killed in an encounter in 2007.Despite being diabetic, Ganesh has been playing an active role in conducting meetings and inspiring the cadres, in addition to tribal youths, an expert in anti-insurgency operations in AOB said. The new development is definitely a cause for worry for combat forces as he is among the few experienced leaders out of the present lot to be theoretically and practically sound, he said.Ganesh's brother Gajarla Ashok alias Aitu is also leading the underground cadres in Gadchiroli division of Maharashtra. His elder brother Gajarala Sarayya alais Azad and his wife Rama alias Aruna alias Lalita were killed in an encounter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17656549", "title": "Only Yadavs benefiting in UP: Mayawati", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mayawati on Monday raised the pitch on quota battle by saying that only Yadav community was benefiting under the SP government in Uttar Pradesh.The BSP supremo claimed credit for the passage of 'promotion quota' bill in Rajya Sabha but not without slamming the Samajwadi Party's claim that only one sub-caste of SCs was the beneficiary of reservations. The statement by SP leader in Rajya Sabha Ramgopal Yadav was seen to allude to the Jatav community to which Mayawati belongs.Mayawati, stepping out of the Rajya Sabha after the vote on the contentious Constitution amendment bill, told reporters, \"They should introspect as only Yadavs are benefitting though there are many communities in the backward list.\"The personalized attack between SP and BSP, both identified as much with communities that their leaders belong to as with the umbrella groupings of OBCs and SCs, is aimed at denting the other's support base.If the battle between the arch rivals develops on these lines in UP, Mayawati may think SP is vulnerable on the issue of being the representative of OBCs as a whole.BSP has the support of 'backward among backwards' called MBCs and it may be looking to consolidate them by playing up the \"Yadav domination\" under SP.Mayawati's assault reflects an assurance that rivals cannot wean away non-Jatav dalits from the umbrella entity of SCs by claiming that quotas were being cornered by one sub-group.Mayawati claimed credit for the victory of 'promotion quota' in the upper House and hoped the bill would be passed in Lok Sabha too.She said, \"If we had not fought hard for it, then perhaps we could not have achieved what we got today. We are feeling good today and our supporters also must be feeling so. I want to thank both the government and the opposition on behalf of my party.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17658148", "title": "Our democracy is not perfect, Hamid Ansari says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stressing on need for acceleration in electoral reforms, Vice-President Hamid Ansari on Monday questioned the current system of elections in India casting doubt on representativeness of elected candidates.Lamenting that the present system had led to assemblies and Parliament elected on minority votes with most candidates getting far less than 50% of total electoral votes, the VP said India had failed to make electoral democracy \"fully representative\".\"Six decades later, we have to concede that the glass of democracy remains half full. We have practiced electoral democracy mechanically without making it fully representative. Our electoral procedures and practices have accentuated rather than diminish social cleavages,\" he said.India, he said, is yet to succeed in eradicating electoral malpractices. \"We have allowed money power in all its manifestations to distort electoral outcomes. Our political process depicts ideological decadence and a declining observance of constitutional morality. Our society exhibits a disturbing disregard for moral order and public conscience...,\" he said.Ansari wondered whether the country is on a \"slippery slope\", saying there is a need to rejuvenate commitment to the values, objectives and the judicious balance of the Constitution.He was addressing the fourth B R Ambedkar Memorial Lecture here on the theme, 'Some questions on elections, representation and democracy'.Citing empirical evidence, Ansari said elected representatives today reflect the will of a minority of the total electorate. \"How and to what extent would the candidate be considered representative?\" he asked.In the first general election in 1952, the percentage of successful candidates who secured less than 50% of the votes cast was 67.28%. This figure went down to 58.09% in 1957. In the 13th, 14th, and 15th general elections in 1999, 2004, and 2009 respectively, it was 60.03%, 75.87% and 82.68%, respectively, Ansari said.Cautioning on the problems such system creates, the VP said, \"Observers have noted that it induces candidates to focus on securing votes of a segment of the electorate and thereby induce, accentuate or reinforce social divisions based on caste, creed, faith or language. The excluded or marginalized social groups \"then indulge in strategic voting\". Divisive tendencies and social conflict is necessarily the end product.\"To stem the rot, he suggested a relook at the Second Ballot system instead of First-Past-the-Post system of elections as being followed. The former involves a run off between the first two contenders in an election if neither of them obtains less than 50% of the votes cast. It retains most of the advantages of the present system but would ensure that parties and candidates seek a wider mandate from the electorate, broaden their vote catchments, and thereby minimize appeal to parochial sentiments which is becoming a source of concern in terms of social cohesion, Ansari added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17657882", "title": "Body found in Sitapur was of criminal in cop's uniform", "text": "LUCKNOW: Sitapur police heaved a sigh of relief on Monday evening after it was established that the \"sub inspector\" (SI) found murdered near Shah Maholi police outpost in Kotwali police circle of the city on Sunday evening, was not a police officer and his link to the department was only through some criminal cases pending against him.The police had come under obvious pressure after the murder came to light on Sunday. The additional director general (ADG) Law &amp; Order and Crime Arun Kumar took serious note of the incident. \"The audacity of criminals to murder and throw the body of a police officer near a police outpost was an open challenge,\" Arun Kumar had said talking to TOI on Sunday. Deputy inspector general (DIG) Lucknow Range Navniet Sikera too had remained in constant touch with Sitapur police since the incident came to light and was supervising investigations to identify the victim.Police investigations started off from verification of the identity of the slain \"police officer\". The only clue in hand was the tailor's tag found on the police uniform that was found on the person of the slain man. As per the tag, the uniform was apparently stitched by Anwar Tailors, Nigohi Road, Shahjahanpur. Though Sitapur police did request their Shahjahanpur counterparts to locate the shop from where the uniform was made, the efforts failed to yield any favorable results. What actually helped the police more was the mail that was sent to all the district police across the state by in charge of Kotwali Police inspector Vinay Gautum who took some close shots of the body with his cell phone camera and mailed it to the district police departments across the state.By early morning, the Kotwali police received two responses from the police departments suggesting possibilities that the deceased was not a police officer but a civilian from Bareilly who had some criminal cases pending against him. \"Everything fell in place and within the next four hours we had a name for the dead body: Harsh Pratap Singh alias Pappu (40) of 120, Vilas Nagar (Bhuta), Bareilly. With help coming from the Bareilly police, the rest was easy though a bit time taking,\" said the inspector of Kotwali.\"We are collecting details related to him and have received tip-offs that he had three criminal cases pending against him. We have managed to trace the one lodged with the Bareilly police related to the Narcotics, Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act. He was found in illegal possession of drugs and sent to jail. We have information about two other criminal cases against him, but we are in the process of confirming facts as of now,\" said inspector Vinay Gautam.\"We now have a case of murder lodged with the Kotwali police in connection with the incident and investigations are underway,\" said Dharmendra Kumar, superintendent of police (SP) Sitapur. \"Though it has been confirmed beyond doubt that the deceased was Singh, we have arranged to bring his family members to Sitapur for physical verification as a counter formation,\" he said.Police sources said a police constable in Sitapur did raise doubts over the deceased being an police officer on grounds that the uniform on his person appeared too well-fitted and apparently stitched by a commercial tailor who was not used to making police uniforms. But the constable was silenced as his seniors believed their bosses may see his views as an attempt to water down the intensity of the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17659315", "title": "University to give grace marks for sportspersons", "text": "DHARWAD: The Karnatak University's Academic Council has decided to give two marks as incentive for every examination at under-graduate level and four marks as incentive to the post-graduate-level to the students who excel in sports and cultural activities.Proposing this resolution at the AC meeting held on Saturday VC HB Walikar stated that the response from students to sports activities was poor and hence the incentive to attract students towards sports.The meeting also decided not to give any reservation for the children of the teaching fraternity for various post-graduate courses.A proposal was pending with the varsity to create reservation for the varsity staff (teaching and non-teaching). Walikar said certain reservation could be given for the non-teaching staff so that their wards can get access to higher education. After a prolonged discussion the meeting decided to exempt tuition fee for class three and four employees, while reservation would be created for the wards of the teaching staff under the self-supporting scheme (enhanced fee structure).Referring to incorporating Kannada as a compulsory subject for the BCom students, Walikar stated that Kannada has been made a mandatory in all the universities for the B Com students. Kannada is being learnt by the students studying Arts and Science at degree-level and the varsity cannot exempt BCom students from studying Kannada. He directed the Commerce dean to incorporate Kannada language for BCom students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17658101", "title": "Another day of traffic-jamming protest rallies hit city commuters", "text": "LUCKNOW: Demonstrations held commuters to ransom once again on Monday as the busiest road of the city, Vidhan Sabha Marg, remained out of bounds for motorists. Police had blocked the stretch between Bapu Bhavan and Hazratganj crossing by putting up barricades on Monday noon to rule out possibilities of clash between agitators and general public.While those opposing reservation in promotion bill, which will make way for quota in promotion for SC/STs in government jobs, sat peacefully near the Gandhi statue near Hazratganj crossing after their march, the agitation held by Shia cleric Yasoob Abbas kept cops on tenterhooks.The cleric's supporters burnt effigies of Pakistani leaders opposite the Vidhan Bhawan and shouted slogans against the neighbouring country as well as the Indian leadership. Over 300 supporters protested attacks on the Shia community in Pakistan . They had parked motor vehicles on the road to block the stretch opposite the state assembly building.The hapless commuters had no option but to take alternate routes to reach their destinations. Commuters heading to Mahanagar and Nishtaganj were diverted via Pratibha cinema and GPO to Hazratganj crossing and then to Ashok Marg. Trans-Gomti-bound motorists were diverted via Pratibha cinema, Governor House and Bandariyabagh to Lohia Path.\"Though I am against reservation in promotion bill as also atrocity against any community, I don't feel anything can be achieved by blocking roads,\" said Chandra Pal, a resident of Hussainganj area who suffered inconvenience because of the jam.Several important government and private establishments as well as schools are located on the Nishatganj to Charbagh route. In the past too, on several occasions large-scale protests opposite Vidhan Bhawan during peak hours have held the city to ransom.The city's policing also suffers as several police officials are given bandobast duties. TOI had highlighted on December 3 how day-to-day policing and police investigation takes a hit due to bandobast. In charge of 16 police stations were pressed on service on December 3 to rule out possibility of law and order breakdown by thousands of agitators.December 10: The Vibhan Sabha Marg and Hazratganj Crossing witnessed heavy traffic jam after thousands of agitators taking part in a demonstration organised by teachers of unaided schools gathered in front of the Vidhan BhawanDecember 3: Thousands taking part in more than 10 separate demonstrations converged opposite the Vidhan Bhawan to register their protest", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17658323", "title": "BJP wants cricket series with Pakistan cancelled, no more talks", "text": "NEW DELHI: The opposition BJP on Monday cornered the government over Pakistani interior minister Rehman Malik's controversial pronouncements and demanded that the upcoming cricket series with Pakistan be called off and no further talks be held with the neighbour till India's concerns were addressed.\"The Indo-Pak cricket series should be cancelled. What kind of goodwill are we creating by playing cricket matches after Malik's visit,\" senior BJP leader Yashwant Singh said outside Parliament.The party also accused home minister Sushilkumar Shinde of not responding appropriately to Malik, who triggered controversy by equating 26/11 with Babri masjid demolition and describing LeT terrorist Abu Jundal as an operative of an Indian intelligence agency.\"Our home minister has shown weakness by not responding to Malik. He should have immediately responded... if he (Malik) used hard words, he (Shinde) should have also used hard words,\" Sinha said.Speaking in the Lok Sabha earlier, Sinha demanded that no talks should be held with Pakistan till the perpetrators of Mumbai attacks and the prime conspirator Hafiz Saeed were handed over to India.Raising the issue in Rajya Sabha, deputy leader of BJP Ravishankar Prasad asked why the government \"failed\" to tell Malik that Allahabad High Court has already given its verdict in the Babri case and those claiming it to be a mosque had not been unable to prove it. This triggered an angry reaction from Sabir Ali, a member of BJP ally JD(U), who trooped into the well.\"What Rehman Malik said was unwarranted, unprovoked. We strongly condemn it. I want to ask the home minister why Malik was allowed to come if his visit to India was with an agenda. Why did the government not respond to all this strongly? Home minister should reply,\" Prasad said in Shinde's presence.Prasad also took objection to Malik's remarks dismissing India's evidence against Saeed in the 26/11 attack and that the LeT terrorist Abu Jundal was an operative of an elite Indian intelligence agency.Times ViewUsing the Pakistani minister's comments as an excuse for targeting the Indo-Pak cricket series is an example of populism being allowed to override a considered response. The fact is that there is more than one voice within Pakistani society when it comes to dealing with India. There are many in that country who would genuinely like to build a peaceful relationship. The more people-to-people contacts we have, the more these voices will gain strength. The more we scupper such connections, the more we stifle these voices of reason and sanity and strengthen the hands of the more extreme elements in Pakistani society, hostile to India. The pacifists in Pakistan are fighting a hard enough battle against their extremists, let's not make it any harder for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17659392", "title": "FIR against MLA's gunman, two others", "text": "Three persons, including the gunman and driver of a MLA, were on Monday booked for allegedly thrashing a person at a railway crossing in Jind. The accused beat up the commuter following a brawl at the Hansi railway crossing on Sunday over giving way to the vehicle of MLA Ramniwas Ghorela's cavalcade, which was returning from Karnal, DSP Omkar Singh Balhara said.2 criminals arrested: Police arrested two men from the Jassiya bypass road in Rohtak district for their alleged involvement in cases of a theft of Rs 5 lakh and murder. A spokesperson of police said, \"The accused have admitted that after the robbery they went to Haridwar and then to Rajasthan.\"Scribe assaulted in Hisar: Unidentified armed men thrashed a journalist working with a vernacular daily in Hisar on the intervening night of Sunday and Monday. Rakesh Kranti was returning home when he was stopped near Dabra chowk and assaulted, a police officer said on Monday. Kranti was admitted to a private hospital and his condition is stated to be stable now. The police have started investigation into the matter after registering a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17659302", "title": "Man dies after consuming poison", "text": "Suresh Naik, 55, a resident of housing board, Davorlim, who had allegedly consumed rat poison on Sunday died while undergoing treatment in the hospital on Monday. Maina Curtorim police have registered the case as unnatural death and further investigations are underway.Labourer falls to death from building: A migrant labourer, Durjan Sabar, who was working on a construction site at Loutolim, on Monday fell from a height of a building under construction, and died. He was soon rushed to the hospital but was pronounced brought dead.Arlem man drowns in a well: A 34-year-old resident of Arlem, Concessao Colaco, on Monday, accidentally fell into an open well and drowned. Police sources informed that Colaco was watering vegetables grown by him in his backyard when he slipped and fell into the well. Personnel of the fire and emergency services rushed to the site and tried to rescue him, but he died before medical aid could reach him.Cash, mobile phones stolen at Vasco: Cash amounting to 25,000 and two mobile phones, all worth 27,000, were stolen from a house at Khariawada in the wee hours of Monday. Complainant Subhash Chavan said the culprits entered the house from the front door and decamped with 25,000 and two mobile phones when he and his wife were sleeping. When he woke up, he noticed that the door was open and cash and mobiles were missing. Vasco police have registered the case under Section 457 and 380 of IPC.Vijai criticizes CM over NSA: Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai accused chief minister Manohar Sardessai of doing two \"U-turns\" and criticized the government's decision on invoking the National Security Act (NSA) in the state and on Sunburn festival. He further questioned if the move was to put fear in the minds of the mining-dependent people who may demand the recovery of the \" 35,000 crore loot\" from the mine owners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17657635", "title": "Railway Protection Force unleashes squad to track terror", "text": "MUMBAI: Wizened after the terror attacks on the city's rail network, the Railway Protection Force (RPF) has launched a counter-terrorism squad on the Western line to secure trains and station areas. The squad, called Operation Eagle, comprises 30 RPF personnel and carries out surprise checks on railway premises every fortnight.\"We try to focus on smaller stations such as Nalasopara or Vile Parle and not just nodal stations on the Western line. Five teams are formed and checks are conducted at six stations between Churchgate and Virar. Sniffer dogs are roped in and the squad is armed with bomb-proof jackets, helmets and hand-held metal detectors. We also have our own bomb detection equipment,\" said a senior RPF official.The exercise has helped the RPF find out the inflow and outflow of commuters at every station as well as the type of crimes that take place and how to deal with them effectively. \"The checks are conducted at random and not even the members of the squad are told about the location till the last minute. Other agencies such as Government Railway Police (GRP), city police, fire brigade and hospitals are also involved. Later, an analysis is done as to which authority failed to turn up or performed inadequately,\" the official said.The RPF also conducts mock drills from time to time. \"There are occasions when passengers panic on seeing uniformed personnel searching station areas,\" admits an officer. \"The exercise will be continuous and is a part of the terror preparedness measures,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17659692", "title": "Court rap secures sanction to prosecute tainted employees in Himachal Pradesh", "text": "SHIMLA: In response to court directions issued on December 6, the state government on Monday informed Himachal Pradesh high court that all cases awaiting prosecution sanction, barring four of them, had been cleared.Principal secretary (home and vigilance) under oath submitted before the court that for the remaining four cases also the process would be completed within 15 days. The next review meeting is also to be held within two weeks, the official let the court know.Issuing stern directions, Chief Justice Kurian Joseph and Justice Rajiv Sharma cautioned that should the duty holders not complete the process regarding the request for sanction for prosecution within three months, they would be held liable and answerable to the charge of abiding delay in prosecution. In that event, needless to say that the officers would be personally responsible for all the consequences, apart from contempt proceedings, the judges said.In the last hearing, the judges had directed the chief secretary to file a report whether there was any case pending before the government that was awaiting prosecution sanction for more than three months. Last week, a court had decreed stopping the salary of principal secretary, health, for contempt of court for not implementing an order that had been passed by the high court last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17658829", "title": "CM throws a 'poll line' to fisherfolk", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Monday evening promised fisherwomen of the sea front village of Cheepaluppada near Visakhapatnam that he would favourably look into their demands including MGNREGS scheme during the fishing holiday season, a permanent jetty at the Gambhiram stream and a cold storage unit to help them thrive in their profession.The chief minister spoke to several locals of Cheepaluppada, including a Class 12 student Anusha, who complained about the lack of proper educational institutions near the village and sought more number of bus services on the Vizag-Bheemili route .While pointing out that though she belonged to the financially weaker section of society, she was not receiving any financial aid from the government as she had been slotted in the open category.Kiran Kumar informed the fisherfolk that the government was working on a plan to provide them a GPS system that would help them track fish easily and would be available at a Rs 30,000 subsidy (50% of the total cost). He also promised to deal with their housing woes as per rules without violating the CRZ regulations. Earlier in the day, the CM inaugurated a Rs 60 crore JNNURM housing project which would now house over 2462 families at Paradesipalem near Visakhapatnam. He said that the government had completed over 16,500 units in the first phase, with 10,000 more to be completed soon. He also said plans were afoot to set up a PHC along with a school and a major sports centre on five acres of land in nearby Madhurwada.The CM also inaugurated a 100-feet wide, 2.9 km road connecting the highway to the beach road and the Kapuluppada-Madhurawada road.The CM's entourage comprised party whip and MLA Vizag South Dronamraju Srinivas, ministers Ganta Srinivasa Rao , Dharmana Prasada Rao, Kondru Murali, Thota Narsimham, Bheemili MLA M Srinivas, as well as MLAs Malla Vijay Prasad and Thynala Vijay Kumar , collector V Seshadri .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17657819", "title": "Minister Sharma yet to react, BJP wants him to resign", "text": "JAIPUR: A junior minister in the Ashok Gehlot cabinet, Rajkumar Sharma found himself at the wrong end of law on Monday after a lower court sentenced him to three years of imprisonment in a 15-year-old case.However, till late on Monday, there were neither any signs of Sharma resigning on moral grounds nor any hint of he being forced to resign. It might not be a case of murder or rape but political experts believe that with charges being proved and the court awarding him punishment, Sharma should resign. However, a suspended sentence has given Sharma just the loophole he might have needed. Despite several attempts Sharma could not be contacted.The opposition, though, jumped on to the opportunity and demanded Sharma's resignation. \"It might not be a heinous crime but nevertheless, it was a criminal case and people were injured in that demonstration. Law makers at no point can be law breakers and Sharma should resign immediately,'' said BJP's vice-president Suman Sharma. BJP's suspended MLA Hanuman Beniwal was also awarded three years imprisonment in the same case on Monday but as the party has already suspended him, the members refrained from talking about him openly. \"He is a suspended legislator but what applies to Sharma, applies to him too,'' said Suman Sharma.Minister of state for health Rajkumar Sharma is one of the six MLAs who won the 2008 assembly elections on a BSP ticket but later moved to Congress. He is considered to be an Ashok Gehlot loyalist and among these six, closest to the chief minister. A first-time legislator, Sharma was associated with NSUI, is a former president of the Rajasthan University and a member of Youth Congress.Sharma's name features in several minor cases from the students' politics days but the largest controversy has been the attempt to murder charge against him by his ex-wife. Sharma's ex-wife Roopa Mathur, who was stabbed in the neck by two men on a motorcycle in 2004, had then accused Sharma of conspiring against her. She had filed a case of bigamy and dowry against him earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "17659534", "title": "Six more ZP office-bearers arrested", "text": "GONDIA: BJP activists from district observed bandh in Gondia and Goregaon to protest arrest of some of the office-bearers of Gondia Zilla Parishad following complaint by former CEO Yeshwant Gedam. Six office-bearers surrendered before police on Monday.Three office-bearers were arrested on Sunday under prevention of atrocities act. They did not apply for bail and were sent to magisterial custody. Contrary to reports, ZP president Netram Katre could not be arrested on Sunday. He was taken into custody on Monday along with former chairman Pancham Bisen, chairman of the tribal development committee Shrawan Rana, one Vijay Rahangdale, Moreshwar Katre and Sanjay Kulkarni.Addressing a press conference, MLA Rajkumar Badole said the drive against Gedam and his corrupt activities would continue till he was suspended. Rakesh Sharma , Ashok Ingle, Vijay Anjankar, Dipak Kadam, Bhaurao Uikey, Vijay Shivankar and others were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17658630", "title": "CPM rattled by threat from BJP", "text": "KOLKATA: Never has the BJP emerged as a real danger to the CPM in Bengal as now, prompting all front-ranking leaders, such as Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee and Biman Bose, to revisit their primers and tweak the party tactic accordingly.According to district leaders in South and North 24-Parganas, the BJP is making inroads among the poor backward castes in Minakha, Haroa, Bongaon and large border stretches.The issue is likely to be discussed at the two-day CPM state committee meeting that began at the Alimuddin Street headquarters on Monday. The 'alarming trend' has been duly noted at the meeting that has been called to take stock of the ground reality in rural Bengal on the eve of the panchayat polls .On the one hand, CPM organisers at the grassroots are finding it tough to choose women candidates for the 30,000 odd seats in the three-tier panchayat system, when many party workers fear renewed attacks by the Trinamool in the run-up to the election.\"In many areas we are not being able to provide security to villagers willing to contest the panchayat polls on our behalf. A section of them is switching to the BJP,\" a CPM state committee member said, pointing to the recent developments in the remote islands of South and North 24-Parganas where security is a question mark.In a bid to reach out to the grassroots, the CPM state committee has called upon party members to launch an intensive campaign demanding universal public distribution system aimed at setting up the poll machinery that has crumbled in some areas in south Bengal. A central convention has been planned at the Calcutta University Centenary Hall against price hike ad multi-brand retail FDI.The CPM state committee on Monday co-opted three young Turks - Atanu Saha of the party's Bengali daily Ganashakti, all-India SFI secretary Ritabrata Banerjee and former DYFI all-India secretary Tapas Sinha - in the state committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17658469", "title": "Man found charred in flat", "text": "KOLKATA: A 35-year-old man was found charred inside his flat under mysterious circumstances at Entally in central Kolkata on Monday morning. The victim was later identified as Noushad Alam.Police said that around 4.25am, residents of Entally informed them about a fire in the locality. Three fire engines were immediately pressed into service and after about 30 minutes, firemen pulled out the charred body of Noushad from his first-floor flat on Syed Ahmed Road.A probe revealed that Noushad was a marble craftsman and used to reside at Beniapukur. But he often stayed at his Entally flat. After attending a family programme on Sunday night, he did not return to his Beniapukur residence where his wife and child reside. He came to the Entally flat instead.Early in the morning, one of his neighbours in the same building first noticed smoke billowing out of Noushad's flat. \"Suspecting something wrong, I started knocking on his door. But he did not respond. Then I raised an alarm and informed other neighbours. Police and fire brigade were also informed,\" said Tashim Ali, one of the neighbours.After an initial probe, fire officials suspect that the fire broke out from a short-circuit. \"The victim was found dead on his bed. It's very surprising that he did not try to come out of the room and did not even scream to seek help,\" said Bilkish Begum, another neighbour. Police initially suspected that the victim perhaps died of suffocation after which flames engulfed his body. But the postmortem report has not corroborated the fact. \"The postmortem report suggests that the burn injuries which caused his death were ante-mortem in nature,\" said a detective department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "17658964", "title": "Leopard hit by vehicle on NH-37, injured", "text": "DIBRUGARH: A leopard was injured after being hit by a speeding vehicle on NH-37 at Bismile area in Chabua in Dibrugarh district on Monday.Locals found the leopard lying by the side of the busy highway in an injured state at around 6am.Significantly, the big cat lay unattended on the roadside for more than five hours even after forest department officials were informed about the incident by the locals. Later, a team of veterinary doctors from the Guijan wildlife range in Tinsukia arrived and tranquilized the leopard.Reports said it appears that the leopard was hit by a speeding vehicle while crossing the road. It suffered injuries on the waist and the legs and was unable to move.\"Our doctors are trying to ascertain whether the wild cat has suffered any kind of major internal injuries or bone fractures. It will be initially treated at the Guijan wildlife range and then shifted to the Centre for Wildlife Rehabilitation and Conservation in Kaziranga,\" said B Baruah, the ranger of Dibrugarh forest division.A person named Gopal Keot was injured after he was attacked by the big cat when he tried to get too close to it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17657642", "title": "Nine-year-old found hanging, mother alleges murder", "text": "BANGALORE: The body of a nine-year-old girl was found hanging from the ceiling fan in her house at Rameshnagar, Marathahalli, on Monday evening.Harini was staying with her mother Saraswathi, who had been deserted by her husband Sridhar.Late on Monday evening, Saraswathi went out to buy a pencil for her daughter, who had to write a test on Tuesday. Her elder son, Subash, who had gone for tuition, returned home around 7 pm to find his sister hanging from the ceiling fan by a dupatta. Two pillows were lying underneath.Saraswathi too returned home by then. The two brought Harini down, but the child had died by then. In her complaint to HAL police, Saraswathi alleged that her daughter was too young to commit suicide and might have been murdered.Harini was a Class V student of East Primary School, Vimanapura.\"My daughter is incapable of committing suicide. How could she tie the dupatta to a ceiling fan all alone?\" Saraswathi said.Police said they found a death note but declined to reveal its contents. Family members said the hand-writing in the note was not Harini's.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17658208", "title": "Metro Effect: Slower Traffic, fewer accident deaths", "text": "Metro rail work may be driving city motorists to despair, but the giant transit project has done them a favour.Construction of viaducts, tunnels and stations for the network has shrunk road space, drastically reduced the average speed of vehicles and forced police to make several stretches one-way. This has caused more minor smash-ups but has also reduced the number of casualties in accidents.Traffic department statistics show that 1,390 people died in road accidents this year till Sunday, December 16. In the same period last year, there were 1,505 deaths. There have been 1,355 fatal accidents so far this year as compared to 1,456 last year.City traffic managers say an increase in cases of rash driving and a decrease in the quality of roads are concerns that have not yet been addressed, but it is a relief that there have been fewer fatal accidents and deaths on the city's roads. Chennai has more road deaths than any other city (1,399 in 2011) bar Delhi (1,679). Bangalore (720) has the third highest number of fatalities in road accidents.A senior police officer said the number of fatal accidents on Anna Salai, EVR Salai and Jawaharlal Nehru Salai (100 Feet Road) has dropped due to metro rail work slowing down movement of traffic along arterial roads and, due to a knock-on effect, on roads nearby.Chennai Metro Rail Ltd officials hope the transit system will ease traffic congestion once the trains start to roll and say the city could improve its road safety record if traffic police strictly enforce the rules.But experts fear that the number of fatal accidents in the city will continue to remain disproportionately high because roads in the city have fallen into disrepair or have taken a beating due to the sheer size of infrastructure projects like metro rail. Most roads are also too narrow to deal with what has been an exponential increase in the number of vehicles in the city.Successive governments failed to address the problem and this has resulted in major roads not being widened to make space for more vehicles.On Inner Ring Road, Kodambakkam High Road, Arcot Road, G N Chetty Road, Sardar Patel Road, Poonamallee High Road and Anna Salai, the average speed of vehicles has dropped by 10kmph to 15kmph over two decades, a study by Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority found in 2009.\"There is an urgent need for a complete relook at road planning and engineering methods because of the explosion in the number of vehicles in the city,\" said urban transport expert K P Subramanian. \"Unless the government and corporation do this, they will not be able to prevent a rise in fatal accidents in the future.\"Only 12 licences cancelled in 3 yearsThe traffic police recommended the cancellation of licences of 55 people caught for drunk driving till September 30 this year, but none was cancelled. Just 134 offenders had their licences suspended for a while, traffic police sources say. No licences were cancelled last year too.\"The traffic police may write to us seeking suspension or cancellation of the driving licence, but we cannot take a call immediately. Cancelling a licence cannot be done unless he/she is a proven habitual offender,\" said a transport department official. \"In the case of fatal accidents, unless he/she is proven guilty in a court of law, we cannot make any judgment.\" Just 12 licences have been cancelled in the last three years against the traffic police's recommendations of 391 cancellations for drunk driving.In most cases, the licence is suspended for six months, and appeals to higher-ups can reduce this to 3-4 months. Even in the case of fatal accidents, the department takes time to respond to cancellation requests. Officials say it tough to fix the offender as there is no scientific analysis in place to prove his/her guilt. \"In many cases, the rider/driver may not be responsible for the accident, but witnesses hold him guilty on face value,\" said a regional transport officer seeking anonymity.Says Raj Cherubal of City Connect, an NGO in the field of traffic and transportation: \"There has to be a stringent policy in place while issuing driving licences. Nowadays, any person can get a licence across the counter.\" Transport officials said staff shortage was hampering regular inspections to check offences. About 50 motor vehicle inspectors are available for the entire city to authorize licences and fitness certificates, besides registration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17658605", "title": "National Rural Health Mission team visits Kanpur to discuss PIP 2013", "text": "KANPUR: A central government appointed team of National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) visited the city here on Monday to provide guidelines to the district health department with regard to the Project Implementation Plan (PIP) for 2013-14.The NRHM team laid special emphasis on identifying gaps in PIP in the ongoing year so that they are not repeated in the future.The team reached Ursala Horseman Memorial (UHM) hospital around afternoon where after a formal introduction, the team members conducted a workshop with the medical officers and associated members in various health and family welfare programmes.According to the health department officials, the central health ministry sent the special NRHM team to various districts to find out the status of the plans before releasing the PIP funds for 2013-14. After reviewing the gaps in the current year's PIP model, the center will give its nod for the funding of various health plans and schemes and also the total fund required by the districts.\"Every year, we prepare and discuss the PIP after which we start working on various health programmes. First, we will compile the block health action plan and then the district health action plan will be prepared.The team members will review these action plans and also suggest changes. Once the suggestions are incorporated, a final drafting of the health action plan will be done,\" informed chief medical officer RP Yadav.He said the NRHM team emphasized on a PIP in which factors like human resource, infrastructure, equipment and instruments are included.The official also informed that this four member NRHM team will make a second visit to the city on December 20. Then, they will review the PIP formulated by the district health department and propose amendments in it. They will also discuss problems with the working of local health officers and workers in their upcoming visit.\"In the absence of adequate number of trained personnel, poor infrastructure and improper budgets, the state is struggling to expand the coverage of flagship schemes.Hence, the actual expenditure falls short of the sanctioned budgets for schemes, and the quality of expenditure remains sub-optimal,\" said a health department official requesting anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17659741", "title": "Government refuses to act against cop", "text": "KOLKATA: Relations between the state government and the state human rights commission seem to have hit a rough patch again with the former refusing to take action against then inspector in charge of Burdwan police station Prasun Banerjee.On July 9, the West Bengal Human Rights Commission (WBHRC) had recommended Banerjee's suspension and initiation of departmental proceedings against him. The commission received a reply from the state government on Monday in which it stated that no action against the police officer will be taken.The WBHRC's suggestion comes in relation to a case dating four years back. On June 4, 2008 Lakshmi Das had lodged a complaint with the rights panel alleging that her son Subrata was poisoned to death owing to police indifference.According to the complaint by the Natun Colony resident, Burdwan police station refused to register an FIR on the case. Subsequently, Das filed a petition in the Burdwan CJM court. Despite a court direction to initiate an investigation into the case immediately, the police kept delaying the matter, only to take it up seven months later, the complaint stated.Banerjee, the then inspector-in-charge of Burdwan police station, who is now serving as an inspector in IB, had failed to appear before the commission on several occasions. When he finally deposed before the panel on July 3 this year, the police officer reportedly explained that 'since Burdwan police station was a busy police station, the court complaint received by the police station on April 4, 2008 did not come to his knowledge'.The human rights commission observed this as gross dereliction of duty on part of Banerjee. The commission further noted that Banerjee failed to maintain law and order.Thereafter on July 9, the commission sent its recommendation to the state government to suspend Banerjee within two weeks and take appropriate departmental proceedings against him within six weeks of receiving the communication. The state government was also asked to inform the commission on the action taken within three months. \"The government's response to the commission's recommendation came after over five months. And it has rejected the recommendation completely,\" said a source in WBHRC.Rights activists have condemned the government's move. \"This will encourage police to resort to more human rights violation cases in future,\" said Ranjit Sur, state secretariat member of Association for Protection of Democratic Rights (APDR).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17657924", "title": "'Doctors kept dead man in ICU as cover-up'", "text": "MUMBAI: In a twist to a negligence case at the state-run St George Hospital where a patient died on Saturday, preliminary findings show that junior doctors kept the deceased in the ICU for two hours to cover up for their laxity. An inquiry by a three-member committee is yet to be completed.The panel is investigating the \"mysterious\" death of Bhiku Tambe (65), who had been undergoing treatment at St George Hospital since December 4 for breathlessness. On Saturday, he was taken to GT Hospital for a pulmonary CT angiography. Things started going wrong soon after a little over an hour of going through the examination, Tambe collapsed a little after an hour of undergoing the diagnostic examination at the hospital's casualty ward. Around 3.50pm, doctors in the ward declared him dead and it was confirmed by an ECG test later.But St George doctors, who barged into GT Hospital soon after hearing the death news, took Tambe's body back to their hospital, said doctors from GT. Moreover, junior doctors allegedly used an ambu bag-a resuscitator used for patients who have difficulty in breathing-despite knowing the patient had already died, the doctors added. A senior doctor from St George confirmed that Tambe was taken to St George's ICU and put on ventilator for two hours. \"After two hours, the doctors informed Tambe's relatives that he had died. They broke the news to the relatives around 6.50pm when he had actually died at 3.50pm,\" said the doctor.St George's medical superintendent Dr D R Kulkarni said he would comment only after the inquiry was over.The four who have come under the scanner of the inquiry committee are a chief, senior and junior resident doctors and a lecturer. The inquiry indicated that none of the senior doctors or administrators from either hospital was informed of the sequence of events.The committee members are now listing the carelessness on the part of the doctors, the first being that none of them accompanied the patient who had a serious lung condition and a weak heart and was at the risk of collapsing during or after a CT scan. No one arranged for an ambulance though it was mandatory under government norms, said a source. Staffers at the imaging centre told the committee that Tambe was made to wait outside for over 30 minutes to check for any reactions. \"We sent him away when he said he was feeling fine. The patient himself hailed a taxi to return to St George Hospital but returned half-way when he felt unwell,\" an official from the imaging centre told TOI. This was corroborated by GT Hospital doctors. The doctors even handed over Tambe's body to the family without conducting post-mortem, which is compulsory in a medico-legal case.Since according to the initial rumours, Tambe had died of an infection caused by the dye used for CT scans, an FDA team on Monday collected samples of the dye. The officials have also suspended the use of the dye batch till it is declared safe.They have also taken samples of an injection given to Tambe to stop inflammatory reaction of the body to the dye.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17656432", "title": "Mister India fancied at Delhi Races", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mister India should claim the Delhi Race Club Bookmakers Association Million at the Delhi races on Tuesday.Selections: 1st race: Vinnie 1, Yalamlam 2, Attitude 3. 2nd race: Ice On The Moon 1, Saddlers Rule 2, Revengeful Knight 3. 3rd race: Mister India 1, Lambada 2, Vision of Art 3. 4th race: Ashwa Prisha 1, Self Assurance 2, Huge Price 3. 5th race: Ganga Jal 1, Take A Chance 2, Royal Crown 3. 6th race: Green Seals 1, Master Sensation 2, Taz Raftar 3. 7th race: First One 1, Mountain Cat 2, Ashwa Paddma 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "samastipur", "code": "17656479", "title": "Man gets life term for killing wife", "text": "SAMASTIPUR: The first additional district and sessions judge (ADJ) Panchanan Sharma on Monday awarded rigorous life imprisonment to one Sunil Mahto, resident of Chaita village under Angarghat police station in Samastipur district in a dowry-related murder committed in 2008.Lalo Dev, mother of the deceased, Nirmala Devi, in an FIR lodged with the police station concerned accused Sunil Mahto, husband of her daughter, of poisoning to death Nirmala as she failed to meet his dowry demand of Rs 50,000. APP Ramesh Prasad Singh appeared on behalf of prosecution, while the accused was defended by advocate Kaushalyanand Thakur.Extortion demand: Director of Central Public School Md Arif on Saturday received a message on his cell asking him to cough up Rs 5 lakh as extortion money and threatened him with dire consequence if he fails to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17657685", "title": "GRP busts robbers' gang, five arrested", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Government Railway Police (GRP) on Monday busted an inter-district gang of robbers and arrested five of its members from platform 1 of Allahabad Junction. The arrested persons were identified as Mehboob, Raees, Sujan, Yaqoob and Ali Hasan, all residents of Moradabad.The GRP also recovered looted articles including cash, mobiles and suitcases worth Rs 10 lakh from them.Inspector, GRP, Tripurari Pandey said the gang members usually travelled in general and sleeper coaches and befriended fellow passengers. They would deboard the train after looting goods of passengers.The gang was active on Allahabad-Delhi, Allahabad-Lucknow-Moradabad and Allahabad- Jhansi-Bhopal routes. The accused told the police they had looted more than four dozen passengers in different trains.3 hurt as students, traders clash in Georgetown: Three persons were injured after a group of students clashed with shopkeepers in Georgetown on Monday afternoon.Report said a student leader and his supporters clashed with a group of shopkeepers over a petty dispute. Both groups indulged in brick-batting and also opened fire. A four-wheeler was also damaged in the ensuing violence.As the two sides indulged in brick-batting, passersby ran helter skelter for cover.Upon receiving information, police rushed to the spot and took both groups to the police station. The supporters of both groups created noisy scenes at police station, following which additional police had to be deployed.Station officer Georgetown said they were investigating the case and action would be initiated against the erring persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17659738", "title": "Chitale to head SIT on irri scam", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra government on Monday announced a special investigation team (SIT) probe headed by irrigation expert and former bureaucrat Madhav Chitale into the multi-crore irrigation scam.\"It will certainly go beyond what the white paper has established. But how much and how far is yet to be decided,\" water resources minister Sunil Tatkare told TOI. Sources said the panel would have two more members and would get 6 months to complete the probe.It is learnt it would look into two questions: Whether any tender conditions were violated and whether the enormous cost escalations were justified.But even before the SIT is set up, social activist Medha Patkar raised doubts about Chitale's capacity to probe the issue and suggested that it should be headed by a retired or a sitting judge.Welcoming the move, leader of Opposition Eknath Khadse demanded that deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar either quit or be denied portfolios. PWP leader Jayant Patil wanted both Pawar and Tatkare to quit till the probe is over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17658373", "title": "'Time frame to be decided after govt defines terms of reference of probe'", "text": "PUNE: Water expert Madhav Chitale on Monday said that the Special Investigation Team (SIT) appointed to probe into the irrigation projects will decide the time frame only after the state government defines terms of reference of the inquiry.Speaking to reporters at the city-based Yashwantrao Chavan Academy of Development Administration (YASHADA), Chitale said, \"Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan called me today and asked if I was ready to work as head of the SIT. I conveyed my agreement.\"He added, \"As of now I cannot specify the time frame of the probe as the government has to specify terms of reference. The CM said that the details will be finalised by December 31. I exactly don't know the details of the white paper published by the state government. So I cannot comment on it.\"Chitale has worked at various positions, including the post of secretary, ministry of water resources, government of India and also headed various water committees.When asked about the irrigation status in the state, Chitale said, \"Every year the irrigation department publishes the status. I personally feel that it is obvious for the state to provide water from irrigation schemes to industries and urban areas.\"A while back, NCP president Sharad Pawar had defended Ajit Pawar on the similar lines. \"The state should come with a white paper and probe all irrigation projects. But while doing so, it should remember that water has been used for industries and drinking purpose as well. Calculate agriculture and non-agriculture usage and then decide on the utility of irrigation projects,\" Pawar had said at a party convention at Pune in October.The Medha Patkar-led National Alliance for Peoples Movement (NAPM) has questioned Chitale's appointment as head of the SIT. Suniti Su Ra, close of aide of Medha Patkar, said, \"We are not sure about the outcome of the probe under Chitale. It would have been appropriate to have a retired judge as SIT head.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17659816", "title": "Ajit Pawar \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcpushed for SIT probe\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 , got his way", "text": "MUMBAI: Water resources minister Sunil Tatkare on Monday said the special investigation team (SIT) that will probe the alleged irrigation scam \"will certainly go beyond what the white paper (on state irrigation projects) established . But how much and how far is something yet to be decided\" .The announcement of the probe in the legislative assembly followed hectic backchannel negotiations between chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief Sharad Pawar. Sources said the two were in constant touch since Friday night, trying to shape an agreeable solution for the opposition as well as Pawar's nephew and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, who has been at the centre of the irrigation scam row.Sharad Pawar, sources said, wanted a judicial probe, while Ajit Pawar insisted on an SIT headed by a former civil servant. A judicial probe would have \"meant an open invitation for anyone to file an affidavit with a complaint or allegation. Moreover, it would have dragged on at its own pace,\" explained a senior NCP functionary . So, for Ajit Pawar, an SIT was considered preferable.Meanwhile, Chavan sought a threemonth deadline for the probe, but Ajit Pawar was adamant on a six-month time limit. \"Ajit felt that by appointing an SIT and a head of his choice, it would be easier to stay away from the judiciary,\" said a senior minister.The parleys between the parties crested on Monday, with a long closeddoor meeting attended by Chavan, Ajit Pawar and Tatkare. The coalition partners agreed that an announcement must be made before the courts take notice of the issue. Public interest litigations in the matter are likely to come up before the judiciary soon. \"The government was of the opinion that someone must break the ice and end the deadlock in the assembly. What has happened over the last week (disorder in the two Houses of the legislature) has hurt our image,\" said a top Congress minister.Though at this point an SIT seems like an eyewash, given that it is unlikely to receive any powers to take punitive or other action, the opposition is hoping the judiciary will take note of the investigation. \"If the judiciary decides to monitor the SIT at the behest of the petitioners, it could still spell trouble for Ajit Pawar and Sunil Tatkare,\" said a BJP leader.While welcoming the government decision to set up an SIT, several opposition leaders demanded that either Ajit Pawar resign from the deputy CM's post or be denied other portfolios . \"For the sake of a fair probe, I request the chief minister to not give any portfolios to Ajit Pawar until it is over,\" said leader of the opposition Eknath Khadse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17658491", "title": "Poison plot: Bokaro man kills wife for dowry", "text": "BOKARO: A man allegedly poisoned his wife to death at Mundra under Nawadih police station here on Monday after his demand for dowry was not fulfilled.The father of the deceased also alleged that the husband, Dilu Mahto had an illicit relationship with his sister-in-law. Sita (22) was married to Mahto three years ago. Initially things were fine, but later Mahto started torturing her for money. sDSP, Bermo, Santosh Pathak said police found Sita's body in her bed. Although the cause of death would be clear after postmortem, preliminary investigation revealed that she died of poison. Sita's father said he had thrice pleaded with the panchayat for justice while complaining about the torture on his daughter. The panchayats had even warned Mahto not to torture her again.\"But a few days ago Mahto demanded Rs 50,000 cash from me, and when I could not provide the money he killed my daughter,\" he said . tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17658136", "title": "Chennai's extended areas may get temporary storm water drains", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Corporation is considering interim projects to build storm water drains in the expanded areas. This is because a comprehensive project for these areas, planned under the second phase of the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), could take more than five years to be launched.A corporation official said temporary arrangements would be made to prevent inundation. \"We have not finalized the detailed project report prepared by the consultant for storm water drains in the expanded areas. But it will take some time,\" he said.There are just 682.4km of storm water drains along 2,752km roads in the expanded areas. The mega storm water drain network, expected to cover more than 1,000km in Thiruvottiyur, Manali, Ambattur, Madhavaram, Valasaravakkam, Alandur, Perungudi and Sholinganallur zones, is estimated to cost 3,000 crore.\"We have not received any notification about the second phase of JNNURM. Once we do, we will seek funds with the state government's support,\" the official saidResidents have welcomed the civic body's plan for the interim relief measures. \"It's good that the civic body is taking steps to prevent inundation. There are several low-lying areas in the expanded areas,\" said Ram Kumar of Alandur.Corporation officials said that under the mega city development mission, storm water drains would be built along interior roads in expanded areas.The extended areas of the Chennai Corporation were badly affected in the first few spells of rain brought by the northeast monsoon. More than 322 roads were damaged in Ambattur, the largest zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17659486", "title": "Blood donor made to wait for hours", "text": "SURAT: A donor who had turned up to donate a unit of blood was made to wait for four hours by the staff of state-run New Civil Hospital (NCH) here on Sunday. NCH authorities, however, said there was no delay.Arvind Modi, 72, a resident of Dharampur in Valsad district, is being treated for stomach ailment in NCH for last one month.He was operated upon and required blood, and his family members arranged for a donor.Pushpak Champawat of Sachin went to NCH to donate a unit of blood on Sunday.A relative of Modi alleged, \"There was no responsible doctor on duty on Sunday. This is the height of apathy.\"Dr Mahesh Wadel, dean NCH, said, \"There was no delay on the part of staff but people need to understand that when fresh platelets are to be given it takes at least four hours for the process. No where in Gujarat associate or assistant professors are on duty on Sundays. This was the job of a technician and he did it perfectly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17659165", "title": "Kovai gets makeover as President arrives for Air Force function", "text": "COIMBATORE: The arrival of President Pranab Mukherjee here on Monday to attend a function at Sulur Air Station seems to have inadvertently brought some cheer to residents. The visit has forced the district administration, Coimbatore municipal corporation, National Highways Authority of India and Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation to wake up from their slumber to address various civic issues, at least along the stretches the President is scheduled to travel.\"We have made all arrangements to ensure total protection for the President. We have organized a tight security cordon after consulting with members of National Security Guards in charge of the President's inner security ring,\" said T Senthilkumar, deputy commissioner of Police (Law and Order), Coimbatore city police.The city police has deployed 2,000 personnel on Avinashi Road, starting from the airport near SITRA to Circuit House, where the President is halting for the night. President Mukherjee arrived here in a special Indian Airforce Aircraft at 7.25 pm and was escorted to Circuit House. State governor K Rosaiah, city mayor SM Velusamy and corporation commissioner TK Ponnusamy were part of the official delegation to welcome the President at the airport. Traffic headed towards the city from SITRA was restricted on Avinashi Road till 7.50 pm to ensure safe passage for the Presidential convoy.\"Tight security has been arranged in and around the Circuit House till the President vacates the premises,\" Senthilkumar added.The President is expected to leave for Sulur Air Station by road from Circuit House through Trichy Road by 9.10 am on Tuesday. The national highways authorities have black topped the route and filled potholes to ensure the Presidential convoy has a smooth ride to the Air Force campus in Sulur. The city corporation has also deployed its conservancy workers along the entire Avinashi Road stretch and part of Trichy Road to ensure the road remains clean. The civic body has temporarily suspended underground drainage work on Trichy Road near Ramanathapuram in view of the visit. TANGEDCO officials will provide uninterrupted power supply to race course and Circuit House till the President leaves the city.Mukherjee will fly back to New Delhi in a special Indian Airforce Aircraft from Sulur Air station at 12.30 pm on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17657553", "title": "Man stabs estranged wife in Manipal Centre", "text": "BANGALORE: A man stabbed his estranged wife at her workplace in Manipal Centre, off Dickenson Road, on Monday afternoon.The woman survived though she suffered two stab wounds - one on her right shoulder and the other in her right thigh. Police sources said her condition is stable and she is out of danger.Rosemary, 42, worked as a security guard with a private security agency, Doberman Security Agency. She was posted at an Infosys facility on the IV floor of Manipal Centre.Rosemary is married to Logan alias Babu, 47, who works as a cab driver at a private company in the city. The couple has two daughters: 15 years and 18 years old.A chronic alcoholic, Logan suspected Rosemary's fidelity. He physically and mentally harassed his wife. The couple separated a year ago. Rosemary lived at Ashok Nagar with her two daughters, while Logan lived in a rented room in Vivek Nagar. However, Logan continued to harass Rosemary. He often turned up at her work place, demanded money and created a nuisance, a security guard told TOI.On Monday afternoon, Logan visited Rosemary's office and asked her to come down for a chat. He was allegedly drunk and was pestering her for some money. And Rosemary told the guards not to allow him in.\"After a while Rosemary came down. They were talking on the third floor. Suddenly Logan pulled out a knife and stabbed her,\" the guard said.As Rosemary collapsed in a pool of blood, Logan fled from the scene. Rosemary was immediately rushed to Bowring Hospital where she is recovering.Police sources described Rosemary's injuries as serious but said doctors have declared she is out of danger.Ulsoor police have registered an attempt to murder case against Logan and have launched a manhunt for him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17659365", "title": "Books on Swami Vivekananda in Konkani language soon", "text": "MANGALORE: Ramakrishna Mission, Mangalore unit, will release books on the life and teachings of Swami Vivekananda in Konkani language soon, said Swami Jitakamananda, president of Ramakrishna Mission on Monday.Talking to the reporters here he said that printing works of the books have already completed. \"Initially, we will distribute the books in schools in the region,\" he added.About 19,000 copies of these books were printed in Tulu earlier this year. \"All books printed in both the languages will cost less than Rs 10,\" the president said.To build confidence among youths and to propagate the principles of Swami Vivekananda the mission will organize a two-day 'All Karnataka State Youth Convention' at Sangahniketan in the city from December 22. \"This is the first such convention organized by the mission in Mangalore. This programme has been organized as part of 150th birth anniversary celebrations of Swami Vivekananda,\" he said.Close to 100 youths from different parts of the state have enrolled for the programme so far and more than 2,000 youths are expected to take part in the programme. Accommodation is free for all participants.In the cultural extravaganza to be held as part of the convention students of Alvas Education Foundation, will stage various dance and music shows.KH Muniyappa, Union minister of state for micro, small and medium enterprise will be the chief guest at the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "erode", "code": "17659153", "title": "Students petition collector demanding action against teachers", "text": "ERODE: Fifteen students of Government Boys Higher Secondary School in Sathyamangalam have discreetly taped clippings of corporal punishment administered to them by their headmaster and physical education teacher which they submitted to district revenue officer S Ganesan, at the collectorate on Monday. They demanded stern action against the duo. They showed their bodily injuries to the DRO and told him they would not continue their education if the accused continued working in the same school.\"We are here on behalf of 600 students who are regularly being subjected to different forms of cruelty. They must either be transferred or suspended from service,\" said N Prasanth, a student. The DRO assured proper action against the teachers if found guilty after investigation, and urged the students not to discontinue their studies.Talking to TOI later, the students said they were being ruthlessly beaten up by headmaster Samiyappan and physical education teacher Rajendran. Apart from the torture, they have initiated the collection of illegal fees for personal gain. Though education is free in government schools, they are forcing us to pay huge amounts and failure to pay would lead to another thrashing,'' said V Karthick, another student.The students also accuse the two teachers of roughing them up for petty offences. \"Students have to pay a monthly fee of Rs 400 to Samiyappan who also charges Rs 450 for evaluation of exam papers each quarter. Failure to pay invites a severe beating,\" said Parasanth.Students accuse the PE teacher of extortion saying that while he charged between Rs 170 and Rs 300 for each jersey, it allegedly costs less than Rs 100 in the market. A certificate on the school letterhead and seal costs between Rs 50 and Rs 100. While a late comer has to pay Rs 400, the students allege.The DRO patiently listened to all their complaints and told them the collector was not in town but when he returns to office he would certainly intervene on their behalf and resolve the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17657216", "title": "Golf Course Road to stay open both ways for now", "text": "GURGAON: Golf Course Road was opened to commuters in both directions following the intervention of the HUDA Administrator on Monday. Earlier it was announced that Golf Course Road would be made one-way for construction of six underpasses. However, till further announcement commuters will now be able to use the road in both directions.It was a manic Monday for officer-goers in Gurgaon when a road construction contractor, Infrastructure Leasing &amp; Financial Services Ltd (IL&FS;), blocked an important stretch of Golf Course Road between Arjun Marg gate and the traffic signal.The situation could have been equally bad in the peak evening hour, if the residents had not protested, forcing the HUDA administrator and DCP (traffic) to intervene and remove the barricades, restoring normalcy. In fact, the HUDA administrator accused the contract agency of not heeding his instructions. The road is a part of the large-scale 16-lane signal-free corridor project from Gateway Tower to Sector 56.According to residents, the contract agency blocked the road between Arjun Marg gate and the traffic signal from both sides and started digging. \"It was complete chaos in almost all the roads in Phase-I, including Faridabad Road, due to the unilateral, unplanned and callous attitude with which IL&FS; blocked the entire road,\" said R S Rathee, Gurgaon Citizens' Council.He pointed to mandatory procedures that need to be followed in such situations. \"They did not even bother to take technical approval from HUDA and that resulted in all interconnecting roads getting blocked as the commuters were unaware of the diversion and were forced to enter colony roads. Thousands of commuters could have avoided this harassment had there been prior information and adequate signage was installed,\" Rathee said.\"This kind of foolhardiness can take place only in Gurgaon. In other cities, however big the project might be, the constructing agency first makes slip roads and provides alternatives to commuters before blocking the entire main road. In this case, only the median is needed for construction purposes but the agency blocked the entire 78-metre road senselessly,\" he said.After learning about the ensuing chaos, the HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar, arrived at the spot and ordered the blockades removed. HUDA and DLF have signed an agreement to undertake this project and the contract for the construction has been awarded to IL&amp;FS.; \"A few days ago the contract agency came to seek my permission to block this stretch and I clearly told them not to do so. They said that the commuters would get used to it over a period of time, but I asked them why the commuters were being forced to get used to inconvenience. Even after I asked them not to do so, they mindlessly blocked it. Before removing the barricades I warned the agency not to block it again without providing a suitable alternative. I understand the dilemma faced by commuters because of this foolish act,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17659158", "title": "Civic officials get to work as President arrives", "text": "COIMBATORE: Call it the Prez effect. With President Pranab Mukherjee in town, civic officials are walking the extra mile to ensure that residents have uninterrupted power and roads dug up for maintenance are covered.City residents heaved a sigh of relief on Monday when the state electricity board obliged them with uninterrupted power supply. For months, Coimbatore, like most parts of Tamil Nadu barring Chennai, has been facing outages up to 16 hours. The gesture has been credited to the arrival of the President and the improvement in wind energy production.A Thangavelu, chief engineer, Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation, Coimbatore division, said power supply has been restored as there was enough power, thanks to wind power generation in the last two days. Uninterrupted power supply has been guaranteed in Race Course, Sulur, Airport and few other few areas until tomorrow since the President is in town. Thereafter, power would be supplied depending on the generation, said Thangavelu.K Kastoorirangian, president, Indian Wind Power Association, said TANGEDCO utilised all the power generated during the last two days. \"It is not usual to have strong wind during this period but in the last two days there is good wind. Windmills generated 1000 MW of power on Sunday and 1200 MW on Monday,\" he said. The windmills generated just about 600 MW last week.Officials of the Coimbatore Municipal Corporation and the National Highways Authority of India also woke up to the President's visit and in just about 48 hours filled up trenches dug up for laying underground drainage on Trichy Road. It was blacktopped and converted into shiny black surface to ensure a smooth passage for the President's convoy as he heads towards Sulur Air Station Tuesday morning. \"We have made all the necessary arrangements,\" said T K Ponnusamy, municipal commissioner.The city corporation had come under severe criticism for the snail-paced underground drainage work taken up under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JnNURM). It had a March 2012 deadline which got lapsed and has been now given an year's extension to complete the project.\"We wanted to ensure that there are no road blocks on Trichy Road,\" said an NHAI official.The city municipal corporation deployed a dedicated water tanker at the circuit house to ensure sufficient water during the President's stay. It also deployed conservancy workers to clean and sweep the roads, especially Avinashi Road and Trichy Road. Lime powder was sprinkled on both sides of the road leading to the circuit house, which according to health department officials would act as a disinfectant. Fogging was conducted in the area to keep mosquitoes under check. Similarly, potholes on Avinashi Road especially from SITRA to circuit house diversion have also been filled up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17658558", "title": "Senior citizen killed by stray bull", "text": "KANPUR: The menace of stray cattle claimed the life of a senior citizen in the city here on Monday.The incident occurred when 65-year-old Kallu, a resident of Tatiyana in Ramadevi, was sweeping the front portion of his house.A stray bull suddenly lifted him up with its horns and threw him on the ground. Kallu's abdomen was ripped open in the process and he was rendered unconscious.The victim's sons Sumer and Kanhaiyya reached the spot and rushed him to a nearby hospital where the doctors pronounced him dead-on-arrival. The body was later sent for post-mortem examination.While such incidents of stray animals like bulls, cows and oxen knocking down people are common in the city, the animals continue to roam about unchecked. The locals of the area said they had written to KMC authorities a number of times to curb stray cattle menace in the area. \"Such incidents are regular in the locality, but no one paid heed to the complaints,\" a local said.KMC authorities however cite the problems of being under-staffed, under-appreciated and under-financed as the reasons for not being able to do the needful.\"For a population of 50 lakh spread over 40 km, we have a staff of only 24 people. And people are not ready to understand how much pain we take in catching an animal, even risking our lives,\" lamented a KMC official. He said KMC has three cattle-catching vehicles to catch and shift stray animals from dense localities. The officials said the civic body does not have enough resources to catch stray cattle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17658200", "title": "Chennai drivers kill more than 1,000 but keep their licences", "text": "CHENNAI: The city has more deaths in traffic accidents than any other in the country. According to traffic police statistics, 1,390 people died in road accidents in Chennai so far this year. Delhi and Bangalore are a distant second and third, with Chennai recording 40% more deaths than either of the other metros.One possible reason that the situation is so bad that it induces mind-numbing despair is that motorists responsible for road accidents are almost always let off. The transport department did not cancel even one driving licence till September despite traffic police taking action against the culprits.A total of 218 driving licences were suspended at the behest of the traffic police's recommendations in fatal accidents, but none of the 140 motorists whose licences it recommended be cancelled by the department have been taken off the road.The department has, in the past three years, cancelled the licences of only two of the 478 motorists that the traffic police recommended action against.In the same period, only 12 motorists lost their licences for drunken driving though the traffic police sought action against 391 people. \"We cannot cancel licences suo motu. We so only after a court pronounces its final verdict in each case,\" a transport official said.With an explosion in the number of automobiles, and roads and infrastructure inadequate for so many vehicles, there has been a big spike in road accidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17658126", "title": "Ex-IB chief Sandhu to get key security post", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government on Monday appointed the outgoing Intelligence Bureau chief Nehchal Sandhu at a key position in the National Security Council Secretariat (NSCS) - an apex body looking into the country's overall strategic security concerns - for a three-year contract on re-employment.Sandhu, 1973-batch IPS officer of Bihar cadre, will initially join the NSCS as officer on special duty after his retirement as IB director on December 31. He will subsequently take the charge as deputy national security advisor and secretary, NSCS, after March 20, 2013.He will replace the current deputy NSA, Vijaya Latha Reddy, who will retire in March, 2013. Sandhu will join the NSCS in the rank and pay of secretary to the Indian government.The Appointments Committee of Cabinet (ACC), headed by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, cleared Sandhu's appointment two weeks before he demits his office. He will be only the second such retired IPS officer who will get three-year term on re-employment.At present, chairman of the Joint Intelligence Committee (JIC), Ajit Lal, is the only IPS officer who is serving on 'contract' through a re-employment process by virtue of the post being earmarked for three-year term.Lal, 1974 batch IPS officer of Himachal Pradesh cadre, was to retire on August 31. He, however, got an extension on 'contract' and would continue as JIC chairman till August, 2014. Such officer on contract continues to get fixed salary of Rs 80,000 per month, besides government accommodation and support staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17658556", "title": "Kesco employee jailed for bounced cheque", "text": "KANPUR: The special metropolitan magistrate first of Kanpur Nagar on Monday rejected the bail application of Kesco employee Anand Tiwari in a cheque bouncing case and sentenced him to jail.The case against Anand Tiwari was filed on the complaint of Ravi Sharma who had loaned Tiwari Rs 30,000, and the cheque issued by the accused to repay the same was not honoured by the bank. According to case file, the accused was evading his presence in the court and appeared only when the court directed the managing director of Kesco to not take Anand Tiwari on duty and stop the disbursement of his salary till further order.The accused appeared in the court on Monday and sought bail. His submission was strongly opposed by the complainant who alleged that Tiwari used to collect money from people under the pretext that he would deposit their electric bills as he was an employee. Thereafter, he used to misappropriate the money, the complainant alleged.The complainant also drew the attention of the court towards one another case 'Ram Pratap versus Anand Tiwari' in which the same charges had been leveled against the accused. The court file of that case revealed that the accused reached a compromise in the court, but thereafter did not comply with the same. In that case, attachment of property orders had already been ordered by the court.The judicial officer observed in his order that the accused appears to be a habitual offender and misappropriated money of consumers. Therefore, he was liable to be sent to jail.Legal literacy camp: Zila Vidhik Sewa Pradhikaran, Kanpur Dehat will organize a legal literacy camp at Tehsil Bilhour campus for residents of the area on December 21, 2012.According to civil judge Sanjeev Kumar Singh, the camp will be organized under the chairmanship of district judge and several judicial officials would be present to apprise the residents of tehsil about their legal rights. The camp will begin at 3 pm.Man found murdered: A 50-year-old man was found murdered in Parmat area under the Gwaltoli police station.The victim, Jagannath Nishad, a native of Gajoya Khera in Unnao was missing since Wednesday. Nishad was a farmer and used to owe a major portion of land in Gajiya Khera. On Wednesday, he had gone to his married daughter Rinki's place in Parmat in city. He went missing after that. The police have registered an FIR against three persons in this connection, informed SHO Gwaltoli Mohammad Ashraf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17658988", "title": "Man gets 10 years\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 rigorous imprisonment for raping 9-yr-old step granddaughter", "text": "MUMBAI: The unwavering testimony of a nine-year-old girl helped the prosecution secure a conviction against her 60-year-old step-grandfather, who was arrested on charges of raping her. Sessions judge P V Ganediwala on Monday sentenced Mankhurd resident Hari Ingle to 10 years' rigorous imprisonment and fined him Rs 10,000.The prosecution said the victim's mother had remarried and her first husband was the victim's biological father. When the victim was four, she married Ingle's son. Ingle lived in the house with his son, daughter-in-law and step-granddaughter, while his wife resided in a village in Buldhana district. The victim's father had a construction business and her mother worked in an STD booth. Both parents used to leave for work in the morning and the victim was in Ingle's care till their return.On January 6, 2012, Ingle, under the influence of alcohol, raped the victim when her parents were at work. He had locked her in a room, threatened her and told her not to reveal the incident to anybody. But when her mother returned, she broke down and confided in her. The woman in turn told her husband about it.A case was registered against Ingle with the Trombay police and he was arrested on January 8. Even though the child was taken to a hospital 15 days later, medical reports confirmed that she had been raped. A case was registered under Section 376 (rape) of the IPC and Ingle has been in jail since his arrest. Ingle said his family had falsely implicated him to usurp his property.Public prosecutor Neelima Kasture said the prosecution examined four witnesses: the victim, her mother, the doctor who confirmed rape and the investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17658262", "title": "Students must take part in adventure camp", "text": "INDORE: To make the upcoming adventure sports at Choral a hit and to attract youngsters, the Indore Tourism Promotion Council (ITPC) held a meeting with principals of school, colleges and officials of education department on Monday. They urge them to encourage students to participate in Adventure Sports Camp from January 24-29 at Choral. The secretary of ITPC M N Jamali said the institutions have been asked to encourage students for the adventure sports and submit a list of at least 10 students along with a teacher who will participate in the camp.He said the camp, this time, will have accommodation facility for 250 people per day. Various tour packages will be chalked out. Tender for the event will open on December 24 after which rates will be decided.Jamali said they are expecting a huge footfall out this time. Security personnel, home guards, rescue teams and divers will be stationed at Choral to deal with any unwanted situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "dombivli", "code": "17659111", "title": "Wedding ends in brawl over dowry demand", "text": "DOMBIVLI: A computer engineer employed with an MNC in Bandra-Kurla Complex was arrested for allegedly demanding dowry on his wedding day. His parents were also arrested.Praveen Bane (24) was supposed to tie the knot with Amruta Salunkhe (21) at Gyaneshwar Mangal Karyalay hall in Dombivli (W) on Sunday morning.Bane allegedly demanded Rs 2 lakh as dowry, which the bride's family refused to pay. This resulted in a heated argument which soon escalated into fisticuffs between the two sides. \"We were shocked when Praveen demanded Rs 2 lakh as dowry. I do not want my daughter to marry a greedy person,\" said Amruta's father Vijay.Praveen and Amruta, both of whom used to work in the same company, fell in love and decided to get married. Initially, Praveen's family opposed the alliance, but later agreed, said the police.Praveen's family and relatives have denied demanding the dowry. Said a relative, \"We reached the venue late and objected to one of the rituals. This angered members of the girl's family who beat up four of our relatives, including the groom. Praveen had to be administered four stitches on his head. But police did not register a case against Amruta's family.\"Senior inspector (Vishnu Nagar police) Rajendra Kulkarni said, \"On the basis of the complaint lodged by the girl's family, we have booked Praveen and his parents, Prakash and Chaya, under relevant sections of the Dowry Prohibition Act.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "rajgir (nalanda)", "code": "17656440", "title": "7-day Rajgir book fair from December 28", "text": "RAJGIR (NALANDA): Amid ongoing preparations for the three-day Rajgir festival to be opened by CM Nitish Kumar on December 28, Nalanda DM Sanjay Kumar Agrawal held a meeting with district officials and residents of Rajgir on Monday to seek their suggestions as to how to add more colour to make the festival memorable.Giving details of the programme, the DM said for the first time, a seven-day book fair will be organized on the occasion which will have books, educational CDs and different learning materials for the benefit of students and general readers.He said over 30 top national and state level publishers have consented to participate at the book fair.Besides the traditional tonga race, a horse race will also be held on the occasion. Mahila Utsav, an exclusive programme for women farmers and rural entrepreneurs, will also be held where products made by women will be displayed. The CM is expected to open an all-woman festival as well in which over 5,000 women are expected to take part. The DM added a number of companies engaged in producing agricultural implements and machines will also display their products on the occasion.He said some of the products will be sold at subsidized rates and the agriculture department will pay subsidy on the spot to encourage farmers to use better technology to get better yield and compete with progressive farmers of the district who have created records.The DM said noted Sufi singer and daughter of the legendry Ustad Vilayat Khan, Zila Khan, will perform on the inaugural day at the international convention centre which will also be opened by CM Nitish Kumar the same day.The 'Jay Ho' fame singer, Sukhwindar Singh, is expected to perform on the second day of the festival. Ritika Raj, the finalist of a popular TV show, is also expected to perform on the festival's closing day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17658267", "title": "Kappiri 'armada' takes to Kochi backwaters", "text": "KOCHI: On Tuesday, Kochi backwaters would see an 'armada' of three vessels. It would move from Aspinwall premises, the main venue of Kochi-Muziris Biennale, to the Calvathy canal dockyard, carrying with it the art work of Rigo 23, the Portuguese artist.Rigo's work has three parts: one, a figurative reference to the myth of Kappiri, the slave killed by the Portuguese before leaving Kerala. According to myths in West Kochi, the departed souls are believed to have been tasked with the duty of guarding the treasures of their masters hidden deep underground. The myth of Kappiri is an epilogue of sorts to the 165-year-long Portuguese saga of Kerala conquest that began in 1498.Rigo came to know about 'Kappiri', the story of the friendly ghost who has a cult status among West Kochi residents, during one of his visits to the city.The second figure in his work represents the story of Talappana Namboothiri, the high priest murdered by Vasco da Gama who removing his ears and replaced them with dog ears. The characters flank a large bamboo and coir rope tunnel which carries temple lights to honour the lives lost by encounter with the Portuguese. The third part consists of a sound installation of voices.Rigo 23 will continue to work on the project until the end of December. He will then suspend the sculptures from the roof of the boat dockyard. The three large sculptures will face the harbour where Vasco da Gama landed, forming the 'Kochi Tower', a twin of Belem Tower, the fortified tower built in the 16th century to defend Lisbon from sea attacks.The partially-completed work will be loaded onto a fishing boat on Tuesday morning and carried to the abandoned boat dockyard. According to Rigo, his work is about retaining memories and preserving stories of people from the time of Vasco da Gama.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17657372", "title": "Memorial can be built near Cantonment", "text": "NEW DELHI: We take pride in our armed forces and whether the National War Memorial (NWM) should be built or not is not what this entire controversy is all about. It is about where it should be built. The defence minister seems to have set his heart on India Gate while the chief minister is desperately trying to protect the greens as a public place.Is there any need for the memorial, which should get its due place in the capital, to be built in a manner that would be in conflict with the magnificent heritage of the Central Vista?Over two decades ago, the ministry of urban development and DDA had identified a piece of land near the Dhaula Kuan Jheel, located just off the Dhaula Kuan junction of Outer Ring Road and NH-8, adjacent to the Cantonment, R &amp; R Hospital and the Subroto Park Air Force station. It was allotted to the ministry of defence. This 32-acre land parcel has the Cantonment on one side and the city on the other. It is easily accessible from both Outer Ring Road and now the Dhaula Kuan Metro station. Adjacent to it is a small natural lake.This would be an ideal location for the war memorial since it is just a kilometre or so from the Diplomatic Enclave area, on the main road and rail spine of the city and near the Cantonment. It is also large enough to accommodate an iconic memorial structure as well as a befitting museum to go with it.The ministry of defence's insistence on using the India Gate park and Central Vista goes against all principles of urban planning, redevelopment and renewal for the following reasons:Firstly, the superimposition of another memorial over India Gate, which itself is a memorial at the eastern focal point of Lutyen's Rajpath Vista, will adversely affect its position and stature. India Gate's height and magnificence give it prominence on the Vista but without interrupting the Vista. One of the primary reasons for creation of Lutyens Bungalow Zone - with its attendant restrictive regulations and the Central Vista Committee to oversee any development in the area - was to ensure that this one-of-its-kind urban vista is conserved in consonance with the original intent and vision.Secondly, this green lung is one of the few open public spaces left in the city, the others being Lodhi Gardens and the Chanakyapuri Vista. It has over the decades become the natural green lung for the old city, a place where families seek refuge after escaping from their congested habitat. If the war memorial were to be allowed here, the fauji could shoo away the common man from the place.A few years ago a committee of high-ranking officials of the ministry of urban development and professionals (who had been tasked with examining this location for the proposed National War Memorial) was rudely asked by defence personnel at Amar Jawan Jyoti to leave the area since a senior naval officer was coming to visit the place. They protested in vain. The common man will not even raise his voice.Thirdly, the track record of the ministry of defence on vacating lands which had been only temporarily given to them is dismal. Two of the 10 plots meant for princely palaces during World War II, allowed to the MOD for building barracks to house British and US soldiers and pilots -now Princes Park and Raksha Bhawan facing the Vista, besides several others in the capital, have not been vacated till now. The Master Plan of Delhi - since it came into force in 1962 - designated these plots for PSP (public and semi-public) or green. Other examples are Race Course and the Santushti complex.A national war memorial deserves to be iconic and, therefore, should command a large enough space to express its magnificence and glory. Attempting to create it at India Gate would mean that it will be always overshadowed by the magnificence of the former. The Dhaula Kuan Jheel land parcel is conveniently located and accessible and will allow unrestrained creativity in its design. Its proximity to Delhi Cantonment shall help in organizing all military ceremonies which come as part and parcel of such a memorial.The solution to this seemingly vexatious issue is rather simple. The ministry should understand that Central Vista Park belongs to the aam aadmi and take a relook at the Dhaula Kuan Jheel plot.( Sudhir Vohra is a prominent architect and urban planner)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17659565", "title": "Did ICAR try to protect seniors?", "text": "Though the Sopory committee report is apparently very fair and extensive and has pointed out lacunae at each level, there are many facts that have not come in the report.It is really surprising that scientists involved in the project, who had been working in the ICAR for a long time, could continue to work irresponsibly and the administration too could overlooked a lot of serious lapses.ICAR authorities seem to have been also protecting some of its seniors. The council's former deputy director general of crop sciences, P L Gautam was aware of the MON531 gene in the BN Bt but he ignored the information and gave a nod for commercialization. After leaving as DDG, he worked as the chairman of the Protection of Plant Varieties and Farmers Authority (PPV&FRA;) and chairman of Biodiversity Authority of India. ICAR sources say that the council waited for his retirement until December 12 and put the report on the website the next day.Sources say that NRCPB was given the council's institute award for developing the NRCPB construct and leading the BN Bt development. Also B M Khadi was brought to Nagpur as CICR director as a reward for development of an indigenous Bt cotton variety.But these very sources also say that Ananda Kumar who was aiming at a much higher post in the ICAR has already been punished indirectly as he has not been allowed to continue as the director before the report was made public.Experts are questioning the very working of the ICAR. \"How were scientists with no expertise in a particular field given work of such national importance, putting the credibility of entire ICAR on stake? This can happen only in India where scientists can work without following the basic international norms of doing science,\" said a senior retired ICAR scientist.\"In this specific case, the findings of the report have come as a setback to ICAR scientists, but truly speaking, it has put a question on the credibility and integrity of entire scientific community of India as Indian scientists will always be under cloud of doubt internationally,\" said a non ICAR scientist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "shirva (udupi district)", "code": "17658844", "title": "Jacintha\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s family keeps media at bay", "text": "SHIRVA (UDUPI DISTRICT): A notice stuck on the door of Benedict Barboza's house told its own story. \"Videography and photography not allowed. Please do not use your phone camera.\" It was a clear indication to all concerned that the family of Jacintha Saldanha wanted to protect her privacy.Policemen at the entrance to a small narrow mud road that led to Ben's house requested media not to take their cameras as the family had requested them not to allow any photographers near their house. Media were allowed free access only to the house where they held prayers. Incidentally, this was the place where well-wishers and friends were allowed in for one final glimpse of Jacintha.The house received a constant stream of visitors right from the time the body was brought there from Manipal till the time it was taken to the Our Lady of Health Church at Shirva for the final rites. Policemen were put on duty outside the house as a precautionary measure. Family members and friends in the house prayed for Jacintha even as a candle placed with her photo on a stool burnt brightly.Franky D'Souza's Sun Shine Band cranked up soulful 'Konkani Kanthars' hymn from time to time even as family members recited prayers in Konkani praying for Jacintha. Ben and his children Junal and Lisha held each other in a tight embrace as they had one final look of Jacintha before the casket lid that bore a metal engraved plate with words 'Royal Nurse Jacintha Saldanha Died 7th December, 2012, aged 46 years, RIP' was closed forever.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17661218", "title": "Many in Pakistan want peaceful relation with India", "text": "Using the Pakistani minister's comments as an excuse for targeting the Indo-Pak cricket series is an example of populism being allowed to override a considered response. The fact is that there is more than one voice within Pakistani society when it comes to dealing with India. There are many in that country who would genuinely like to build a peaceful relationship. The more people-to-people contacts we have, the more these voices will gain strength. The more we scupper such connections, the more we stifle these voices of reason and sanity and strengthen the hands of the more extreme elements in Pakistani society, hostile to India. The pacifists in Pakistan are fighting a hard enough battle against their extremists, let's not make it any harder for them.Related article: Scrap Pak cricket series, demands BJP", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17658555", "title": "'Seven-star' science meet in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: The city will see a glittering congregation of Nobel laureates at the 100th Indian National Science Congress that begins on January 3. Being hosted by the Calcutta University, it will have seven Nobel winners taking part. Kolkata's science community couldn't recall a bigger gathering of winners of the world's most prestigious award in the city. While six of them have already confirmed their participation, one is expected to send in consent by next week.Leading the pack of Nobel winners will be UK-based Scottish economist James Mirrlees. Emeritus professor of political economy at the University of Cambridge , and a fellow of Trinity College , Mirrlees is also a visiting teacher at the University of Melbourne. He is currently professor-at-large of The Chinese University of Hong Kong. Mirrlees was the co-winner of the economics Nobel in 1996 for \"fundamental contributions to the economic theory of incentives under asymmetric information\".Taiwanese-American chemist Yuan T Lee, the first Taiwanese Nobel laureate, will also attend the meet. He won the Nobel in 1986 along with Hungarian-Canadian chemist John C Polanyi and American Dudley R Herscbach \"for their contributions to the dynamics of chemical elementary processes\". Seventy-six-year-old Lee is an advocate of Taiwanese independence and had played an active role in the presidential elections of 2000. He is also one of the few leading scientists who have joined an active campaign against global warming. It was far more serious than what was being acknowledged, Lee had said in 2010.American physicist Samuel CC Ting, Nobel winner for the discovery of an atomic particle in 1976, will join the meet as well. In 1963, he worked at the European Organization for Nuclear Research, which would later become CERN. He has taught at the Columbia University and worked at the DESY in Germany. He has also been a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).Japanese chemist Ei-Ichi Negishi, Nobel winner in 2010, will also be a part of the congress. Negishi has spent the better part of his career at Purdue University , USA, and was awarded the Nobel for \"palladium catalyzed cross-couplings in organic synthesis\".\"This is perhaps the biggest congregation of Nobel laureates in Kolkata in recent years. Around 10,000 scientists from India and abroad will take part in it, making this the biggest science meet in the country. At least 16 fellows from the Royal Academy of UK will join the Science Congress. Representatives from eight prestigious science academies around the world will be here,\" said Dhrubajyoti Chattopadhyay, pro vice-chancellor of Calcutta University.Among other scientists who are scheduled to take part is mathematician Raghu Varadhan of New York University. Winner of the National Medal of Science awarded by the US government , Varadhan has confirmed his participation. \"We are proud to have him for the meet. The national medal of science is akin to the Nobel for mathematics,\" said Shibaji Raha, director of Bose Institute, who is involved in organizing the congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17659120", "title": "Load factor: Flights skip Karipur", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The vital domestic air connectivity from Kozhikode to key cities across the country has been severely hit with various airlines pulling out from the routes citing profitability and operational bottlenecks.The lack of enough flights in the domestic sector has hit the business and could blight the Information Technology ambitions of the city.Airline industry sources said it is the low load factor in the domestic routes that has made many schedules from Karipur unviable.\"Deploying wide-bodied aircrafts on domestic routes is not viable due to the decreased load factor. The economics of the domestic sector demands both the right kind of aircraft and the right kind of fare. However, people have not been that eager to lap up the seats if the fares reflect our actual costs,\" a senior airline official said.SpiceJet, which launched direct flights to four state capitals from Karipur in April, has discontinued flights to three cities, the latest casualty being the Karipur- Mumbai flight which was withdrawn earlier this month.The airline had also withdrawn the direct flights to Bangalore and Thiruvananthapuram and is now operating only in the Chennai and Hyderabad routes.The national carrier, Air India and its subsidiaries have also pulled out from many domestic sector flights from Karipur. Among the casualties are the daily AI flight to Chennai and the daily ATR service to Thiruvananthapuram and Agathi routes which has been operational till June 2012.Despite Kozhikode emerging as one of the fastest growing tier-III cities in the country, the domestic aviation sector has not been able to keep pace.Industry sources say the business sector has already been hit by lack of air connectivity and the city's ambitious IT sector goals, which has two mega IT parks under construction, will not take off if it fails to sort out the issue.Sources said many of the services flown by Air India and Air India Express (AIE) on the domestic routes are flown for just operational reasons and without taking into account the profitability in the route. This would include the three AIE flights per week to Mumbai and one weekly flight to Thiruvananthapuram.But the city's business sector feels that the airlines should have given time for the market to stabilize before pulling out the flights prematurely.\"The efficiency of doing business in the city will be hit if there is no air connectivity. The airlines would have launched the domestic schedules after finding that there is a market. Then obviously the issue would be the pricing or the timing of flights that is responsible for the load factor. The airlines should give time for the market to mature before pulling out,\" said Malabar Chamber of Commerce president Alok Kumar Saboo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17659301", "title": "Will meters on taxis put an end to exorbitant rates charged by some taxi drivers?", "text": "I'd like to believe they would. My experience of travelling in Mumbai leads me to think along these lines. Since it has worked there, I don't see any reason why it shouldn't do so in Goa. Then again any idea can be realized only if it is implemented properly. More than having rules, it is important that they be followed or else making a new one itself is futile. However, having said that, I don't see any reason why we shouldn't give this (metres on taxis) a try since we have an example to go by and there are many people who do complain about the unusually high costs of commuting by taxis.Nafisa Olivera Student, MargaoIn Goa taxi drivers get very few customers unlike in cities like Mumbai, Pune, etc. Here a taxi driver has to wait for long hours for a customer. As such it is not advisable to run taxis by charging on such meters. If the meter rates are charged, then the meters should be adjusted in such a way that the taxi business becomes profitable for the driver and owner of the vehicle.Deelip Babi Popkar Taxi driver, BicholimThe metering of taxi and auto rickshaw fares is long overdue. This is an issue that is mainly faced in South Goa. Taxi drivers do not know how tourism system works. They harass agents. The fare system will be effective only if the government ensures proper implementation. So far governments have been playing hide and seek with this issue making Goa the only state to run taxis and autos without the metre system.Savio Pinto Tour operator, VernaMeters on taxis may not put an end to exorbitant rates charged by drivers. If government seriously wants to put an end to exorbitant rates, it should stop people from plying their cars as taxis illegally. Most of the time the illegal taxis plying at tourist spots are found charging exorbitant rates and government must act against them first.Krishna Naik Taxi driver, Ponda", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17659269", "title": "Parrikar to urge PM to resume legal mining", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Monday said he will urge Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to initiate the process to restart legal mining in Goa and to file an affidavit in the Supreme Court for the same purpose.Briefing the media at his official Altinho residence, Parrikar said he is scheduled to meet the prime minister at a meeting of the national development council on December 27. The chief minister's assurance comes on the eve of a massive rally planned in Panaji by mining-affected people.Parrikar said he will urge the prime minister to expedite the process of verifying the environmental clearances to Goa's mines so that legal mining can resume in the state at the earliest. Parrikar said the central government can start the process to segregate the mines; those which are legal can be cleared for resumption, those which are in the grey area can be referred to the wildlife board or other competent authority and those which are found to be illegal, may wait till the Supreme Court verdict.The chief minister also said that the government is now working on the affidavit which will be filed in the Supreme Court in the first week of January just before the hearing on the Goa mining matter comes up. Parrikar said the affidavit will stress that the mining mess in Goa was not created by his government, but by the previous government. The affidavit will also stress over the fact that whether to start or stop the mines is the right of the state government, who should be allowed to decide on the matter.Parrikar said the mines cannot be kept closed indefinitely. Asked if it was because lack of mining revenue was pinching the economy , Parrikar said it was because about \"25,000 to 30,000 people are in a soup\" because of the stop in mining. \"I am accountable for that. I was elected to ensure their security; their mental security, food security and their right to livelihood subject to rules being followed,\" Parrikar said.His government will contribute to the speedy resumption of legal mining in Goa by starting scrutiny of documents submitted by the mining companies from December 18 onwards. Parrikar said his government will verify the documents and decide which mines are legal, which are in the grey (doubtful) area and which are illegal. This scrutiny will be completed within a maximum of 45 days, Parrikar said, adding that it is possible that 60% mines in Goa are legal.The chief minister also objected to the report of the central empowered committee (CEC) saying it did not contain all the facts and that \"it might not be neutral\" because the CEC was taking the appellant (Goa Foundation) along with them in Goa \"all the time\". tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17658443", "title": "Was luckless Rajiv Gaur a victim of Railway apathy?", "text": "BHOPAL: Was the executive president of Jaypee Power Venture Ltd , Rajiv Gaur, a victim of ill-luck and railway's apathy, as he fell to his death from a running train on Sunday morning? While there's no doubt that he took a huge chance clambering on to the footboard of a locked coach, the railway authorities too failed to react in time after being told that a passenger was stuck on the footboard.Gaur was to board the train from Bina, said senior divisional commissioner (security) of West Central railways, AK Agnihotri, in a report filed after the incident. However, he attempted to board it from Mandi Bamora. He had a reserved berth (number 7) in AC II coach, but could not identify his coach and tried to get the doors of the spare AC III coaches opened.Gaur then asked his security officer Ramcharan Gurjar to go on to the other side of the platform, and get the doors opened. However, the door on the other side was locked as well. By the time Gurjar returned, the train had moved with Gaur clinging on.Gurjar immediately alerted the assistant station master (ASM) Arvind Sahu, who, instead of calling the driver to stop the train, passed the information to the deputy station master of the next station, Kulhar. There being no satisfactory answer from ASM Sahu about his failure to react, he was suspended for \"insensitivity\". The West Central Railways held Gaur \"responsible\" for the \"unfortunate incident\" after a \"risky step\" taken by him in \"haste\". Gaur lived in Asagot, 40 km from Bina.\"He must have been in pain while clutching on to the door. As Gaur fell on the right side of his body, his right arm was found fractured,\" said Sagar IG Pankaj Shrivastava.Gaur also had a sling bag over his shoulder, while he was trying to open the door. It was found near the body near Kulhar railway station ahead of Mandi Bamora with some papers and a computer tablet. Mandi Bamora is a small station between Bina and Vidisha on Delhi-Bhopal route. According to railway sources, trains change tracks frequently on this route which causes them to wobble.The last rites of Gaur were performed in his ancestral village near Bulandshahr in Uttar Pradesh on Monday afternoon.Jaypee honcho Rajiv Gaur had a weak right hand: CopsThe right arm of Rajiv Gaur, executive president of Jai Prakash Power Ventures Limited, part of Rs 20,000 crore Jaypee Group, with which he was holding on to the door of an AC III coach of the speeding Southern Express before he fell off and died, was weak and had a metal plate fixed after a surgery sometimes ago. He had fallen within 9 minutes of the train having left Mandi Bamora station in Vidisha district on Sunday morning.Gaur, 47, was the son of the elder brother of J P Gaur, the founder of the group. Ever since the work of the power station had started at Agasot, he was living in Bina, 40 km away from the plant site. On the fateful day he decided to catch the train from Mandi Bamora, 40 km from Bina, to Bhopal.Meanwhile, the West Central Railways has held Gaur \"responsible\" for the \"unfortunate incident\" that took place after a \"risky step\" taken by him in \"haste\".\"He must be in pain while clutching on to the door. The post mortem revealed that the plate was also slightly dented. And as Gaur fell down from the train on the right side of his body, his right arm was found fractured\", said Sagar district Inspector General of Police (IGP) Pankaj Shrivastava while talking to the TOI.A small carry bag was also slung over his shoulder while he was trying to get the door of the train open. The bag was found near the body near Kulhar railway station ahead of Mandi Bamora. The bag carried some papers and a tablet computer.Gaur was scheduled to board the train from Bina, said senior divisional commissioner (security) of West Central railways, AK Agnihotri, in a report filed after the incident. However, he attempted to board it from Mandi Bamora.According to his report, berth number 7 of the AC II coach was reserved for him. But he failed to identify his coach and tried to get the doors of the spare AC III coaches opened. He had asked his PSO Ramcharan Gurjar to go on the other side of the platform - the off side- and get the doors of the coach opened. However, the door on the other side of the compartment was also found locked. By the time the PSO returned from the other side of the platform, the train had moved with Gaur clinging to the door.Gurjar immediately reported the matter to the assistant station master (ASM) Arvind Sahu, who in turn reported the matter to the deputy station master of the next station - Kulhar. The ASM was suspended for being \"insensitive\".Mandi Bamora is a small railway station between Bina junction and Vidisha on Delhi- Bhopal route. According to railway sources, trains change tracks frequently on the route where the incident took place resulting into wobbling.With a weak right arm, a bag slinging over his shoulder, speed of the train and the air pressure must have led to his fall from the foot board of the train, GRP officials holding investigations said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17658535", "title": "Chill to return today, says Met", "text": "KOLKATA: Those who have been grumbling about the missing chill can chill out now. With the high pressure belt that was acting as the spoilsport finally withdrawing from the Bay of Bengal, the Met office forecasts chilly days ahead.In fact, the mercury will start dropping from Tuesday onwards. And the following days will see the gush of northerly winds sweeping across the region, adding to the cool factor.The high pressure belt had developed over the Bay of Bengal around nine days ago. It brought in a lot of moisture in the air, pushing up the mercury. For the whole of last week, it refused to budge, blocking the normal course of winter. Adding to the weather woes was a trough of low pressure in neighbouring Bihar. Though it had triggered rain across the city and its fringes, it had also left the city cloudy and foggy, arresting the drop in the mercury.\"The high pressure belt over Bay of Bengal has finally weakened and the impact of the low pressure trough has vanished, too. So, the decks have been cleared for the mercury to drop once again. Adding to the winter momentum will be the chilly wind from the northern region. Therefore, cold days are ahead,\" said GC Debnath, director of the Regional Meteorological Centre, Kolkata.The lowest temperature recorded so far this winter was on December 7 when it had climbed down to 13.9\u00c2\u00b0C. But it started climbing up gradually to reach 20.9\u00c2\u00b0 C on Friday night which was six degrees above normal. Monday's minimum was recorded at 16.6\u00c2\u00b0C, three degrees above normal, while the maximum temperature was 25.6\u00c2\u00b0C, a degree below normal.But now the mercury is set to drop once again. According to the Met office, the night temperature will hover around the normal mark for the next two days. Then, it will start falling again to reach around 13\u00c2\u00b0C. Along with that, the day temperature is also expected to drop to below the normal mark by about two degrees once the cold wind from the snow-laden Himachal Pradesh and Jammu and Kashmir flows in.\"I had started enjoying the weather two weeks back. I had even pulled my woolens and jackets out of the closet. But then, the temperature started rising again. I hope the Met office's prediction comes true and the chill returns soon,\" said college student Piyali Das of Beckbagan.So, get ready to welcome the winter chill back. Pull out your woolies, enjoy a walk in the sun, go picnicking and make the most of winter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17659156", "title": "2 held for idol theft in temple near Annur", "text": "COIMBATORE: The rural police have recovered five Panchaloha idols and arrested two persons including a temple priest on Monday.The accused have been identified as D Prabhakaran, 23 of Athupollachi near Anaimalai and G Mathiyazhagan, 29 of Kuppepalayam village near Annur. Police said Prabhakaran was a priest at an Amman Temple in Kurukkilipalayam near Annur. He received Rs 2,500 as monthly salary for performing poojas and resided in a rented house at the same village. Mathiyazhagan was a supervisor in a textile mill at Ganeshapuram. Recently, the duo met at a bakery in Ganeshapuram and Mathiyazhagan asked Prabhakaran to steal the panchaloha idols from the Karivaradaraja Perumal temple. The duo had planned to sell the idols.A week ago, they had gone to the temple and attempted to steal the idols, but they were unsuccessful. On Saturday night, the duo broke open the door of the 150-year-old Karivaradaraja Perumal temple and stole the idols of the principal deities including Sridevi , Bhudevi, Karivaradaraja Perumal, Swami Perumal with 'Prabhavali' and Sakkarathalvar. The idols of Swami Perumal and Sakkarathalvar are 100-years-old. The missing idols are estimated to be worth Rs 12 lakh. The Annur police inspector VSS Ananda Arockiaraj registered a case against unidentified persons under sections 380 (theft) and 457 (lurking house trespass or house breaking by night in order to commit offence punishable with imprisonment) of Indian Penal Code.The inspector and his team rushed to the temple and held inquiries with the villagers based on which they were able to indentify the duo. The police arrested the duo on Monday and recovered the idols from them.\"They tried to sell the stolen idols. But we managed to nab them before they could. They have been lodged in Coimbatore central prison,\" said inspector Ananda Arockiaraj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17658509", "title": "Authors signing e-book deals will kill bookstores: Archer", "text": "KOLKATA: Best-selling fiction writer Jeffrey Archer wants to continue his novels and short stories published in the conventional book format, but fears there won't be many bookstores around to sell them if online major Amazon ties up with manufacturers of electronic reading devices like Kindle and negotiates directly with authors to purchase copyrights for books.\"At present, e-book formats of the titles are available on Kindle and authors get paid just like he would if a book were being published. But in the next four-five years, that will change completely. I think Kindle and Amazon will sign deals directly with authors, purchase the rights and publish the books only electronically. If one wishes to read it, one will need an e-reader like Kindle. That will deal a death blow to bookstores in places like India where conventional books are still very popular,\" Archer said at an interaction with members of the Indian Chambers of Commerce Ladies Study Group on Monday afternoon.Archer's fears are not unfounded. Already, bookstores have disappeared from most cities in the US. In London , too, bookstores are downing shutters at an alarming rate. Though bookstore chains have expanded in Kolkata in the past decade, if popular authors shift to e-books, the next decade will be tough for these stores to survive.While Archer does not want to enter such exclusive deals, having minted enough money as an author to not just ensure a comfortable life for his sons but also his grandchildren, he is pragmatic enough to accept that e-books are a reality. \"You and I may like to hold and touch a book, but not the future generation. They are already doing e-reading. That will ultimately kill the bookstores and that is sad,\" he said.If novels switch to e-format, Archer fears losing many readers in developing countries like India that have a digital divide. Also, unlike gadgets like Kindle that are personal devices, sharing will stop if books cease to be published in the conventional format. \"If a person buys a book in the UK or the US, around two persons get to read it. In India, 10 to 12 people read a book. That culture of sharing a book will be gone,\" he sighed.With books and reading habits on the decline globally, Archer is hoping the next generation will catch up on some of his earlier titles when the novels are turned into films. Doug Liman , the director of 'The Bourne Identity' based on Robert Ludlum's thriller by the same name, is likely to direct the film based on Archer's 2009 novel 'Paths of Glory' with Damian Lewis in the lead role. Broadcasting major CBS is making a pilot on Archer's 1998 novel 'The Eleventh Commandment'. Sony Pictures is taking a long hard look at 'Kane and Abel'.\"'Not A Penny More, Not A Penny Less', 'Kane and Abel' and 'First Among Equals' were turned into television series but they did moderately. I am hoping the films will do as well as my books have done,\" he said.Incidentally, Archer does not read any book for the first three months in the year when he writes the first draft of a book. He will be off books from January when he begins on book four of the five-part Clifton Chronicles. \"The only reading I do when I am writing the first draft is for research. For instance, Harry and Emma's son Sebastian will end up as a banker. Hence, I am reading a lot on banking in mid-20th century England,\" he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17657463", "title": "Goel goes on leave, Siddaiah takes charge of BBMP", "text": "BANGALORE: Deputy chief minister and Bangalore incharge R Ashoka finally got his way: though ruling BJP MLAs in the city opposed his comeback, Siddaiah was on Monday posted BBMP commissioner.The posting comes in the wake of incumbent Rajneesh Goel going on two weeks' leave and the garbage crisis getting murkier by the day. However, to keep BJP city MLAs happy, the government gave Siddaiah additional charge of heading the BBMP, while he continues to be principal secretary of the higher education department.Rajneesh Goel was not particularly popular with the corporators. It may be recalled that they had demanded his transfer, claiming he had failed to find a solution to the garbage issue, and alleged that he had not cleared pending ward works. Goel joined BBMP as commissioner on August 28, 2012.Goel was unavailable for comment.Preferring to keep his posting a low-profile affair, Siddaiah said he was only given additional charge. \"It's not a transfer. I've been given additional charge as BBMP commissioner as Rajneesh Goel is on medical leave for 15 days.\"The move to post Siddaiah back to BBMP is said to have taken place on Saturday, during chief minister Jagadish Shettar's meeting with Ashoka, health minister Aravind Limbavali and other officials. Faced with criticism from all the sides, Ashoka feels Siddaiah would do better in finding a solution to the garbage crisis.Siddaiah was shunted out from BBMP when he unearthed the alleged Rs 1,539-crore fake bill scam for civic works in Rajarajeshwari Nagar, Gandhi Nagar and Malleswaram sub-divisions between 2008 and 2010.As per a TVCC report, the investigation should have been referred to the Lokayukta, and Siddaiah had sought the urban development department's permission for it.He is not so popular among the MLAs as he purportedly does not give them enough respect. When there was a persistent demand from the MLAs to move him out, Ashoka stood strongly behind Siddaiah and saw to it that he continued in the post for a long time. This resulted in some MLAs leaving Ashoka's camp and identifying with former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa. Finally, the government bowed to pressure from the MLAs and transferred Siddaiah.Over five months ago, attempts were made to transfer Siddaiah back to the BBMP. \"I had spoken to Siddaiah about his return to BBMP, as I was not too happy with the functioning of the then commissioner,\" said mayor D Venkateshmurthy.Asked about the sudden change of guard, he declined to comment. \"I don't know whether it's right or wrong. As per the KMC Act, the state government should consult the mayor with regard to the transfer of the BBMP commissioner and also when the chief goes on leave. I am the 46th mayor of Bangalore and so far, no mayor has been consulted in such cases. I'm told that Goel is on leave, and will be back,\" said Venkateshmurthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "17659399", "title": "Study: Village in Kerala tops in Hepatitis-B cases", "text": "MANIPAL: In a study conducted by Manipal Centre for Virus Research (MCVR) recently at Ooramana village of Ernakulam district in Kerala, 348 Hepatitis-B patients have been identified. This is the highest Hepatitis-B incidences in the country this year.The study was carried out after he district medical officer of of Eranakulam requested MCVR to identify the sources and mode of transmission of the disease on October 3.The MCVR team submitted their report on December 15 after conducting a detailed study in the village from October 22 to 30 and from November 12 to 19.G Arun Kumar, head of MCVR, said of the 2017 people that they surveyed, 348 are affected by Hepatitis-B virus. According to World Health Organization, about seven per cent of Indian population is living with the virus and Ooramana village accounts for 17 per cent of the Hepatitis-B cases reported in the country.He said that the team has noticed high-level horizontal transmission (from patients to others outside the family) of the virus in the village. \"Usually the virus transmits vertically- from a patient to one of the family members living in the same house. Apart from infected syringes, the other main source of the virus include four barbershops situated in and around the village,\" he said.The study was by Indian Council of Medical Research, department of health research, ministry of health and family welfare, government of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17657433", "title": "Osmania University professor assaulted by students", "text": "HYDERABAD: A professor of mass communication and journalism department of the Osmania University was allegedly beaten up by a group of students on Monday as the former refused to clear the name of a student in the ongoing PhD admissions. The incident occurred in the vice-chancellor's chamber.Enraged over the assault, the Osmania University Teacher's Association (OUTA) has decided to take out a protest rally on Tuesday from Arts College to the VC's office demanding action against the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17658488", "title": "Two CBSE schools run risk of losing affiliation", "text": "BHOPAL: Two CBSE schools stand to lose their affiliation after they failed to submit details of the vehicles plying their students past the deadline given by the government. The divisional commissioner on Monday instructed the directorate of public instructions (DPI) of the school education department to take action against the schools.Theodosian School and Mount Carmel Convent School stand to lose their no-objection certificate (NOC) and also their affiliation to the CBSE.Joint director Bhopal division, public instructions, P R Tiwari said, \"Even after issuing notices to the schools, seven prominent schools of the city did not reply giving information about their vehicles including school buses and vans.After this till Friday, five of the schools informed the DPI about their vehicles which is close to 200 school vans.The two schools stand to lose their NOC for which action will be taken soon.\"\"A copy of the same will be provided to the CBSE as well to cancel their affiliation,\" he added.On Monday, five of the school principals were called for a meeting with the divisional commissioner and to explain why they didn't reply to the notices.Deputy commissioner Urmila Shukla told TOI, \"Five school representatives gave information of 200 school vans to the divisional commissioner.They cited late responses to the notices as not owning the vehicles and maintaining them. The schools said that after getting the notices they spoke to the students and their parents and collated the information.\"P R Tiwari also informed that after issuing notices to 60 schools in September, 58 of them have replied till date. \"The 58 schools have about 1137 school vans. The data would be collated within two days and the list would be sent to the regional transport officer (RTO) for initiating action against the same,\" he said.In the on-going action being taken against the school van owners, 20 school vans were issued notices for registration suspension on Tuesday.In the last four days, 95 school vans have been issued notices for taking permit of their vehicles and also for ensuring the fitness within seven days, informed RTO M L Soni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17657977", "title": "Sainiks dig at Shivaji Park to screen off memorial from public", "text": "MUMBAI: After midnight on Monday, members of the Shiv Sena started digging around the controversial makeshift memorial they have built to their deceased party chief Bal Thackeray at Shivaji Park. Sena functionaries at the site said the digging was the first step in their plan to relocate the memorial. However, it was unclear to where they would shift the memorial, because a section of Sena leaders want it shifted within the park, while the Democratic Front (DF) government is adamant that no more construction will be allowed on the ground. The digging was done so that bamboo poles could be erected around the memorial. Cloth was being attached to the poles at the time of going to the press. This was done so that the makeshift memorial, built at the site where Thackeray was cremated on November 18, could be screened off from the public. Sainiks told TOI that they didn't want the media to get images of the activity while they were relocating the memorial. \"We do not want to allow the memorial to be viewed openly while we are dismantling the temporary structure, as it is sacred to us,\" said a Sena member.Sources said that after the makeshift memorial was screened off, the process to shift, the process to shift the structure would begin. However, it was not clear to where the memorial would be shifted. Sources at Shivaji Park said the Sena was not planning to simply dismantle the structure, but dismantle and shift it.Earlier on Monday, a mood of uncertainty had reigned at Shivaji Park as contradictory statements emerged from the Sena over the removal of the makeshift memorial, which has become a bone of contention between the saffron outfit and the DF government. The government had given the Sena permission to hold Thackeray's funeral in the silence zone, but emphasized that any structures would have to be removed and the park vacated after the funeral. The Sena, instead, built a makeshift memorial at the cremation site and a controversy over its removal has raged for a month.While some senior Sena leaders said orders given by the state government to remove the temporary structure would be followed and it would be shifted on December 17, the structure remained there all day Monday. \"The reason we didn't shift the memorial on Monday was because Saheb was cremated here a month ago. There was a pooja at Matoshree and we have organized bhajans at the ground. The sentiments of all Sainiks should be considered,\" said a Sena corporator.Senior Sena leaders continued to visit the ground on Monday afternoon. However, the footfalls of Sainiks from various shakha pramukhs reduced visibly on Monday. The Sena replied to the December 3 notice of the BMC saying it would remove the structure on December 17. Some Sena leaders have told TOI that unless the civic body decides on an alternative site for the structure at Shivaji Park itself, the makeshift memorial would remain untouched.\"We want an assurance in writing from the BMC about the alternative location at Shivaji Park. Talks are on and till then Sainiks will continue to pay their respects here,\" said party leader Sada Sarvanakar, who visited the site on Monday. Others, like Sena spokesperson Neelam Gore and Sena leader Ramdas Kadam, who also visited the site on Monday, said, \"Uddhavsaheb will keep his word given to the CM.\"The 86-year-old Sena supremo was cremated on November 18 at Shivaji Park, the ground where he addressed his followers during Dasera rallies for over four decades.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17659427", "title": "Govt seeks to revamp public transport with special purpose vehicle system", "text": "PANAJI: The transport department has submitted a proposal to the government to run public transport in Goa through a special purpose vehicle (SPV) on a private-public-partnership (PPP) basis. The move is intended to give the travelling public an efficient public transport system.Transport director Arun Desai told mediapersons that he has forwarded the proposal for the consideration of the government. If the government gives its nod, the transport department will prepare a detailed report for the formal approval of the government and then float expressions of interest.In the proposal, all public transport in Goa, including the state-owned Kadamba buses, will be run by a SPV created by the government in collaboration with a private party. The SPV will hire all private and KTC buses along with their drivers and pay them on per kilometre basis.Desai said the present public transport system has many failings. Their management is poor such that buses are never on time either to depart or to arrive at the destinations. Besides being overcrowded, the private buses have many problems that are detrimental to the travelling public of Goa.Desai said that the SPV will be able to deliver a professional and efficient service to the public.In the new system, the present schedules may either be continued or changed but there will be two kinds of routes. One is a village to town route and the other is a town to city route. The SPV may divert smaller buses from the town to city route to the village to town route.Desai said that in the new system, there will not be the cut-throat competition between buses resulting in over speeding and this will reduce accidents. The public will also get an efficient bus service; in that buses will leave their stations on time and reach their destinations within a pre-fixed duration. They will neither be allowed to reach early nor reach late.They will only be allowed to stop at pre-determined bus stops and the bus bays will be clearly marked for the buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17659089", "title": "Rs 36.22-cr bank guarantee for land acquisition by NMC", "text": "NASHIK: The standing committee of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) on Monday decided to give a bank guarantee of Rs. 36 crore as the decretal amount in the court as compensation for the land acquired for the sewage treatment plant (STP) at Tapovan, as ordered by the Supreme court.When the issue came up at the meeting of the standing committee, members insisted that the civic body give a bank guarantee instead of cash. Accordingly, the standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse instructed NMC to give bank guarantee of Rs. 36.22 crore.58 acres of land at Tapovan, Panchavati, had been acquired for the STP by the civic body in June 1999. By 2002, NMC had paid compensation to the 10 land owners, but they moved the district court demanding the compensation and got the verdict in their favour.Before depositing the requisite amount as compensation, NMC appealed to the High Court, and then to the Supreme Court, but did not get a verdict in its favour and thus had no choice but to follow the courts' orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17658514", "title": "Truck runs over man in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: Irate residents blocked the Phusro main road when a truck ran over Kamdev Mahto, an auto driver and resident of Bank Mor, Phusro, while he was crossing the road under Bermo police station here on Monday.The road block which lead to several vehicles getting stranded on the road for more than three hours was lifted after police and administrative officials reached the spot and promised to provide adequate compensation for the kin of the deceased.DSP Bermo, Santosh Pathak said the truck hit Mahto while he was crossing the road. Following which residents blocked the road demanding compensation.BDO Bermo, Pramod Ram said they handed monetary compensation to Mahto's family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17658459", "title": "Munda wants monthly report on eve-teasing", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Monday asked the principal home secretary to personally monitor cases of eve-teasing and submit monthly reports to his office.Munda, who is in the US for treatment of his sons, is closely monitoring the situation following the suicide of a minor girl on Saturday. She self-immolated after being teased and later died at Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences. He asked the principal home secretary to take action against SP, DSP and officer-in-charge in case there is any delay in action against an accused in eve-teasing case.He has also directed the home secretary to set up a 24-hour helpline in all the districts and ensure that it functions properly.D K Tiwary, Principal secretary to the chief minister, said each cell monitoring teasing cases should be functional round the clock. Each cell must have a telephone and internet connection so that a victim can contact in case of emergency.\"The chief minister has issued instructions to the home department to direct police officers to follow every case of eve-teasing on priority basis. Under no circumstances should the police ask the victim or her family members to come down to police stations to lodge an FIR. The moment any eve-teasing prevention cell receives a call for help, officers from the nearest police station should rush for help and lodge an FIR,\" said Tiwary.The state government will also launch an awareness drive in the state on related laws and role of police and society in preventing such crime. \"Mass awareness drive will be launched in the state to make people aware on how to lodge an FIR and places where a victim can contact for help in case of emergency,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17658102", "title": "'Airlines are abusing cargo fuel surcharge'", "text": "MUMBAI: \"Domestic airlines have formed a price cartel and they are exploiting the levy of fuel surcharge on cargo by not applying a rational pricing mechanism,\" alleged Vijay Kumar , chief operating officer of Express Industry Council of India (EICI), on Monday.EICI, an apex body of cargo companies, in a press release, said in the last four years, there has been a substantial hike in fuel surcharge, which has not been commensurate to the highly volatile fuel prices. \"With effect from November 19, domestic airlines have further increased the fuel surcharge on cargo by Rs 2 per kg despite a marked drop in fuel prices,\" said the release. Kumar said: \"What has been surprising is that all airlines have chosen to increase the fuel surcharge by the same amount more or less at the same time. This has led us to believe that this action has been taken in concert.\" Though designated to mitigate the fuel price volatility, fuel surcharge has been used as a pricing tool to harm interests of express companies, freight forwarders and ultimately the end user, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17658290", "title": "In Iran, the blind lead the veiled", "text": "KOCHI: It would seem appropriate that a culture which has made a fetish of masking things should have two blind persons who call the shots in Iran's censor board.\"You won't believe it, but in Iran two blind people are on the panel to censor films. Their assistants narrate the scenes and they dictate which scenes are to be excluded without seeing the visuals,'' acclaimed Iranian director Mohsen Makhmalbaf told an open forum on the side lines of the Kochi International Film Festival on Monday. \"For instance, when the assistant informs them a woman is entering the frame they would ask if she has worn her veil properly. They would insist on deleting the scene if they get a negative answer from the assistant,'' he explained.Makhmalbaf graphically recounted the nightmare that filmmakers face in Iran, with censorship, incidentally, being the lesser evil. He revealed how initially the theocratic regime banned some of his films, eventually his entire ouvre. Currently Makhmalbaf and his family are prohibited from even entering Iran.\"The Iranian regime sent terrorists to kill me. They also sent people in groups to arrange orchestrated protests to create a false impression that people are against my films,\" he said. He also spoke of how when his daughter Samira Makhmalbaf made the acclaimed film 'Blackboards', which won an award at Cannes, the Iranian intelligence agencies wrote to him warning that, \"we will not allow your prostitute daughter to enter our country, and if she enters we will rape her.''Similarly, when his assistant made a film, the regime wanted Makhmalbaf's name to be deleted from the credits if he was to be granted permission to enter Iran.\"I told my assistant to delete my name. But I also wrote to the Iranian president Mahmud Ahmadinejad to delete his name from the face of Iran so that Iran can become a free country,'' Makhmalbaf, who lives in exile in London, said. Makhmalbaf however warned that censorship could take many forms and Iran's crude and obvious methods shouldn't lull others into believing that censorship didn't exist in their country.He spoke of how markets too sometimes act as a powerful agent of stifling freedom of expression. \"Markets deprive funds to make an authentic film and also prevent cinema houses from screening them. Even in India which has a rich pluralistic cultural lineage, how many art films get theatre releases,'' he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17659586", "title": "CDs to aid blind study", "text": "CUTTACK: The district administration has brought out an audio CD pack that has lessons from Class III to Class VII for the visually-challenged. The CDs are being sent to schools across the district so that the visually-impaired students can learn without hindrance.A team was formed under the chairmanship of collector (Cuttack) Girish S N to create the audio books and the entire project was funded under Sarva Sikhya Abhiyan. \"There is an acute shortage of Braille books for blind students as there is only one Braille press in the state at Berhampur. To overcome the paucity, we decided to create talking books which will not only help the blind students in understanding subjects properly but also make learning interesting. This will at least help 800 students in the district,\" said Girish.The team took eight months to convert the textbooks into audio CD format. Besides district officials, teachers of blind school at Nuabazaar, teachers of Radhanath Institute of Advanced Studies in Education and technical experts from Delhi were roped in for the project.Officials said creating the audio books was quite difficult as the initiative was first of its kind in the state. \"We really had to do a lot of homework. We had to narrate the chapters in such a vivid way that the visually-impaired students understand them completely. We have added some explanations in mathematics, science and geography for better understanding of the students,\" said Bijay Rath, district project co-ordinator of Sarva Sikshya Abhiyan.He further informed that the books have been recorded in DAISY format that will help blind students to navigate through the book properly. This software also makes it cellphone compliant, Rath added.The district administration has also been training block resource teachers on the use of CDs in imparting knowledge to blind students. \"If the project is successful, then we will bring out talking books for higher classes,\" the collector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17659347", "title": "Ponda municipal council opposes Directorate of municipal administration's 'show cause' notice", "text": "PONDA: Alleging that the move by the Directorate of municipal administration (DMA) to dissolve it was politically motivated, the Ponda municipal council (PMC) has opposed its dissolution. The meeting held on Monday opposed the DMA's move with a majority by seven against three votes in the 13-member council.The three members absent were Radhika Nayak, Vincent Paul Fernandes and Shailendra Shinkre. Claiming that the PMC has failed to tackle issues of garbage disposal from the town, the DMA has issued a 'show cause notice' asking the council why it should not be dissolved. The notices were issued to the chairperson Rukmi Dangui and then chief officer Pradeep Naik on November 8.Pointing out to it, Dangui has claimed that if the government wants to dissolve the council it should not have sent the notices to her and the chief officer. \"The chief officer is an administrative head and is not a part of the council. Moreover, the chief officer alone does not mean a council. Hence, the notices have to be sent to all councilors,\" she said.Stating that the show cause notices were wrong, the council had sought documentary evidence based on which the DMA had issued notices. The council had been received the documents including news article cuttings and the special meeting had been convened to discuss it.The majority of the council was of the opinion that the news articles were favouring the chairperson and said that the DMA cannot issue notices based on the news articles.The council discussed a letter sent by local MLA Lavoo Mamledar to the DMA suggesting that the council may be dissolved and Ponda deputy collector (who is now chief officer of the PMC) Johnson Fernandes be appointed as administrator for the PMC.Dangui said that the MLA had no right to suggest who may be appointed as administrator. Alleging that the MLA had intentionally given the garbage issue a political colour, the chairperson said if the MLA was concerned about the issue, he could have suggested the options to tackle the matter. Chief officer Fernandes said the council also discussed letters sent by \"unregistered NGOs\" and the council has rejected allegations made in those letters with a majority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17659412", "title": "Duo sent to police custody till Dec 26", "text": "AURANGABAD: The two suspects involved in the credit card cheating case, who were brought on transit remand from Indore in Madhya Pradesh, have been arrested by the economic offences wing and the cyber cell of the Aurangabad police. They were produced before the court on Monday, which remanded them in ten days' police custody.Deputy commissioner of police Somnath Gharge said, \"The arrest of the two cheats hailing from Madhya Pradesh, who allegedly purchased goods using cloned credit cards, is a big achievement. With their arrest, we are confident about bringing the rest of the gang to book. Police commissioner Sanjay Kumar personally guided the teams in detecting the tech-savvy crime.\"One of the youths, Ashu Mohammed Iqbal (24), is a civil engineer and lives in Junapeth. The other, Shahbaz Anwar Khan (25), is a first year student of Juna Risala.Police said the accused were members of the inter-state gang and are on police records of Delhi and Madhya Pradesh police. The gang after illegally obtaining data of credit card holders would call up their targets, promise to enhance their card limit, win their confidence, take their cards, pretend to cut them so as to disable them, and then transfer the data to the members of the gang sitting in Madhya Pradesh and Delhi who would clone the cards and purchase goods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17657542", "title": "2 fall to death at construction sites", "text": "BANGALORE: A 28-year-old man allegedly fell to his death from the second floor of an under-construction building in Ramakrishna Layout, near Jnanabharathi, West Bangalore, on Sunday night.Unias, a native of Malappuram, Kerala, was an employee of a footwear store near KR Market for a few years and was staying in the under-construction building with friends.Police said Unias and his friends had a party on Sunday night. Unias, who had alcohol, told his friends that he was walking to the adjacent room where he used to stay.One of Unais's friends came to his room later and did not find him there. They searched for Unais, but in vain. They did not find Unais even on Monday morning. Later, one of the friends noticed that Unais was lying dead in a pit that had been dug up for the elevator shaft.Janabharathi police registered a case of unnatural death and are investigating.Police officers said a case of negligence will be registered against building owner Mahadevaiah. \"The owner has rented out the under-construction building to eight men. He had not taken the precaution to cover the pit,\" they pointed out.\"There are no visible marks on the body. We are hoping that the post-mortem will throw more light on the exact cause of death,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17661174", "title": "Kapil Sibal: Why doesn't India have Google-like platform", "text": "NEW DELHI: Telecom and IT Minister Kapil Sibal asked his ministry officials to lay a road map by 2014 for creation of a \"Google\" type of comprehensive website that will enable citizens to access service of all government departments with a click of a mouse.\"My dream will only come true when we will provide people of India with that (Google) kind of platform and I hope before 2014 a blueprint of that kind of platform is laid on the table for me to sign on so that future is cast in stone. This is my dream and vision,\" Sibal said while inaugurating National Data Centre (NDC) spread over 60,000 square feet area here.He said he always has a question in his mind that why is India not having a Google-like platform instead of the existing system where people have to access the website of each ministry for information.The Minister said there should be one common platform for providing all kind of services that can be provided through internet.Meanwhile, officials from Department of Electronics and Information Technology said they are working on another project to create a new data centre spread over 2 lakh square feet to address future requirement after space in the NDC, launched today, is exhausted.The Minister on the occasion launched Dial.Gov web portal which citizens can use to access information regarding his/her eligibility for benefits from various government-run schemes.At present, the Dial.Gov can provide information on scholarship schemes of Ministry of Human Resource and Development, Social Justice and Empowerment, Tribal Affairs, Minority Affairs, Science and Technology and some schemes from state governments.Sibal also asked various departments under his ministry to collaborate and set up a common facility.\"Why should be there so many data centres. There is no need to set up separate data centre when you have only one purpose,\" Sibal said.The Minister said that departments should create campaign to make people aware of the kind of information and data government is hosting on its data centres.He said National Informatics Centre which has worked to create NDC should have a new unit that should collaborate with private sector, specially small and medium scale businesses, to create software.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17658604", "title": "Jugnu outlives itself, Japanese catches its spark", "text": "KANPUR: Nano-satellite Jugnu developed by students of the Indian Institute of Technology-Kanpur (IIT-K) is alive, its beacon is blinking. After completing one year in space on October 12, 2012, Jugnu continues to function. On December 14, Jugnu was tracked by an amateur radio operator in Japan.Shigehio Kuroki, a radio operator tracked Jugnu in Tokyo in Japan. An elated Shigehio reported to Shantanu Agarwal, team head of students team of Jugnu stating he tracked the nano-satellite. Team Jugnu including NS Vyas of Mechanical Engineering department, IIT-Kanpur under whose supervision Jugnu was developed, was excited as despite outliving its life of six months, Jugnu was alive and transmitting signals.Talking to TOI, NS Vyas of IIT-Kanpur said, \"I am thrilled! Jugnu has lived beyond our expectation. Even Shigehio Kuroki who tracked the satellite wrote in his mail that he was glad to have tracked it,\" wrote Shigehio in his mail to Shantanu.Developed by the students of IIT-Kanpur, Jugnu completed one year in the space on October 12. It was launched into space on October 12, 2011 from Satish Dhawan Space Centre in Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh. This was an achievement for the team as well as for IIT-Kanpur.The faculty members and the students involved in the project were present at Satish Dhawan Space Centre, Sriharikota when Jugnu was launched with the help of Polar Satellite Space Vehicle (PSLV) C-18.The ground station for monitoring the nano-satellite at IIT-Kanpur was made functional at IIT-Kanpur for receiving signals sent by it. For the first 15 days scientists and experts at Indian Space Research Organisation's (ISRO) Satellite Tracking Centre in Bangalore had controlled Jugnu, later it was tracked and controlled by students from ground station at IIT-Kanpur.Shantanu Agarwal, student head of the team said the satellite was no more being tracked by IIT students and said it was being tracked by radio operators across the world like Shigehio. But he termed project Jugnu a most complex project and added it was altogether a different experience for the entire team to develop a nano-satellite and then witness its successful launch.When asked about its health in space, Shantanu replied that the satellite's Real Time Clock (RTC) was on and Power Board of On Board Computer-1 is responding as expected. The receiver power index Received Signal Strength Index value is also as expected. He added that all temperatures are higher than expected.A well equipped ground station with necessary gadgets required for tracking the nano-satellite and receiving signals was set-up at IIT-Kanpur and Jugnu was developed in a span of two years. For the most part, non-space grade, commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) components were used to keep its cost low. Unlike conventional satellites which have a large number of redundant systems, it had minimal redundancies at component level.Jugnu had to undergo rigorous tests like Thermo-Vaccum Tests, Vibration Tests and Electronic-Magnetic Interference Test during its development process and students had to work hard to develop it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17658965", "title": "Elphinstone College to offer online courses", "text": "MUMBAI: Elphinstone College has become the first government college to start online courses in Mumbai. It launched the initiative with bio-statistics and biotechnology laboratory management courses. The college plans to offer 10 courses in the field of banking, finance and library management in two months.Bio-statistics is a two-month course and lab management is a three-month programme. Initially, the college will enroll only 20 students in a batch and later increase it, depending on demand. Students can walk in on the college campus in Kala Ghoda and enroll for the courses. The college has partnered with Lab India Instruments to develop these online courses.College principal and convener Pratima S Jadhav said, \"We are delighted to get into online education for new-age students. We would offer programs to students that will make them industry-ready.\" The joint director of higher education, Manjusha Molwane was also present at the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17658296", "title": "Proposals sought for shifting of bus stand", "text": "VARANASI: The minister of state for PWD and irrigation Surendra Patel has asked the officials to prepare proposals for shifting of bus stands from densely populated areas to other places so that the problem of traffic jams could be controlled.The minister held a meeting of officials at the circuit house on Monday. Taking note of the frequent traffic jams in the city areas, he suggested for shifting of district bus stands to the highways leading to Azamgarh, Jaunpur and Ghazipur. Besides, he also asked for establishment of the inter district and district bus stand near Transport Nagar in Mohansarai area.For the expansion of the limit of the Varanasi Municipal Corporation, the minister asked the municipal commissioner RP Singh to prepare a proposal for the expansion of VMC limit in 5km periphery so that it could be included in the new master plan. He also directed the officials not to allow the construction of new multi-storey buildings in the city. He also asked to ensure proper parking facility near malls.The minister also asked the officials to not give permission for the construction of new buildings on the both banks of Varuna river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "17659406", "title": "Freezing Dharamshala warming up to host India-England match", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Even as heavy snowfall on Dhauladhar mountains continues to freeze Dharamshala, the tourist town is slowly warming up to host its first international match next month when England plays India at the Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association (HPCA) stadium.While online bookings for the match have already started, the newly-laid grass inside the stadium has been leveled and parking arrangements are under course. Preparations have been completed for the stay of teams and other ICC, Bofficials. But lack of commercial flights to the town may prove the only hindrance in ensuring presence of cricket fans from rest of the country and also abroad.\"We have completed all arrangements directed by the cricket board. The pitch is almost ready and we have contacted private operators to meet parking requirements in case our parking area falls short,\" said H S Minhas, a senior administrative official at the stadium.The England cricket team is scheduled to play its 5th and last one day match against India in Dharamshala. This would be the first of its kind international fixture to be played in the hill state, for which there is heightened enthusiasm among cricket lovers as well as people in the tourism industry. The match was scheduled for January 23, but it has now been rescheduled for January 27.It is expected that there would be abundant of snowfall on mountains that overlook the stadium, for which tourists from across the world generally throng the hill station. Sources revealed that the two teams would stay in the town for three days.Stadium officials said the recently held match between Indian and British MPs has created goodwill for the place among English visitors. \"We have come to know from senior officials that MPs who played here want to revisit the place as they are very much impressed with the stadium, terming it to be the most beautiful stadium,\" said a senior HPCA official.On the other hand, officials are worried that lack of air connectivity may hit arrival of high-end tourists this time. Officials at the Gaggal airport said, \"Kingfisher was the only operator which had assured to resume flights in November, but it has not happened. Another airlines has made enquires to resume flights but nothing concrete has emerged.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17658564", "title": "STF arrests two inter-state Bawaria gang members", "text": "KANPUR: The Special Task Force (STF) on Sunday arrested two members of the inter-state 'Bawaria' criminal tribe gang in Etawah district. A firearm and several live cartridges were also recovered from their possession. One of those arrested carries a reward announced by the police.The gang members confessed to having committed several murders and robberies in places like Fatehpur, Hamirpur, Etawah, Banda and Jalaun also in other states like Rajasthan and Haryana. They have dozens of criminal cases pending against them in different districts of Uttar Pradesh and other states.The police identified the dacoits as Ramesh Gadla of Bharatpur in Rajasthan and Pinku Bawaria of Fatehabad in Haryana. The gang members used to do a recce of their target 15 days before committing a crime, the police said.STF ASP STF Anant Deo told TOI that the arrests were made following intelligence inputs about a suspected group of criminals and their movement in Etawah district. \"We had specific inputs that a 'rewardee' Bawariya dacoit Ramesh Gadla, along with notorious gang members Karan alias Kunnu and Pinku were planning to commit crime in Etawah. A trap was laid and STF sleuths managed to nab Ramesh Gadla and Pinku Bawariya while Karan managed to give police a slip,\" he said. The arrests were made in Etawah.Ramesh Gadla told the STF sleuts that there were 25 active members in the gang.During interrogation, the two confessed to having committed crime in Chandpur and Bindaki areas of Fatehpur district, Raath and Jariya localities in Hamirpur, Civil Lines area of Etawah, Bisanda area of Banda and Jalaun's Kalpi area.The gang members also revealed their modus operandi to the police. The gang members used to travel in SUVs and after equipping themselves with long 'bamboo' sticks and axe-like weapons, committed crime at locations fixed through recces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17657234", "title": "Exercise caution while grounding accused, HC tells courts", "text": "NEW DELHI: The right to travel can't be curtailed as a matter of routine, the Delhi high court has cautioned, asking courts in the capital to be much more selective in grounding an accused.\"Undoubtedly, the accused's right to travel can be curtailed by a reasonable, transparent and fair procedure, but in the opinion of this court such restriction should be rarely imposed by the trial court while granting bail and that too for cogent reasons,\" Justice Manmohan observed on Monday.HC was hearing a plea of a woman barred from leaving Delhi by a sessions court as she has been charged with dowry harassment by her sister-in-law.The trial court had, while granting anticipatory bail confiscated her passport and said that every time she needs to step outside the city, she will have to seek permission from the court.Justice Manmohan took note of the fact that \"condition of obtaining prior permission before leaving Delhi is a cumbersome one as the permission takes time and causes hardship...it certainly restricts the accused's fundamental right to travel\" and quashed the lower court's condition.In her plea, the woman had informed HC that she is employed with a firm that is part of the World Bank group. She had also stated that due to exigency of work she has to periodically travel out of station and even abroad.Citing communication to this effect from the firm's South Asia head, the woman submitted she has to frequently travel to Nepal for a period of six months but the condition imposed by the lower court makes it extremely hard for her to travel for employment.HC empathized with the plight of the woman agreeing that if the sessions court condition is not waived off, she could lose her job. \"In the opinion of this court, the petitioner who has no criminal antecedents and good academic qualifications is unlikely to abscond,\" HC reasoned, brushing aside objections by the complainant in the case and allowing her plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17658421", "title": "Infant drowns in bucket", "text": "PUNE: An year-old boy drowned after he accidentally fell into a bucket filled with water at Rahatani on Monday afternoon.The Sangvi police have identified the boy as Samir Arjunkumar Kevat who lived with his parents in Shahunagar. Police said that Samir's father is a labourer and his mother is a homemaker. On Monday morning, Samir's mother took him to a relative's house in Rahatni.Samir's mother and relatives fell asleep in the afternoon while Samir was playing around. HE must have gone near a bucket filled with water since the relatives told the police that they found him lying up side down in the bucket. Samir was rushed to the Yashwantrao Chavan memorial hospital where the doctors declared him brought dead.This is the fourth incident in Pimpri-Chinchwad since November 25 in which children have died in accidents. On November 25, four-year-old Nirtua Oadh was crushed to death between the main gate of a company in Bhosari MIDC. The incident took place when Niruta's father, who works as a security guard there, was closing the gate.On November 27, Nidhi Katare , a nine-month-old girl died after she accidentally fell down from the fourth floor of her house in Dalvinagar in Chinchwad. On November 28, Tushar Mali (2) drowned in a water tank in Moshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17657327", "title": "Mamata woos industry captains to repair Bengal govt's anti-reform image", "text": "NEW DELHI: Having taken a strong stand against FDI in multi-brand retail, West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee on Monday attempted to repair her government's anti-reform image and send out a message that it was industry and investor-friendly at an industry meet held here.Around 42 CEOs and CMDs attended the two-hour interaction session, according to state finance minister Amit Mitra. Banerjee, the CM and industry minister Partho Chatterjee had to contend with an overwhelming number of queries on contentious issues like availability of land for industry, infrastructure and law and order situation in the state.The CM assured that acquisition of land wouldn't be a problem for setting up of industries as the government has a land bank and any other plots could be acquired by the industry itself. She also said that there are no hurdle to mandays for industry or law and order issue. Banerjee, however, conceded that infrastructure needs to be developed.The session was marked by some drama when industry captain Sunil Kant Munjal of the HeroGroup walked out in the middle of the meeting, and on his way out told the gathering mediapersons outside that he was not considering investing in Bengal at the moment.\"We are not thinking of investing in the state at the moment,\" he said, while leaving the West Bengal Bhawan in Chankyapuri.The matter apparently came to a head when Munjal quizzed the CM about FDI in retail \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a political hot button issue for the ruling Trinamool Congress . Sore, at being discouraged to speak, he 'excused' himself from the meeting, saying he has some work to attend, it is learnt.Both Banerjee and Mitra claimed the meeting ended on a positive note, but no concrete investments plans were on offer except a commitment for Rs 500 crore cement grinding project to be set up in Salboni (Jungle Mahal) by Punit Dalmia.Many of the Kolkata-based industry heads, however, lauded the Banerjee government for creating a positive atmosphere for industrial growth in the state.During her day out in Parliament on Monday, Banerjee voiced her dissent against the UPA's populist direct cash transfer scheme. She spent about three hours in the Central hall, where she was warmly greeted by leaders like Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley among others. \"We are totally opposed to the direct cash tranfer scheme because there are many places where there are no banks or post offices ... how will the money reach people there? In any case, even in case of MNREGA we find that the money reaches people only after 15 days, why can't it be given on the same day? First every one should get a bank account, only after that should the direct cash transfer scheme be introduced,\" she said in Parliament while talking to journalists.On the land acquisition bill, she said, her party will oppose it as she disagrees with many provisions of the bill, like the 80:20 ratio in which land has to be acquired by the government and private players. \"We have a land bill ready for West Bengal, we will pass it after the central bill is passed. Government has no business acquiring land for industry,\" she said.On the issue of SCST quota in promotion, the Trinamool chief said, \"I am for my SCST brothers but alongside I also want OBC and minority welfare. But I want economically backward people should be protected, taken care of. We are doing something in the state to protect the economically backward people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17659673", "title": "Sena alleges graft in Akola airport", "text": "NAGPUR: Shiv Sena MLC Diwakar Raote on Monday alleged corruption in Akola airport project which is yet to begin operations five years after its inauguration and pointed fingers at former union aviation minister and NCP stalwart Praful Patel. The opposition members staged a walkout after on minister of state Fouzia Khan's reply terming it \"unsatisfactory\".Raote was speaking in the Council on calling attention motion by Gopikisan Bajoriya, Anil Parab and other members. The members accused the government of misleading the house by giving different answers on the Akola airport issue every time it was raised. \"Patel had inaugurated the airport on which Rs25 crores of public money was spent. Sadly, not a single aircraft flies from it. How much are the kickbacks, the government must explain,\" Raote said.Other members stated the issue had come up for the discussion as many as seven times in different sessions. However, the government failed to provide satisfactory reply. They stated that as the proposal of runway expansion was pending with the government since long, it was adversely affecting the development of Akola district and causing resentment among the youths as jobs were not being generated. They further charged that Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV) was not making its stand clear as their 54.15 hectares will be required for expansion of runway. Another member claimed that even Nanded airport was stuck in the same mess.Khan replied that the length of runway was 1,400 metres where small aircraft like ATR-42 can land. For bigger aircraft, it needed to be expanded to at least 1,800 metres. For that, the airport needed 174.67 acres land. The Airports Authority of India had already made a request to the government. She added that a meet was held under former additional chief secretary on August 24 where Akola collector was directed to send a proposal to PDKV for acquisition of land. PDKV's executive council was yet to clear the proposal, Khan sai. She added the proposal had already been granted in-principle approval by the government and only chief minister's permission was required. She also informed that a case was pending in the high court on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17658704", "title": "England register series win after 28 years as India fail to put up a fight", "text": "NAGPUR: It was the first break of the final day. One hour had passed sans India showing any urgency to win the fourth Test. By then they had resigned to a draw without putting up a semblance of fight.Scorecard | Match In PicsWith Team India leisurely enjoying the drinks, Virender Sehwag responded to the chants of crowd. A thumbs up, accompanied with a brilliant smile.During the next drinks break, unmindful of the impending gloom, Sehwag, Virat Kohli and Ravindra Jadeja found something to giggle about. Skipper MS Dhoni too joined the trio. Was it India who had the 2-1 lead? One wondered.Perhaps they were trying to shy away from the reality, akin to an ostrich burying its head in the sand.As the day progressed the proceedings went from incredulous to appalling. Despite having four spinners Dhoni gave the ball to Gautam Gambhir . Last rites were performed for India after that over.England, after putting up a determined show through Jonathan Trott and Ian Bell , declared their innings and umpires called off the play. England secured a draw and won the series 2-1.Team India's inability to put up an inspired show, if not a winning one, was shocking. The end of the 28-year home dominance over their rivals was just couple of sessions away.They were on the brink of losing first home series in eight years. But it failed to evoke desperation, a fight-back or even remorse. Trott conjured up a masterly 143 and Bell scored an unbeaten 116.India lost a series to England in their own den for the first time in 28 years. Gaurav Gupta's report card spares no one, apart from Pujara. It doesn't make for happy reading, but a bunch that failed at home deserves nothing but poor marksVIRENDER SEHWAGM: 4, I: 7, Runs: 253, HS: 117, Avg: 36.14, 50: 0, 100: 1India's most effective batsman seemed to have begun on the right note in Ahmedabad, stroking his first ton in almost two years. Thereafter, however, the script went awry. What added to Sehwag's woes was his poor catching at slip. His bowling could have been used more. TOI RATING 4/10GAUTAM GAMBHIRM: 4, I: 6, Runs: 251, HS: 65, Avg: 41.83, 50: 2, 100: 0Though he seemed determined, has developed the bad habit of getting a start and not carrying on. Played a lone hand in the second innings at Mumbai, but he was panned for being selfish and not shielding the tailenders. Gambhir's biggest mistakes came at Kolkata, where he ran Sehwag and Cheteshwar Pujara out. Needs to stop flirting with balls outside off stump. TOI RATING 5/10CHETESHWAR PUJARAM: 4, I: 7, Runs: 438, HS: 206*, Avg: 87.60, 50: 0, 100: 2India's batsman of the series. Hit a match-winning double hundred at Ahmedabad and an even better ton at Mumbai. Was unlucky after that as a needless run out in the third Test and a bad decision sent him packing early. Still, was the top run-scorer for India. Looks competent at No. 3 especially while defending. TOI RATING 7.5/10SACHIN TENDULKARM: 4, I: 6, Runs: 112, HS: 76, Avg: 18.66, 100: 0, 50: 1The most forgettable series for him in a long time. In Mumbai, Monty Panesar got him cheaply in both innings. He looked like returning to form with a patient 76 in Kolkata, but things only got worse. Slowing reflexes and poor footwork are believed to be his bane. TOI RATING 3/10VIRAT KOHLIM: 4, I: 7, Runs: 188, HS: 103, Avg: 31.33, 50: 1, 100: 0Came into this series in a purple patch, but went off colour suddenly. Was guilty of 'too much adventure' outside off stump and in Mumbai he had soft dismissals in both the digs. The second innings dismissal was more glaring as it came off a full toss. Rediscovered his touch with a ton in the final Test. TOI RATING 4/10YUVRAJ SINGHM: 3, I: 5, Runs: 125, HS: 74, Avg: 25.00, 50: 1, 100: 0Got off the blocks with a 74 in the first Test, but subsequently struggled, failing in the second and third games. Was exposed against quality spin, with his tendency to play away from the body going against him. His 'golden arm' wasn't utilized much by Dhoni. His Test future remains in doubt. TOI RATING 3/10MS DHONIM: 4, I: 6, Runs: 191, HS: 99, Avg: 31.83, 50: 2, 100: 0As skipper, his demand for turning tracks and fetish for extra spinners puzzled everyone and left many demanding his head. Had a couple of good knocks. Was unlucky to become the first skipper ever to be run out on 99. Was defensive in his tactics and unimaginative in his field placements. TOI RATING 4/10R ASHWINM: 4, I: 6, Runs: 243, HS: 91*, Avg: 60.75, 50: 2, 100: 0, W: 14, Best Bowling: 3/80, Avg: 52.64His failure with the ball was the principal reason why India lost the series. Claimed that he possessed a 'mystery ball', but was left mystified by Alastair Cook &amp; Co. His struggle started in the second innings of the first Test and never ended. Was a revelation with the bat though. TOI RATING 5/10PRAGYAN OJHAM: 4, W: 20, Best bowling: 5-45, Avg: 30.85Was India's best bowler, but the English batsmen seemed to have sorted him out after Ahmedabad. Couldn't bowl at Panesar's pace and thus didn't reap as much success in Mumbai. TOI RATING 6/10ISHANT SHARMAM: 2, W: 4, Best bowling: 3/49, BB: 42.25Was pathetic at the Eden Gardens, but it was his first international game in almost 11 months, so was given another go at Nagpur. Was much better in the final Test but didn't get any support from the other end thanks to an attack comprising four spinners. TOI RATING 4/10ZAHEER KHANM: 3, W: 4, Best bowling: 4-84, Avg: 53.25Was expected to regain his rhythm and lead the charge. But he looked a pale shadow of himself and lost his place in the side. The left-arm seamer struggled to generate pace or swing and seemed to run in without any energy. Endured a strike rate of 132.7 and an average of 53.25.Perhaps the focus on turners did him in. TOI RATING 2/10", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17658833", "title": "Kiran turns the charm on women", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Congress party in the state seems to be counting on woman power to ride back to power in the 2014 elections, with chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy on Monday kicking off his three-day Indiramma Baata programme in the district with a slew of announcements designed to woo women voters amid protests over LPG issue and power tariffs.Openly admitting that women today were a force to reckon with and wield considerable influence in the family decision-making process, the CM at his first public meeting at Malkapuram announced that women would be given a 50% share in the upcoming corporation election.He sanctioned Rs 25 lakh for upgrading the public health centre at Malkapuram with a 30-bed gynaecology ward and announced the setting up of a hospital to cater to women at Gopalapatnam. The CM also announced that a new scheme under Indiramma Amrutha Hastam would be shortly implemented in the district through the ICDS (Integrated Child Development Scheme) wherein pregnant women from BPL section will be provided nutritious mid-day meals.He also laid the foundation stone for a Rs 83-crore, 24/7 water project for the Malkapuram area that would cater to the water needs of five wards from 45 to 49.Civic body fails to check reckless bus parkingCHANDIGARH: Private busses are being parked recklessly in front of houses, thanks to absence of a clear cut policy and lack of parking space. Local people are bearing the brunt of this ugly practice. The busses are stationed in a haphazard manner. Despite this, a lax Municipal Corporation has done little to check the growing trouble.In the recent past, MC challaned buses parked at various sites in sectors 21, 22, 35 and Manimajra. To curb the practice , the MC has also proposed some alternative sites. Recently, a site behind Dhillon complex was allotted to the bus operators. But it has no takers.Suresh Kapoor, a resident of Sector 21, said that for the past many years they have been urging the MC to earmark a proper parking site for the buses but the civic authorities have turned a deaf ear to their grouses.\"Serving a challan to these violators is just not enough because they pay up the fine and continue to park their vehicles at prime locations in the city,\" said Gaganjot Singh of Sector 35. Gautam Sabharwal, a resident of Manimajra, said that these buses are really an eyesore and they have requested the bus operators not to park their vehicles in front of the houses but in vain.Kashmira Singh, incharge of the MC enforcement wing, said that the civic body has been issuing challans to private bus violators and also provided alternative sites but no one is willing to park vehicles there. \"We will take some more stern steps to curb the practice,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17659389", "title": "Kailashnagar rape case: Accused sent to police custody for three days", "text": "AURANGABAD: Three persons arrested for allegedly abducting and raping a 20-year-old woman on Saturday, were sent to police custody for three days on Monday.The trio have been identified as Ramesh Dhananjay Wadekar (23), son of a former Shiv Sena corporator, Nitin Nikhare and Krishna Chormare. One of their accomplices, Sagar Gorhe (21) is absconding.Police said the incident took place around 12.30 am, when the woman, a resident of Kailash Nagar, came out of her house to answer nature's call. They allegedly kidnapped her and took her to Bhanudas Nagar to a room provided by Sagar Gorhe. She has alleged that she was raped by Wadekar.Senior inspector and in-charge of Jinsi police station, Gafur Patil, said, \"The incident came to light when the woman returned home on early Sunday, and told her family members. They brought her to Jinsi police station. After taking down her complaint, a detection branch team of Jinsi police station led by assistant sub-inspector Syed Gayasuddin arrested the accused.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17659567", "title": "Dinosaurs smother bird habitat", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Environmentalists and bird lovers of Odisha have raised strong objection to the proposal to set up an artificial Dinosaur park on Chadheihaga Island at Chilika by the Odisha Tourism Development Corporation (OTDC).The island, famous as a habitat of residential as well as migratory birds, is also home to many wild plants, butterflies and bats and any kind of artificial development on it is feared to change the ecosystems permanently.The OTDC has plans to install as many as 34 sculptures of huge dinosaur-like animals on natural rocks of the island to attract tourists. The size of these sculptures will be about eight feet to 15 feet in height and 40 feet in length. Two such fibre models have already been put up at Chilika using concrete and steel and tenders have been floated in newspapers for assigning more works of this nature.\"Has the lake lost all its natural beauty that we need an artificial park to attract tourists to the spot, and at what cost? The government should have done a feasibility and ecological study of the lagoon before going ahead with the project,\" said Shakti Nanda, a bird lover and conservationist.Environmentalists also expressed concern over the stability of the Chadheihaga island after largescale construction over it. The natural rockscape has been undisturbed for hundreds of years. Disturbing or altering these rocks by breaking or rearranging may disturb the balance or center of gravity leading to collapse of the whole island. Besides, construction activities will bring in air and noise pollution, the vibrations from machines and tools will affect the rock structure and there will be problems arising due to storage and disposal of construction material and waste, they argued.\"The island comes under the Coastal Regulation Zone 1 under which no alteration or construction is allowed in such areas that may disturb or completely destroy the complex ecology of the place. We found droppings of birds all over the place which confirms that this island is still a roosting place for many birds and justifies its name Chadheihaga Pahada,\" said Gahar Abedin, an ornithologist.When contacted, chief engineer of OTDC A K Jena said, \"After objection by several organizations the state government has decided to review the decision to set up a Jurassic Park at Chadheihaga. A study will be conducted on the whole matter before starting any further construction.\"Environmentalists and bird lovers of organizations like Birds of Orissa Forum, Open Wildlife Lounge and Indian Birds have also written letters to the chief minister in this regard, while a support campaign launched on a popular social site has got a huge response from across the country in support of protecting the ecosystem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17657257", "title": "Worst may be over for economy: Government", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Monday suggested that the worst may be over for the faltering Indian economy and it is headed for a recovery in the second half of 2012-13. But the mid-year review of the economy presented in Parliament scaled down growth projection for the current fiscal year to 5.7-5.9% from the previous estimate of 7.6%, citing the slowdown in the previous quarters.Even at the scaled down level, the government's estimate is more optimistic than what most economists and agencies have suggested. It is, however, in line with RBI's forecast of 5.7% growth in the current financial year. The optimistic assessment for the second half of the fiscal year was based on a rebound in industrial growth of 8.2% in October 2012, better corporate profit margins, moderation in inflation and better business expectations for the third quarter.\"There are, however, reasons to believe that the slowdown has bottomed out and the economy is headed towards higher growth in the second half of 2012-13,\" the review said.The finance ministry is also confident of meeting the fiscal deficit target of 5.3% of GDP for the current fiscal year despite challenges on raising Rs 30,000 crore from stake sales in state-run firms and slowdown in revenues.\"Given such an emerging scenario, it should be possible for the economy to improve the overall growth rate of GDP to around 5.7 to 5.9% for the year 2012-13. This would imply that the growth rate for the second half of the year 2012-13 would be close to around 6%,\" the review said in its outlook for Asia's third-largest economy.\"To achieve this, both fiscal and monetary policies, however, would need to be supportive to sustain investor confidence. The government will also have to address the concerns relating to structural supply side bottlenecks,\" it said.The review said the reform steps undertaken by the government and the fiscal consolidation roadmap should provide room for RBI to ease policy. The RBI will review monetary policy on Tuesday and a majority of economists say they expect the central bank to hold rates given sticky inflation.The review defended the RBI's tight monetary policy in the previous months saying there were several risks to inflation.The review said a further moderation in inflation, likely to commence from the fourth quarter of the current year and together with benign global commodity prices, will also facilitate softening of the monetary policy stance of RBI. Inflation as at the end of March 2013 is expected to moderate to 6.8-7% level, it added.The review said achieving the target of raising Rs 30,000 crore from disinvestment in 2012-13 would be a challenge given the present trend and prevailing scenario in the capital market but said efforts were on to fast-track stake sales. It said on the tax revenue side, the trend growth in the mid-year was lower than estimated and achieving targets would be difficult.\"While the targets may be achieved in taxes on income other than corporation tax and service tax, achieving targets in corporation tax on the direct tax side and customs and central excise duty on the indirect tax side is somewhat difficult given the trend so far,\" the review said, attributing it to slower economic growth and the global economic slowdown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17659337", "title": "'Rly authorities playing into hands of cement importers'", "text": "AMRITSAR: Indian exporters of spices, machinery and other goods to Pakistan via rail route are blaming railway authorities for playing into the hands of influential cement importers' lobby and deliberately ignoring their interests.The waiting list for wagons have crossed 2,200 mark and to add to their woes, the diversion of export of soybean via land route has severely affected export of fresh vegetables which has resulted in waiting period of clearance of trucks loaded with perishable goods to three to five days.Following recovery of heroin and ammunition concealed in cement consignments from Pakistan in recent past, the importers have stopped getting cement through rail route and since then exporters have been crying for supply of wagons by the railway department.\"There was no problem of wagons before cement import from Pakistan came to halt following recovery of narcotics and ammunition, but now we are not getting wagons to export our goods,\" rued Federation of Karyana and Dry Fruit Commercial Association president Anil Mehra. He said exporters had several rounds of meetings with railway officials, but to no avail. He said goods over Rs 500 crore were stacked in godowns in want of wagons. The problems further aggravated after soybean exporters started export via land route.\"Another exporter Nitin Arora said they have to suffer losses as perishable goods destroy early. A few exporters now use Samjhauta Express for exports since there were no wagons available to them, he said.Ferozepur Divisional Railway Manager N C Goyal instead blamed trades of both sides. \"Here, they take too long to load their goods and in Lahore as well they take two days or so to offload goods which causes problems,\" said Goyal. He said he had provided one rake comprising 70 wagons to exporters on Monday while adding that the problem was created by traders themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17658897", "title": "Chandigarh's concrete face to be spick and span", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The city's concrete buildings are set to wear a cleaner look, as UT administration has decided to involve traders for carrying out cleaning, scrubbing and preservation of the facade of buildings in the commercial areas. There is a separate plan for preservation of the heritage buildings located in the Capitol Complex and the educational institutions of Chandigarh.The urban planning department, as part of its plan to revitalize the shopping areas, has not given a go ahead to the traders' long pending demand for permission to paint the concrete buildings. However, the buildings will be made free of oxidation and other marks of decaying.Amarjeet Singh, a showroom owner in Sector 17, said over the years the facade of the buildings has got oxidized and now wore a shabby look.In 2010, the administration had even decided to try out three to four shades of paint on one structure and scrub another part of it to decide which option was better. But the plan never worked out.Meanwhile, experts of Central Building Research Institute (CBRI), Roorkee, have been roped in by the administration to help preserve the heritage buildings in Capitol Complex, besides working out a plan to make these earthquake resistant.The Capitol Complex includes the Civil Secretariat, Assembly Hall, Open Hand Monument and Punjab and Haryana high court.The administration has also asked CBRI to calculate the estimated life of these structures given the strength of the pillars and beams. The issue of maintaining uniformity of colour of the external facade, to ensure that the patch work does not result in an untidy look to the buildings is also being looked into. At places where the concrete has been painted, scrapping and wire brushing will be done.At several places in the Capitol Complex, unauthorized modifications in the exterior of the buildings have been made by the departments housed there using steel frames and grills and these too, will be removed as part of the restoration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17658616", "title": "Cong, BJP, BSP draw flak for support to quota Bill", "text": "KANPUR: Effigy of former chief minster Mayawati was burnt and demonstration was staged in the city on Monday to protest against the bill passed in the Rajya Sabha for reservation in promotion in government jobs. Samajwadi party volunteers burnt flags and pictures of Congress, Bharatiya Janata Party and Bahujan Samaj Party leaders for supporting the bill in both houses.Samajwadi volunteers staged a demonstration at Halsey Road and Badshahi Naqa locality. They tore hoardings of union minister Sriprakash Jaiswal and set ablaze posters of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Mayawati and BJP leaders.Gyanesh Mishra the Samajwadi leader spearheading the protest said reservation in promotion would not be tolerated. Political parties supporting the bill were conspiring against the national interest and unity, he said. He added they were now dividing the society under leadership of Congress party.The protestors held banners and posters in their hands which read 'Promotion mein aarakshan wapas lo' (Take Back Reservation in promotion). They also waved black flags in the air and set on fire party flags of Congress, BJP and BSP.Several government offices including Kanpur Development Authority and municipal corporation remained closed as employees staged strike against reservation in promotion.The angry employees said job opportunities in government sector should be open to all and those competent will beat the competition and secure a seat instead of giving reservation in promotion. They said the new law if regulated will divide the society.Similar protest was lodged by the employees of KESCO who struck work and said reservation in promotion would widen the gap between general category and SC/STs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17659537", "title": "4 months on, London Street land remains encroached", "text": "NAGPUR: The officials of Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) Laxmi Nagar zone are allowing encroachments to continue on London Street land, defying repeated orders from the standing committee and superiors. Instead, zone officials are trying to protect the encroacher by producing 'permission' from departments that have no powers to permit use of the land.Four months after the orders, the encroachment by a highly-influential contractor continues on the land even as one contractor removed his encroachment a few days ago.TOI has been highlighting encroachments on open spaces and land belonging to NMC. Encroachments for over four years on London Street project land by two contractors were exposed on August 9.To the common man, it seemed the contractors had permission to be there, since they are engaged in works related to NMC. However, TOI's investigation revealed the contractors did not have permission from authorities and were utilizing the land free of cost.The standing committee had denied a request for use of the land from the cement road project's contractor, who also offered to pay for use of the land. So, officials of Laxmi Nagar zone and estate department were well aware of the encroachments.Taking cognisance of TOI reports, additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare directed officials of estate department to inspect and initiate necessary action on August 16. But the Estate department just passed on the orders to Laxmi Nagar zone officials, who confirmed the encroachments in an inspection report. Kumbhare then passed orders to raze the encroachments within seven days, but it has not been acted upon. When he learnt of the case, municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane also gave orders for action on September 3.NMC records show zone officials razed 53 shanties that had also cropped up on the project land on September 24, followed by action on October 4 and November 1. However, no action was taken against the two contractors who have encroached on a large stretch of land.The zone officials are now showing copies of 'permission' granted to the contractors by other departments, which have no powers to give permission. The letters raise many eyebrows, as the top body, the standing committee, has refused permission to use the land.A visit reveals that contractor RM Goplani removed the encroachments on his own. Assistant commissioner of Laxmi Nagar zone GM Rathod confirmed this. \"I visited the site a few days ago after Goplani vacated the land,\" he said.The other contractor, Dilip Rathi, continues to encroach on the plot, mocking the orders. Rathod, who assumed charge at Laxmi Nagar zone recently, said engineers from his zone informed him that Rathi had permission from the water works department.Unfortunately, engineers of Laxmi Nagar zone continue to protect the contractor even after the civic chief and Kumbhare said permission from water works department was not valid. Only the estate department can give permission, with the sanction of civic chief, standing committee or general body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17658206", "title": "Cash subsidy to 1.5L LPG consumers", "text": "INDORE: Nearly 1.5 lakh LPG consumers in the three districts of Hoshangabad, Harda and Burhanpur in Madhya Pradesh will be benefited from the direct cash transfer scheme of subsidy of the union government from February 15 next year. A notification in this regard is expected to be issued in the next few days, said senior area manager Indian Oil Corporation (Indane), MP and Chhattisgarh, P C Katkar addressing the media persons here on Monday.\"After the implementation of the scheme a customer will have to pay the market price of LPG cylinder and subsidized amount on each LPG cylinder nearly Rs 360 will be credited to the given bank account of the consumer,\" Katkar said adding that possession of aadhar card will be must to get the cash subsidy. He further said that reason behind selection of these three districts is due to the high number of aadhar cards being made here.Katkar said after the notification all the LPG companies including Indane will ask its consumers in these districts to get their LPG connections linked with aadhar card by submitting a copy of the card.Meanwhile, talking about the deadline of Know-Your-Customer (KYC) form, he said this time deadline will not be extended and one will have to complete the formalities before December 31.Till now 60% people have filled their KYC forms and remaining 40% connections are not active and regular. These people might have shifted their house or would have given their connection to someone else. So most of the work related to KYC is over and remaining is expected to get over by end of the month.Emergency cellNow solutions to leakage from LPG cylinder, leakage from the hot plate and service of the hot plates are just a call away. Indane has launched an 'emergency service cell' for its MP and Chhattisgarh customers to render uninterrupted services on 24X7 pattern. Senior Area Manager of Indane, P C Katkar said consumer will have to call on 18602332222 and call centre personnel will note the details of the compliant or service required and guide the customers", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17658428", "title": "Unhappy with fare revision, bus operators threaten strike", "text": "KOLKATA: Bus operators in the state have once again expressed their dissatisfaction over the fare revision, arguing that the \"inadequate\" fare structure wasn't viable enough to continue services. They now plan to agitate at Esplanade on December 28 and might go on strike as well if their demand of an upward revision of fare is not met. The government had earlier revised the fare and then rolled it back, increasing the fare by Re 1 per stage.\"The revision, which was implemented after three and a half years, by Re 1 per stage made no sense to us. In 2009, diesel used to cost Rs 33 per litre. Now, it costs Rs 50.61. But compared to the rise in fuel price, the initial revision was a moderate one. We were still happy with the idea that we could at least break even. But the re-revision spelt doom for us,\" said one of the bus owner.According to bus operators, the re-revision meant a rise of Rs 500 in income per day. \"If we earned Rs 5,000 per day earlier, now it is Rs 5,500 to Rs 6,000. But our daily expenses remain at Rs 7,233, if you take into account all expenditures. So we are still bleeding heavily,\" said joint council of bus syndicate joint secretary Tapan Banerjee.So nearly 30% buses, which came back on the road after the first revision, have gone back to idleness as operation has become completely unviable with some exponential hike in insurance , permit fees, spare price, and road tax. \"If the government does not think of us, we have to die a natural death,\" said Banerjee.Bus drivers and conductors say they are hit hard by the decrease in number the fleet. Earlier, a driver would work 16 days a month, four round trips a day. He could earn Rs 8,000 on an average a month. But with fewer buses on the road, a driver now gets only about 10 days' work a month as owners distribute the work among all drivers. \"Last month, I got to work for only 10 days and it brought my income down by about 40%. The coming days will be worse if bus fares are not increased,\" said Uttam Haldar, a driver.It's hard on the commuters as well. There are longer waits for buses and more crowding. Even the Metro is packed beyond capacity since the fare hike. We took the Metro from Dum Dum but it was so horribly crowded that we decided to take a bus back. We have been unable to spot one for the past 20 minutes or so,\" said Subrato Ghosh at Esplanade.Even government run buses are no less affected by this re-revision. Transport PSUs like CSTC and CTC, which had so far been immune to the impact of loss thanks to subsidy from the government, are suddenly under serious stress with the money flow being curtailed. None of the transport PSUs has funds in their coffer to carry out even regular maintenance and repairing jobs. And it's worse for private bus operators. With no subsidy, an increasing number of buses are being forced to lie idle. Five transport PSUs incurred a loss of Rs 3 crore a month because of fuel price rise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17658224", "title": "Habeas corpus plea by father of girl dismissed by HC", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Monday dismissed a habeas corpus petition filed by a father of 17-year-old girl, who went missing from September 18 after eloping with her lover.The petitioner, K Kamaraj, whose 17-year-old daughter, studying first year B Com at a private college in Karur was found missing from September 18, following which he filed a complaint before the Velayudhapalayam police who registered a case but did not secure her daughter.So the father filed a petition before the high court seeking custody of her daughter, who was reportedly detained by the members of her boyfriend's family.When the matter was taken up for hearing, the additional public prosecutor (APP) R Ramachandran told the court that this was not the first occasion that the girl has eloped with her boyfriend, A Parthasarathy. On an earlier occasion too, she eloped with him.In the first instance, on a petition filed by her father to the police, the girl was traced and was handed over to him. Despite that, she allegedly eloped with her boyfriend again. Investigation revealed that there was a love affair between them and that she was illegally detained, the APP told the court.After hearing this, the court was convinced that there is no illegal detention.From the very fact that this was the second incident in which the girl has eloped with the other person, the court was convinced that there is no illegal detention. Now, effective steps are being taken by taking investigation in the right direction. In such view of the matter, no relief could be given to the petitioner in the habeas corpus petition, the court observed.Accordingly, the habeas corpus petition was dismissed with a direction to the police to expedite the investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17659279", "title": "Units selling power outside Punjab will have to pay more", "text": "PATIALA: In a setback to private power companies, Punjab State Electricity Regulatory Commission (PSERC) has decided to impose wheeling and transmission charges for electricity sold outside the state.As per the PSERC decision, Rs 1.44 would be charged per unit of power wheeled outside of Punjab by private producers.PSERC officials said that many private companies generating power through new and renewable sources of energy (NRSE) projects had signed agreements with PSPCL to supply power at cheaper rates.But later, some companies had started selling power to other states, adding to the crisis in power-deficit Punjab, said an official.Under NRSE projects, Punjab has six co-generation projects, five biomass, 24 mini hydel and nine solar projects. The annual demand for power of Punjab is 40,000 million units (MUs).\"Out of total demand of 40,000 MUs, we get 3,500 MUs from NRSE projects. But if these units start selling power to other states by giving only 2% charges, it would be a great injustice with Punjab as they use our natural resources like water, paddy stubble and remains of sugar cane,\" said director, distribution, of PSPCL, Arun Verma, while confirming the decision.PSPCL authorities had filed a petition with PSERC seeking permission to charge full wheeling and transmission charges for wheeling power, generated by NRSE projects, outside the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "singur", "code": "17658365", "title": "Rebel Singur MLA argues for out-of-court solution", "text": "SINGUR: When he was in the state cabinet, the return of 400 acres in Singur and not the Nano factory was top on his priority list. But after his fallout with Mamata Banerjee , defiant Singur MLA Rabindranath Bhattacharya wants an \"out of court settlement\" with the Tatas in the interest of the landlosers.Bhattacharya is not in the mood to toe the party line and remind the Tatas of the \"land return\" rider, unlike industries minister Partha Chatterjee. \"Let us not get into the debate over return of land to unwilling farmers any more. We were always looking for an honourable settlement. That is why our leader went to Raj Bhavan to break the impasse. I look to a similar initiative outside the court because no one knows when the legal wrangle over Singur will come to a solution,\" the Trinamool MLA from Singur said.While the Trinamool-led Krishi Jami Rakhsha Committee was busy preparing for the anniversary of Tapasi Malik - the first victim of the Singur agitation - the whole of Singur was agog over Ratan Tata's comment on the land. The outgoing Tata Sons chairman had hinted on Sunday that Singur may not be a closed chapter. \"Need not be Tata Motors. We have time until the court decides this, the plant is still there. Whether it is Tata Motors or something else,\" Tata had said.The comment sounded reassuring to the willing landlosers who refuse to give up hope on the Tata factory. \"We all gave land for the Tata project. We also went into a bargain with the state government for more compensation to persons tied to the Singur land. But we didn't want the Tatas to go. Many landlosers came to me today after watching Ratan Tata's statement on television, asking us to do something for the industry,\" said Udayan Das, convener of the Singur Shilpa Bikash Committee that had once organised a dharna in Kolkata to bring the Tatas back to Singur. The committee will again hit the streets soon, says Das.Nanda Saha, a Beraberi farmer who was trained as a machine man at the Tata-run centre in Gopalnagar, is enthused that the Tatas haven't closed the doors on Singur. \"I was a farmer and gave my land to become a machine man. I was trained and was waiting for the Nano factory when everything went wrong. Now I have nothing to fall back upon,\" Saha said.However, the land labourers at Bajemelia and Beraberi seemed quite content with the present arrangement of government doles in the form of subsidised rice and a monthly pension. \"When the Nano factory was being built, we didn't get any work. The police chased us when we went there for a day's work. We were not included in the development scheme. The new government took care of us, gave us rice and money. We are grateful to Didi and our new minister Becharam Manna,\" said Mahadeb Koley of Bajemelia. Two widows from Beraberi Purbapara - Namita Malik and Kalpana Malik - said the same. \"The Tatas gave us nothing. The government gave us rations and money,\" said Namita.Minister of state for agriculture Becharam, who is under the legal scanner for his remarks on the judiciary, was quite restrained on Monday. \"I won't comment on Ratan Tata's statement. I would only say that our party remains committed to the farmer's cause that showed the way for the entire country,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17657213", "title": "ICU shooting accused sent in judicial custody", "text": "GURGAON: In the ICU shooting case, police on Monday produced the main accused, Basant Fauji, in a city court which sent him in judicial custody. Two of the accused are still at large and a police manhunt is on.On Sunday the police recovered his licensed revolver from Fauji's house. Police have also recorded the statement of injured victim Satbeer in RML hospital, Delhi.Later, in the ICU shooting case, police arrested six accused including main accused Fauji and other five as Manjit, Kalu alias Lakhan, Manoj Singh alias Pardhan alias Aaloo, Dinesh and Raju.\"Now the total six accused are in judicial custody and we are conducting raids to nab the other two accused which are still at large. They will be arrested soon,\" said inspector Narendra Sangwan, SHO, Kherki Daula police station.Over a dozen armed men on Tuesday opened fire at Satbir Singh Raghav, a transporter, and his son Joginder alias Jony, in the ICU of Sunrise Hospital here following an old dispute over parking of commercial vehicles.The father-son duo was referred to the city's Medanta Medicity Hospital, where Joginder succumbed to injuries while Satbir was later shifted to RML Hospital, Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17659024", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcBag thief\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 traced, valuables missing", "text": "MUMBAI: A 21-year-old from Dharavi, Irshad Ahmed, was nabbed by the GRP on Sunday for possessing a bag stolen from an air hostess onboard a long-distance train recently. Cops traced the accused after tracking complainant Jaya Kanojia's stolen cellphone. The other stolen items including an iPad, Rs 9,000, a passport and 700 Singapore dollars, all worth Rs 1 lakh, have not been recovered.On December 12, Kanojia, who works for a foreign airline, boarded the Nagpur-Mumbai Duranto Express. When her bag containing valuables went missing, Kanojia alerted the ticket-checker and coach attendant. A GRP official said, \"Whenever Kanojia called on her cellphone, Ahmed would answer. He claimed a stranger handed him the bag.\"The GRP nabbed him on Sunday. He is in cop custody till December 20.The GRP is verifying Ahmed's claims and suspect that he had an accomplice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17658449", "title": "I-T search on three FIITJEE centres", "text": "BHOPAL: The Income Tax (I-T) department on Monday raided three premises of FIITJEE -- Forum for Indian Institute of Technology Joint Entrance Examination - and seized several incriminating documents pertaining to tax evasion, said sources.FIITJEE - has 52 coaching centres across the country and two overseas, in Doha and Bahrain.This action was part of pan-India search on the coaching institute.In Bhopal, the raids were conducted at its MP Nagar, Zone II and Platinum Plaza, Mata Mandir- centres besides a school - Mayur - at Ratibad area. Mayur School is run by Sandipani Charitable Trust.Reportedly, Fitjee had a tie-up with the Mayur school to start its first -global school in Bhopal. The coaching institute is likely to start four global schools, first at Bhopal and the remaining ones at Kolkata, Bangalore and Rourkela, said sources adding that the average cost of setting up the infrastructure for the Global School would be close to Rs 150 crore.The institute authorities had been roping in equity partners for investing for setting up the Global School, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17658369", "title": "Bhopal girl bags lead role in Tamil movie", "text": "BHOPAL: The teenaged city girl Kanika Tiwari has bagged a lead role in a Tamil movie. Student of class 12 of Sharda Vidhya Mandir, Kanika will be carrying her study materials along with her as she leaves for Malasiya for 34-day shoot. The entire shooting will be in the island nation from December 22 to till January 26 . Kanika is going with 70 crew members, says her mother, Madhu Tewari.A student of commerce, she will have to face her exams when she returns, she says, sounding concerned for her daughter.As and when I will get time, I will try to study also, says Kanika as she prepares for the shoot. I am a regular student and my teacher including principal Shefali Gautam is very supportive and always ready to help me in my studies. The shooting schedule in Malaysia will be of 34 days. The name of the film name is Avikumar and the Udhaya is the actor in the movie.\"I signed this film on 12. 12. 12 which is also the birth day of super star Rajanikanth\", says Kanika.I am very excited and happy that my daughter will work with well-known dance choreographer Chinni Prakash, says her mom, adding she will do three songs at different locations in Malaysia. The film is directed by Kandiban.Kanika shot into prominence from Agnipath where she played the role of sister of superstar Hrithik Roshan. She also completed a Telgu film in 2012 \"Boy meets girl - Pyaar Shuru\" . This will be release in January 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17659569", "title": "Agri, home, personal loan defaults rising: Vijaya Bank CMD", "text": "NAGPUR: Defaults in loans taken by individuals otherwise known to be safe bets are on the rise in the banking sector. These include home loans and personal loans, of which the latter are not backed by any security, which makes the lender more vulnerable to default. A similar trend is seen in agriculture loans too, said chairman of public sector undertaking Vijaya Bank Upendra Kamath.This trend has resulted in almost a quarter of the bank's gross non-performing assets (NPAs) consisting of farm loans, he said. Vijaya Bank has been a predominantly farmers bank before nationalization.Kamath was talking to newsperson at the sidelines of his maiden visit to the city. Citing figures of his bank, he said that details in personal loans taken for a wide range of purposes have risen sharply by 9.2% as against in the last year. The bank's defaults in this segment stands at Rs41 crore. Although this is a small amount, it indicates the overall situation in the economy too, he said.\"A similar trend of loan delinquencies is expected in the entire sector, though I don't have exact figures now,\" said Kamath.There has been a sharp hike in agriculture loan defaults in Vijaya Bank. Farm loan delinquencies have grown by 8.59% at Rs443 crore, making them almost one-fourth of the bank's gross non-performing assets of Rs1,897 crore. The bank has come up with a one-time settlement scheme for farm loans up to Rs10 lakh.This shows that people are not able to save enough due to the rising inflation, leading to defaults in payment of loan instalments.About a rate cut expected in the coming days, Kamath said there is little chance that the repo rate would be cut in the credit policy to be announced on Tuesday. Inflation has not reached the level desired by Reserve Bank of India (RBI). The wholesale price index-based inflation is at over 7% but a rate of 5% should be comfortable for the apex bank before the rate cuts can begin, said Kamath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17656496", "title": "RWITC elections to be held on Tuesday", "text": "MUMBAI: The 97th Annual General Meeting of the Royal Western India Turf Club (RWITC) and elections for the managing committee and board of appeal for the year 2012-13 will be held on Tuesday, December 18.While the voting will start at 2pm, the AGM will begin at 5pm with Chairman's address.There are 1,919 voting members at RWITC. These voters will elect nine committee members for which 11 candidates are in fray. Apart from sitting nine members (Vivek Jain, Shashi Chand Jain, Khushroo Dhunjibhoy, Shyam Ruia, Shivlal Daga, Champaklal Zaveri, Ram Shroff, Jaydev Modi and Geoffrey Nagpal), Major S K Lamba and Dhiraz Oza are seeking voters' nod.Elections for the two vacant seats in the Board of Appeal has four candidates, namely, Rusi Seth, Byram Jeejeebhoy, Asif Lampwala and Dhiraz Oza. Since the victory of nine sitting members of the committee is almost certain, the all important post of chairman will be decided in the committee meeting soon after the results are announced at 8.30pm. According to sources, there is a possibility of Dhunjibhoy trying to wrest the coveted post from the current chairman Vivek Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17659422", "title": "Chorus for Haj house grows, activists shifted to hospital", "text": "AURANGABAD: Activists, who had resorted to an indefinite hunger strike demanding a Haj house in Aurangabad, were shifted to the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) on Monday morning after their condition reportedly deteriorated. Looking at the growing mass support for the demand raised by the youths sitting on the strike, Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) also took out a morcha in the city to press for the construction of the Haj House.A group of five youths, Abdul Azim (30) of Kat Kat Gate, Shaikh Saeed Shaikh Mehmood (35) of Hudco, Meraj Khan Sher Khan (23), Amjad Khan (32) of Sanjay Nagar and Qazi Yaser Siddiqi (35), a teacher by profession and a resident of Beri Bagh, were sitting in front of the collectorate the on a hunger strike since December 10, to press for their long pending demand of constructing a Haj House in the city, which has not only got a green signal from the secretariat but the district administration has also received a sum of Rs 4 crores for the purpose two years ago.The City Chowk police took the preventive action and forcefully shifted the members of the Haj House Nirman Sangharsh Samiti to GMCH around 9 am on Monday. After preliminary check-ups it was found that Qazi Yaser's health condition was deteriorating, following which he was admitted to the hospital, the police said.Soon after the agitators were shifted to the hospital, the pandal was removed by the police and other material found there was seized.Speaking to TOI, Abdul Azim said, \"We have refused medical treatment and are determined to continue our indefinite hunger strike until our demand of constructing the Haj House near Shahi masjid is not fulfilled. The moment we move out of the hospital, we will go back and sit at the same site in front of the collectorate and continue our strike.\"Taking a note of the swelling mass support to the activists, political leaders across party lines started making a beeline to the pandal where the agitation was being carried out by the group of five for the past eight days.On Monday NCP agitated at the divisional commissionerate along with more than 2,000 of its party workers and demanded that the government provide land for construction of the Haj House at the earliest, failing which it will opt for a more severe action.Speaking to TOI, NCP City Unit president Vinod Patil said, \"We are serious about the demand for the construction of the Haj House in the city, which is the capital of the Marathwada region. To press for the demand, we have given an ultimatum to the administration - if the demand is not fulfilled within a span of 15 days, we will take down to roads and gherao the politicians across party lines.\"\"Our message was taken seriously by state home minister R R Patil, who has called our delegation to Nagpur on Tuesday to discuss the issue for which I, along with corporator Abhijit Deshmukh, Qaiser Khan, Ateeq Motiwala, Wajid Jagirdar and some other workers, will reach Nagpur and put forth the demand of the region,\" added Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17658957", "title": "Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti slams PCB for 'allowing' industries on agriculture land", "text": "GUWAHATI: Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) activists on Monday staged a protest in front of the state Pollution Control Board (PCB) office here and accused the board's officials of being hand-in-glove with land mafia and a section of industrialists.The KMSS slammed the PCB for granting a no-objection-certificate for setting up a brick kiln industry on a paddy field at Niz Khagata village in Nalbari district which, it said, will have an adverse impact on paddy cultivation and over 100 families living near the site. The industry got a no-objection certificate from the state PCB.The PCB promised protesters that top officials of the board will inspect the site again to asses the conditions under which the permission was granted to open the brick kiln industry at Niz Khagata.\"The case of Niz Khagata village is only an example how the PCB is helping a section of industrialists to erect industries at the cost of agricultural lands,\" said Mukut Deka, a central committee leader of KMSS.Surprisingly, the official of the PCB, who inspected the site at Niz Khagata, in his observation stated that no human habitat is seen near the site where construction of the brick kiln is going on now. On the other hand, the KMSS and other people of Nalbari district said human settlements are situated 30 ft away from the brick kiln.\"About 100 families are residing close to the brick kiln. But the PCB official, who inspected the site before granting permission of construction to the brick kiln, said no human settlement could be seen near the site. It's ridiculous,\" he added.The brick kiln industry got approval from the local administration of Nalbari district in lower Assam, but it has been facing stiff resistance from locals of the area.In a memorandum submitted to the state PCB, the KMSS urged the board to scrap the consent given to the brick kiln industry at the present site. The KMSS also urged the PCB to make public the guidelines for opening brick kilns and other similar industries.KMSS activists and locals of Niz Khagata vowed to resist destruction of agricultural land and said a movement against setting up of polluting industries in agricultural lands will be intensified across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17657295", "title": "UID 'compulsory' from January 1, but lakhs yet to be enrolled", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government has put out public notices declaring that an Aadhaar card will be compulsory from January 1 for access to every government service. The notice has left people confused for lakhs of Delhiites are yet to be enrolled under the Aadhaar programme.On Saturday, Nandan Nilekani represented the UIDAI at the launch of Delhi Government's Annshree Yojana which is cited as the first Aadhaar UID-enabled scheme. He had informed the audience that Delhi has seen an enrollment of 1.30 crore people in Delhi and of this number UID numbers have been issued to around 1.20 crore. In all Delhi has an estimated population of about 1.67 crore. Thus over 35 lakh are yet to be enrolled.The public notice put out by the department of revenue and the UIDAI states that \"Aadhaar card is compulsory from January 1 for access to every government service\". It goes on to point that Aadhaar ID will provide services like opening of a bank account, Annshree Yojana, new mobile connection, LPG connection, old age pension, BPL card and scholarship for students.When TOI sought to know from revenue secretary Dharampal how UID can be made mandatory when lakhs are yet to be enrolled, he said that when people come to the offices of the revenue district for various kinds of registrations they will be asked to furnish their UID number. \"If they don't have an ID, they will be asked to enrol. For now certain revenue services are executing this on experiment basis,\" Dharampal said.However, revenue minister Arvinder Singh, whose picture is present along with that of the chief minister on the notice, is less assertive on use of the word \"compulsory\". \"We will ask for the UID number from January 1, but since not everyone is enrolled people will not be denied a service like pension or other social security benefits that will be Aadhaar-enabled,\" Singh said. He said in the months ahead the government will make an attempt to link as many services as possible to% Aadhaar and speed up the enrollments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "17659312", "title": "Stray dogs maul 4-yr-old to death in Punjab", "text": "BARNALA: A four-year-old boy was mauled to death by a snarling pack of stray dogs in Dhaner village of Barnala district on Monday evening. By the time his body was found, near a carcass dump just outside the village, dogs had eaten away his vital organs.Arshadeep, son of a farm labourer, had been missing since afternoon and his worried father, Gurdeep Singh, approached the local gurdwara for help when he failed to return home till late in the evening. The villagers started looking for him after an announcement about the missing boy was made on the gurdwara loudspeaker.\"We were horrified to see around 10 to 12 stray dogs encircling the boy's body near the dump,\" said Manjit Singh, a villager who went searching for Arshdeep. \"We shooed away the dogs and called an ambulance and police immediately. Only, we had reached the place far too late. The boy was already dead,\" added another villager.The villagers have demanded financial assistance to the poor family from the administration. \"Stray dogs have become such a terror in the village that people avoid going towards the carcass dump at night. It should be shifted away from the village,\" said a villager.In June, Congress legislator Ajit Singh Mofar had moved a resolution in the Punjab assembly, seeking to tackle stray dogs in the state by sending them to China, Mizoram or Nagaland, for \"whatever they do to them\". He had told the House, \"We can make arrangements to catch the dogs, put them in jungle or zoos or maybe send them to China, Nagaland and Mizoram where they are more needed. Stray dogs are a big nuisance now, even going on an evening walk has become dangerous because of them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17657122", "title": "62-yr-old killed in failed robbery bid", "text": "NOIDA: A 62-year-old man was beaten to death and a 50-year-old was injured in Dadri early on Monday morning in two robbery attempts. Enraged locals blocked the Dadri railway crossing for several hours on Monday morning.Police said the first incident was reported around 1.30am, when eight to ten robbers forced their way into the house of a retired Dadri government hospital employee in in Shivghati Village. When the victim, Jagdish, and his wife, Vimla (60), tried to raise the alarm, the assailants, armed with lathis, beat Jagsih to death and injured Vimla. Their neighbours called the police but the assailants managed to flee. Jagdish was taken to the district hospital, where but was declared dead.The second incident occurred around 2.30am just a few metres away. Around eight to ten men forced their way into the house of a local businessman Vedvir, 50. The robbers beat up Vedvir, his wife and their daughter and managed to flee with Rs 60,000 in cash and jewellery worth Rs. 1.5 lakh. Vedvir and his family members were taken to the hospital and their condition is stable now, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17658440", "title": "Five-year plan in the works to revamp cyber security", "text": "NEW DELHI: In its bid to meet the growing challenge of ever-increasing threat to the virtual world, the government has set in motion a five-year project to revamp the cyber security apparatus of critical sectors in the country. India has suffered 13,000 cyber incidents in the past one year alone.The National Critical Information Infrastructure Protection Centre (NCIIPC), the nodal agency to co-ordinate cyber security operations for critical infrastructures across the country, has been entrusted with the responsibility. NCIIPC has prepared a five-year plan to revamp and integrate the cyber security apparatus of all critical infrastructures such as power, transportation, water, telecommunication and defence.The agency, which is soon to be notified, plans to set up sectoral Computer Emergency Response Teams (CERTs) that would be connected to it. It will install censors on all critical systems to give real-time information to its command and control centre about any cyber attack to formulate quick response.The government has also defined clear mandates for NCIIPC and CERT-IN, which is also engaged in cyber security of national infrastructure. NCIIPC will only look after critical sectors that have high threat perception coupled with greater dependence on computer and information technology (CIT), while other sectors will be with CERT-IN. NCIIPC will look after sectors like energy (power, coal, oil and natural gas), transportation (railways and civil aviation), banking and finance, telecom, defence, space, law enforcement and security.Functioning under the aegis of National Technical Research Organization ( NTRO), NCIIPC on Monday organized the first National Conference of Chief Information Security Officers ( CISO) of critical sectors of the government.Sources said this is part of the step to first create awareness and ensure set up of a robust security system in all critical government agencies at their own level. The task has been divided into five phases. Once agencies set up their security infrastructure it will be connected to NCIIPC. \"There are plans to open a Cyber Security Operation Centre, a 24x7 control room for real-time information and response and a National Institute of Critical Information Infrastructure Protection for training of CISOs. We will also issue daily cyber alerts,\" said NCIIPC centre director Muktesh Chander while making a presentation.Sources said this infrastructure will ensure that NCIIPC gets real-time information as soon as a cyber attack happens on any network, can quickly analyze various attacks and provide immediate response. \"If the same virus attacks different systems, we will not have to analyze them separately and formulate different responses,\" said an official.National Security Advisor ( NSA ) Shivshankar Menon, who addressed the gathering, stressed on participation of the private sector and said: \"The NCIIPC is setting up a joint working group with representatives of industry associations to bring out guidelines for protection of critical information infrastructure in India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17657304", "title": "French national with charas fined Rs 10,000", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has let off a French national caught purchasing 20g of a banned narcotic here early this year with a fine of Rs 10,000 after convicting him.Additional sessions judge M K Nagpal showed leniency to Jeremy Grasset considering that he had to care for his father -- a cancer patient -- and his newborn.The court convicted Grasset (31) under provisions of the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act after he pleaded guilty but did not award him any sentence of imprisonment, also considering his age and family background.According to the prosecution, Grasset and co-accused Abhay Chand Gupta, who had pleaded not guilty and is facing a separate trial, were caught in front of Dilli Haat in south Delhi possessing charas.Grasset, who has been living here since the past six years and is running a business, was caught purchasing 20g of charas for Rs 1,000 from Gupta in March this year. Police had received information that Gupta would be coming to the spot to supply the contraband to Grasset. Gupta would supply drugs to rave parties and addicts, theprosecution said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17657441", "title": "Heartburn cases on the rise in city", "text": "HYDERABAD: City hospitals are recording a steep rise in the number of people complaining of heartburn and acid reflux of late. Specialists who technically refer this condition as Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease (GERD) are attributing it to a high Body Mass Index (BMI) and lack of physical activity.Gastroesophageal Reflux is the return of digested food and stomach's acid content back to the oesophagus causing heartburn and nausea. Persistent heartburn, if left untreated, can cause bleeding or ulcers in the oesophagus, build up scar tissues and in extreme cases, can lead to cancer.The Asian Institute of Gastroenterology has reported a steep rise in GERD cases. \"On an average, we see 1,000 cases a month. These are due to several factors, the most important being an increasing BMI,\" said Dr D Nageshwar Rao, chairman and chief of the gastroenterology department at the hospital. Compared to rural population, the incidence is three times higher in urban areas.\"People working in night shifts, having irregular food habits and those who eat out regularly are at high risk. Around 50% of the sufferers never seek medical help,\" said Dr B Prabhakar, professor of gastroenterology, Osmania General Hospital. Out of every 100 outpatients at the department, around 30 have GERD, he added.Doctors note that poor dietary and lifestyle choices are increasingly contributing to GERD. Certain foods and beverages, including chocolate, peppermint, fried or fatty foods, coffee, or alcoholic beverages may trigger reflux and heartburn.\"Also, smoking weakens the lower oesophageal sphincter. Quitting smoking is important to reduce the GERD symptoms,\" said Dr T V L D Prasad Babu, bariatric and surgical gastroenterologist, Yashoda Hospital.The spurt in GERD cases is leading to a condition called barretts, which was not reported in India till about a decade ago, said Dr Rao. Barrett oesophagus is strongly associated with oesophageal adenocarcinoma, a lethal cancer. \"GERD is most often mistaken as a cardiac disease because patients suffer from heartburn and chest discomfort. Proper diagnosis has to be made with endoscopy because if patients take medicines for cardiac diseases, the condition will worsen,\" Dr Rao said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17658912", "title": "Meghalaya house panel seeks more women police", "text": "SHILLONG: Keeping in view the rise in crime against women in matrilineal Meghalaya, the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Committee on Empowerment of Women has said the government should increase the strength of women police in the state both in the officer and non-officer categories.Observing that delay in expediting court cases against violence, maintenance and rape leads to non-payment of monthly allowances to the victims, the committee suggested that steps be taken to expedite such cases at the earliest.The report of the committee, which was tabled in the assembly during the just-concluded winter session, also suggested that nodal woman police officers be posted in all the police stations to look into the complaints of the victimized women.\"At the same time she (nodal woman police officer) will also play the role of a counsellor for them (victims),\" the committee, headed by legislator Nimarson Momin, said.\"Adolescent health counsellors should also be present at the district levels to deal with the cases of sexual abuse and proper coordination between the police, magistrate, social welfare and health departments should be established so that early justice can be provided to the victims,\" the committee recommended.Regarding the Meghalaya Victims Compensation Scheme, 2011, the committee recommended the department concerned to create awareness and to popularize the scheme and to approach the victims for payment of compensation.\"The committee recommends enhancing the compensation and to report and see that the scheme is implemented,\" the report said.Keeping in mind the increase in the trend of domestic violence and juvenile delinquency, the committee said there should be an increase in the number of shelter homes to keep the rescued girls including women who are ill-treated by their husbands. \"Women are mostly considered as the weaker section of society and are always submitting to their male counterparts. For this reason they are always subjected to suppression and victimization,\" the report observed. \"The Constitution of India provides justice, equality, and fraternity to all mankind and disparity should be abolished or rather minimized,\" the report said.It added that the committee would like to see to it that various schemes relating to empowerment of women are judiciously implemented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "17658900", "title": "Youth thrashed, burnt to death", "text": "PANCHKULA: A 27-year old unidentified youth was thrashed and set ablaze in an open farm in Barwala, situated on the outskirts of Panchkula, on Sunday night. The man's half charred body was recovered on Monday. It has been kept in the mortuary of general hospital (GH), Sector 6, for postmortem examination.A case of murder has been registered at police station Chandi Mandir. Police said blood stains were also found in the farm. Apparently, the assailants battered the youth with blunt and sharp weapons before setting him on fire.SHO of PS Chandi Mandir inspector Satish Kumar said injury marks on the charred body were visible and the miscreants had used bundles of straw to burn the youth's body. He said there are chances that the victim was thrown on fire when he was injured.Police said the victim could be a migrant labor as the farm, in which the crime took place, was surrounded with poultry farmhouses. Labourers working in these farmhouses were summoned to identify the body.The body was recovered when a resident of nearby village, Kanwar Pal, spotted it and passed the information onto the other villages. A team of district crime branch and forensic experts also visited the site and collected samples of blood stains from there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17658497", "title": "Forgeries plague health department", "text": "GARHWA: A case of alleged forgery in the appointment of 57 employees in the district health department in connivance with the health department officials has been detected. The matter came to light after information was sought under the RTI Act that revealed the fake appointment of 51 grade III and six grade IV employees.Sources from the health department said as per the order of the state government, former Palamu commissioner had conducted an enquiry into the matter of fake appointment of the 57 health department employees in the district. After the enquiry, the commissioner wrote to the former Garhwa deputy commissioner and chief medical officer vide letter number 1442 dated 01-12-2003. The commissioner ordered them to cancel the fake appointment of all the 57 health department employees and had also recommended to lodge cases against the officials involved in the matter.However, despite the commissioner's order no action has so far been taken either against the guilty officials or against the appointed employees.Sources also said the 57 employees whose appointment was found fake during the enquiry are still in service. Many of them have availed the benefit of promotion while many have been transferred from here.Garhwa civil surgeon (CS) Raj Mohan said even though the matter of fake appointment of the district health department employees had become too old, he has sought guidelines from the state health department in this regard. \"I have asked for guidelines from the secretary of Jharkhand health and family welfare department so that action is taken against the employees,\" said the CS.\"Earlier former Garhwa CS had sought guidelines from the secretary state health department in this regard vide his letter number 1404 dated 20-12-2003. But the matter was put in cold storage,\" sources said.Meanwhile, Garhwa deputy commissioner (DC) RP Sinha while admitting the matter of fake appointment in the district health department said that the process of action would soon be started.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17658828", "title": "Young couples opting for quick, mutual divorce", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Just three years into their marriage, upwardly mobile techies Sushma and Suresh (names changed) decided to end their 'non-compatible marriage' with mutual consent. Six months after they applied for divorce, the two are now happily parted and looking forward to starting life afresh.There was no blame game, mud-slinging, hefty lawyers' fees being paid or an agonizing wait of several years for the annulment of their marriage as the quick divorce enabled the couple to get on with life\"What's the point of parting with hatred and anger and prolonging the agony of divorce by contesting it? Since we both feel it's impossible to live under the same roof as our day-to-day life had soured, we thought of separating peacefully and as soon as possible, without creating an ugly scene in court, wasting time, money and energy fighting legal battles,\" says a content Sushma.Not willing to be dragged down, couples, especially in the 25 to 35 age bracket are opting for quick, mutual consent divorces instead of getting into ugly, long-drawn legal battles. It's evident as the family court in Vizag are now getting one or two such mutual divorce cases daily as against a similar number of cases in a month earlier, say divorce lawyers.\"There is a spurt in mutual divorce cases with educated, economically-independent women coming forward to file divorce petitions as well as other cases dealing with alimony and restitution of conjugal rights,\" said advocate B Madhu.\"Out of every 10 cases of marital discord that I deal with, 2-3 are mutual consent divorces. It's a faster and hassle-free mode of divorce. Under this, both parties file for divorce petitions. They are asked to stay separately for six months, and even after six months if they still want to go forward with the divorce, both the parties are called before the judge and divorce is granted. In this, the entire divorce process can be closed within a year,\" explained advocate Jagannath Rao.Elaborating on the rising mutual consent divorces, family court advocate Anita Shalabh Jain said, \"Instead of the usual mud-slinging, criminal accusations, counter accusations and delayed legal separation that usually happens in case of one-party divorce, most young, educated couples now prefer this amicable mode of separation, which spares them an unpleasant parting and mental trauma.\"According to lawyers, in single-party divorce petitions, the onus is on the spouse filing for divorce to prove the grounds for divorce such as cruelty, desertion, changing religion and adultery. Usually, the cases go to criminal court under IPC 498A (dowry harassment), followed by the demand for maintenance and alimony, allegations and the complicated cases are dragged for years, which become traumatic not just for the couples but for their families as well.But under Section 13B of the Hindu Marriage Act, both husband and wife can file petitions for mutual consent divorce. Before filing the petition, the couple must stay separately for at least six months. Divorce is granted after six-months citing that the marriage has irretrievably broken down, and that the spouses don't have any right on each other's property or person, said Jain.Professor Ranga Rao from the department of social work, Andhra University, who also runs a family counselling centre, feels the growing economic independence of women and the changing value system in society is fuelling this trend. \"The spurt can be attributed to economic independence, stressful corporate job schedules and erosion of family values. These days both partners are independent and even minor reasons like the girl being more qualified can trigger ego clashes resulting in divorce,\" said Rao.Financially independent couples are opting for quick, mutual consent divorces instead of getting into long-drawn legal battles. The family court in Vizag is now getting one or two such mutual divorce cases daily as against a similar number of cases in a month earlier, say divorce lawyers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17658271", "title": "Monopoly led to operator\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s murder", "text": "VARANASI: It was a bid to maintain monopoly in the cable network market of about Rs 11 crore that led to the first murder in rivalry of this trade in east UP on Sunday.In the dispute of removing cable connections Pushkar Shukla, an operator of Siti cable network which works on the behalf of WWIL, was murdered in Indrapur area under Shivpur police station on Sunday morning while his brother and brother-in-law suffered serious injuries. The incident led to high drama in Maldahiya and later at Kabirchaura locality till late in the evening. A named FIR against seven persons, including Dharmendra Singh Dinu, a multi-system operator (MSO) known as Den Kashi, was lodged in this connection.Contacted, SP (City) S K Singh said \"no arrest has been made in the case so far\".When TOI contacted the entertainment tax department officials to know the nature of rivalry continuing in this trade, it came to light that there is a market of over 60,000 cable network connections in the city area where 227 cable network operators are working under two MSOs, including Den Kashi and WWIL. On an average the department collects Rs 16 lakh as entertainment tax from the cable operators every month while the monthly collection from DTH service is about Rs 32 lakhs per month. The cable network providers charge from Rs 150 to Rs 200 from each connection holder.The trade of cable network started flourishing in the city since early nineties but some dramatic changes took place in it between 2004 and 2009. In the same period Alok Parikh, who presently heads WWIL, lost his monopoly and Dinu dominated the trade. But for past few years, the group led by Parikh again intensified the bid to capture the market.ADM (City) M P Singh admitted that minor disputes of cable operators on the issue of providing service in any area had been brought to his knowledge on several occasions and it were disposed off immediately.The entertainment tax department officials said that in the license of cable network operator the area of their operation is not mentioned. During the process of compounding the provision of dividing their areas had been made, they said. This provision was made to avoid confrontation between the cable operators of different groups. The officials said that the incidents like murder in rivalry of the trade of cable network operation had taken place in the districts like Aligarh, Meerut, Lucknow and Bulandshehr in past years but such incident took place in the district for the first time, which was shocking.The annual trade of cable network in the district is estimated to be Rs 11 crore, out of which about Rs 1.92 crore goes in the kitty of entertainment tax department as entertainment tax. The fresh developments like introduction of set top boxes, which will become a must for cable connection holders by March 31, due to the policy of government of digitalization of cable network service, is considered to be major reason for increasing tussle between two groups.One killed in road mishap : Meanwhile, in Ramnagar area under the same police station Arwind (18), a native of Domari area was killed while his friend Jagarnath Yadav sustained serious injuries when a speeding truck hit their motorcycle on Narainpur road on Monday morning. Arwind died on the spot while Jagarnath was struggling for life at SSL hospital of BHU .The driver of killer truck fled from the scene leaving the vehicle abandoned.While one group is charging over Rs 800 for each set top box other MSO is selling it against the price of less than Rs 600 while the monthly charges of these groups are also different. Due to it the possibility of shifting of consumer had increased. These reasons are compelling the cable operators to stop the entry of other operator in his area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17660453", "title": "Fifth edition of \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcIndia Spells\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 is here", "text": "NEW DELHI: 'IE' or 'EI' ? 'A' or 'AE' ? It's time for young spell-cats across the country to sharpen their skills. This will be the fifth season of 'HDFC Life Spell Bee - India Spells 2013', the Indian counterpart of the highly acclaimed Scripps Spelling Bee, USA. With the theme 'Celebrate Words. Save the Language,' the spelling extravaganza will travel to 35 cities and reach out to more than 5,00,000 students. This is an initiative of the Times Group under the patronage of Scripps National Spelling Bee.The four-phase contest starts at school level. Winners then participate in a city-level final round. This year the contest will include a semifinal round after the city finals. The national finals will be telecast on Discovery. Open to students from Class V to IX, the prelims at the school level will be an MCQ (multiple-choice questions) test of 50 words. Top scorers from about 1000 schools in 33 cities will be selected for the city finals.Students can also apply online at www.spellbeeindia.in. Top scorers from the online test will also be invited to Phase II of the competition. If a student belongs to a city that is not part of Spell Bee's Phase I, they can participate by taking the online test and choosing their preferred city for participation in the second phase. The city final has three rounds; the final round is a knockout among four finalists. The winner and the runner-up qualify for the semifinals \u00e2\u20ac\u201d an online test.Students with the top 16 scores across the country will qualify for the national finals in Mumbai. The finals will be a two-round process held over three days in 'four episodes'. The 16 finalists will be divided into groups of four each. The winner from each group will move into the second round: the grand finale. The winner among the four will be declared 'Spell Bee - India Spells 2013 National Champion'. The four group winners win Rs 50,000 each and the national winner receives Rs 2,00,000 from HDFC Life. The national champion will be taken to Washington DC along with a parent and the school principal to witness the Scripps National Spelling Bee 2013. The trip will be sponsored by Radio Mirchi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17658134", "title": "Metro to offer bicycle parking space at few stations", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai metro rail is not content, it appears, with just making commuting hassle-free for residents. It plans to encourage the use of bicycles by offering park-and-ride facilities at a few of its stations.Many Delhi metro rail stations offer space for bicycle parking and have rent-a-cycle facilities to allow commuters to explore nearby localities.Chennai metro rail is planning a similar project. \"We plan to allocate parking space as it will be convenient for residents who live near stations to access trains. It will also be a healthy option. Space may be provided for bicycles at stations where park-and-ride facilities for cars and two-wheelers are planned,\" said a CMRL official.On the Koyambedu-St Thomas Mount stretch, which is scheduled to be opened by the end of next year, Ashok Nagar and Alandur stations may have space for bicycles while parking may be allowed at the St Thomas Mount suburban station where a metro rail station is to come up on the adjacent space. On the underground stretches, additional space will be available only at Central, Egmore and Nandanam stations while steps are on to ensure that space can be allotted for parking at stations like Guindy and Fort.The facility is expected to become popular when the services start because most stations will be located in the middle of premium commercial and residential areas. It will be easier for commuters in neighbourhoods like Alwarpet or R A Puram to use bicycles to access Nandanam metro station where metro will have more space because the entry and exit, bus bays and other facilities are being built on land acquired from the state government. Similarly, people in neighbourhoods near Central and Koyembedu also will benefit.Park-and-ride facilities for bicycles are being considered as a cost-effective option to bring commuters to stations as multi-storeyed parking lots for cars many not be viable near metro rail stations.All metro stations may not have space for parking bicycles as the project is being constructed using minimum private land. The use of bicycles has dipped in the city, while people who live in suburbs continue to use them as is evident from the number of bicycles at the parking lots of suburban railway stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "17657855", "title": "Cameras at Katarniaghat capture seven big cats", "text": "BAHRAICH: Almost a week into Phase-IV of monitoring big cats in the reserve, seven new tigers have been sighted in forest ranges in Katarniaghat Wildlife Sanctuary and Dudhwa Tiger Reserve.As many as 168 pairs of camera traps have been put up and 42 additional pairs are expected to be purchased by the forest department soon. Each pair has been installed across an area of 4 sq km. This has made the monitoring process more intensive compared to the sample testing method in the preceding phase when 48 pairs of camera traps had been put to use.Shailesh Prasad the field director was jubilant over the new sightings trapped on camera in Motipur and Kharkhara Ranges under Katarniaghat wildlife sanctuary which falls in the buffer zones of the reserve where tiger presence was expected least, he said, expressing hope that the area has potential to breed a tiger population.The sighting was possible due to intensity of the monitoring process, he felt, adding that there might be six to eight more tigers within this 120 sq km stretch. Sharing his optimism, sources in National Tiger Conservation Authority pointed out that the results of Phase-IV monitoring across the country would certainly be encouraging.In the third phase, limited camera traps were deployed and estimation done on the basis of results obtained from sample areas. Further, since the exercise is an annual feature, a regular tab can be maintained on status of the big cat population and there will certainly be no Sariska-like situation in future, where all tigers have been poached.The State forest department is monitoring in association with WWF.\"The entire 2,108 sq km of buffer and core can be covered more intensively. It is believed that at least 70% to 80% of the big cats present would cross the camera traps in 45 days of the monitoring period,\" said Prasad. As per the earlier estimate, presence of about 109 tigers was projected in Dudhwa. But the latest figures could vary between 140-150 tigers, said Prasad.Katarniaghat Wildlife Sanctuary is a part of the Dudhwa Tiger Reserve, and is located in Uttar Pradesh near the Indo-Nepal border, in the Terai area of Bahraich district. It covers an area of 400 km and was established in 1976.The sanctuary is now being managed along with the Dudhwa National Park and Kishanpur Wildlife Sanctuary, as part of the Dudhwa Tiger Reserve under Project Tiger of the Government of India. The Katerniaghat Forests provide strategic connectivity between tiger habitats of Dudhwa and Kishanpur in India and the Bardia National Park in Nepal . Its fragile Terai ecosystem comprises a mesmerising mosaic of sal and teak forests, lush grasslands, steaming swamps and wetlands. it is unique for the number of endangered and critically endangered species, which occur here and include the gharial, tiger, rhinocerous, Gangetic dolphin, swamp deer, Hispid hare, Bengal florican, the white-backed and long-billed vultures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17658400", "title": "Constable arrested in graft case", "text": "PUNE: The state anti-corruption bureau (ACB), Pune, on Sunday, arrested a constable attached to the Indapur police station for accepting Rs 5,000 as bribe from a transport operator.The ACB has identified the suspect as Sakharam Honaji Damse (54) of Naragaon. A complaint was lodged by Siddique Salim Kazi (30) of Ganeshnagar in Vadgaonsheri.Assistant commissioner of police (ACB) Hemant Bhat said that on December 15 Kazi's truck met with an accident near Indapur toll plaza after it was hit by a tractor and a state transport bus. Damse had conducted a panchnama of the spot after which the drivers of the bus and the tractor were released. However, Damse seized Kazi's truck and asked for Rs 25,000 from the driver to release it. The driver contacted Kazi. \"On Sunday, Damse called Kazi. After negotiations, Damse agreed for Rs 5,000. He told Kazi to come to Rajgurunagar ST stand with the money,\" Bhat said.Meanwhile, Kazi lodged a complaint with the ACB. An team led by assistant commissioner of police B M Kale, inspectors Prakash Shinde, Kanchan Jadhav and Vaishali Galande laid a trap and nabbed Damse while accepting the money at a restaurant in Rajgurunagar. An offence has been registered against Damse with the Khed police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17658186", "title": "Free for all at DRM office over railway tender", "text": "LUCKNOW: Goons of a mafia-turned-politician of eastern UP allegedly assaulted two persons on the premises of Northern Railway office at Hazratganj on Monday noon. The attack took place in broad daylight in the divisional railway office, from where top officials including DRM officiate, possibly in a display of one-upmanship of the heavyweight politician for railway tenders in eastern belt of the state. The two conflicting groups came to blows with each other reportedly over a tender of Rs 5 lakh.Mohammad Pintoo and Pradeep Srivastava, residents of Rajajipuram, went to take part in the train cleaning tender floated for Prayag Junction (Allahabad). Srivastava had been a long-time contractor with northern railways, particularly in the Pratapgarh region.In a bid to expand his reach to other railway divisions, Srivastava applied for the tender of Prayag cleaning centre. But his move irked several, including Surendra Kalia, a close aide of politician Dhananjay Singh, Bahujan Samaj Party Member of Parliament from Jaunpur. Kalia had been involved earlier too for creating ruckus at Alambagh railway office over tender in 2007.Kalia along with some unknown aides bashed the duo in front of the railway protection force personnel around 3.15 p.m. alleged Srivatava. The duo hit Pintoo with the butt of a rifle and threatened the duo with dire consequences. Pintoo sustained several injuries, including on his forehead and was rushed to Civil Hospital where doctors administered medical aid.The Kalia group had arrived in SUVs and over 20 persons were manning the entrance and exit points of the railway office, said Srivastava. Kalia and company ran riot on the railway compound for about 15 minutes as senior officials and public remained mute spectators.The matter was brought to the notice of police and first information report was registered against Kalia and his aides around 7.30 p.m. on Monday evening. The police have pressed IPC sections 323, 504, 506, and 308 against the miscreants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "17658598", "title": "Dhanbad lawyer in central excise tribunal", "text": "DHANBAD: A Dhanbad-based lawyer has been appointed as member of the Mumbai bench of Central Excise, Customs and Service Tax Appellate Tribunal.Anil Chaudhury (50) - who was selected by an interview committee of Supreme Court judges, the Union finance and the Cabinet secretaries - will function as member (judicial) of the tribunal.Chaudhury was a lawyer in the Patna high court for 12 years and later shifted to the Ranchi high court after Jharkhand was formed. He is the son of renowned income-tax advocate Shyam Sunder Chaudhury.\"This is for the first time that a lawyer from Jharkhand has been appointed to the apex tribunal of customs and central excise,\" said senior Chaudhury.Chaudhury did his schooling from Pilani (Rajasthan) and graduated in law from Kolkata. He was a member of the Dhanbad Bar for five years.Tribunal is an autonomous institution attached to the department of revenue, ministry of finance and hears appeals against orders and decisions passed under the Customs Act 1962, Central Excise Act 1944 as amended from time to time and Gold (Control) Act 1968. Lawyers with 10 years of experience and above 45 years of age are eligible to join the tribunal as judicial member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17658122", "title": "Cops go online to trace absconding minor, youth", "text": "MUMBAI: The Matunga police on Monday arrested a 21-year-old beautician on the charges of kidnapping and rape after he allegedly eloped with a minor college girl to Ahmedabad and married her. The accused will be produced before the Bhoiwada court on Tuesday.The police opened an account on a social networking site to trace the accused (name withheld). \"A friend of the 17-year-old girl told us that the accused and the minor had accounts on the social networking site,\" said the police. After confirming the youth's identity from his pictures photographs on the site, cops the police managed to get the details of a popular saloon chain, where he was employed. \"A friend of the 17-year-old girl told us that the accused and the minor had accounts on the social networking site. From the accused's profile we found out about the saloon chain where he was employed. The saloon, based in Mumbai, has branches in several other cities across India,\" said the police.The minor girl, a Matunga resident, went missing on November 1. She had left her house on the pretext of going to work. When the girl did not return till late in the evening, the girl's parents lodged a missing complaint. During the probe, the police found out through the girl's friends that she was in a relationship with the beautician, a Dharavi resident. Investigators found out that the youth too was missing since November 1.Deputy commissioner of police (zone IV) Dattatray Karale formed a team of senior inspector Suresh Parab, inspector US Karande to track down the two missing persons.The accused and the girl were brought to Mumbai on Sunday. \"After getting married to the girl in November, the beautician left his job. We visited several other branches of the saloon in various cities, but we could not find him. We then checked the accused's bank transactions, account details and we found out that he was in Ahmedabad as he had made transaction from there,\" said Karande.He has been booked under IPC section for kidnap and rape.He will be produced before the Bhoiwada court on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17657350", "title": "Excise officer held for cheating owners of wedding halls", "text": "NEW DELHI: A central excise and customs inspector was arrested along with his associate for allegedly impersonating as sales tax officer and cheating owners of wedding halls in the capital to the tune of Rs 94,000.Police said Parmod Kumar Gupta, an inspector with central Excise &amp; Customs, Meerut Division and his associate Abhishek Rai were taken into custody on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17659404", "title": "Aurangabad Municipal Corporation stand discouraging gunthewari area residents, says Shiv Sena corporator", "text": "AURANGABAD: A row over the gunthewari development localities rocked the general body meeting of the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) on Monday.Shiv Sena corporator Trimbuk Tupe has alleged that the civic administration was demoralising the residents of such localities who were voluntarily coming forward to pay regularisation charges. \"The civic officials are threatening residents that illegal floors of their houses would be demolished before giving approvals,\" he told the house.Tupe said a large number of localities came under this category where people had utilised floor space index (FSI) between 2 and 3.\"About 80 % of them had constructed houses before January 2001, but now when they are approaching the civic body to take approvals, the officials are turning them away. Officials say they would accept only 1 FSI and demolish the rest of the constructions. This approach is creating a sense of fear among the citizens,\" he said.Tupe sought clarification from the civic administration and urged its members to formulate a solution for the gunthewari development localities. \"If they would be denied drainage and other facilities, a huge population in the city would be affected. There are more than 100 localities which come under the umbrella,\" he said.In his reply, assistant municipal commissioner Deepak Kulkarni said most of the occupants had utilised more than 1 FSI. \"The areas in the 'gunthewari' development localities are densely populated. Such construction would be against the guidelines of the government. Roads are narrow, water pipelines would not sustain the burden and hence the civic officials are requesting the occupants to demolish the extra construction if they want to make it regular. However, approving the houses in the gunthewari development localities with more than 1 FSI is beyond the reach of the civic body,\" he saidThe Regional and Town Planning allows FSI of 1 in such areas, he added.Tupe said the AMC's approach would only demoralise the residents. Moreover, Tupe pointed out, the civic body was going soft with residents of gunthewari development localities who were not showing any signs of paying charges. \"On the one hand the civic body was threatening to demolish homes of those who want to pay charges and on the other hand the civic body is not taking any action against those who are not paying any charges,\" he said.There are more than 4 lakh people staying in gunthewari development localities in Aurangabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17658562", "title": "Hired womb, but mother's pangs", "text": "KOLKATA: When Hurricane Sandy ripped through America's East Coast last month, Bijoya Das (name changed) suddenly dropped everything and trembled at her home in a dingy locality of Thakurpukur, almost 15,000 km away, on the other side of the world.The boy she has not seen since the day he was born to her on New Year's Day, 2010, lives in the US with his parents who had hired Bijoya's womb.\"Their house in New York was badly damaged. I thought I would never see him again,\" she said, taking care not to refer to Jonathan as her own son. Listening to \"Jon's\" gurgling sound (that has now graduated to baby chatter) has become a habit with the 28-year-old Bengali homemaker who has a legal agreement with the New York family on severing all kinds of attachment with the child she carried in her womb.A promise she has broken time and again. \"I can't explain how I felt, thinking he might be dead in the storm. I don't know ... I keep getting these nightmares about losing him,\" Bijoya said, choking on her words.It's the second time she donated her womb for a surrogate child (the first one was a girl) born out of in-vitro fertilization. Thankfully, her legitimate daughter, nine-year-old Gargi (name changed), doesn't ask why her mother steals glances of a little boy on her mobile phone or takes international calls at odd hours.\"When I agreed to be a surrogate mother to Jon, I thought everything would be the same save the ordeal of carrying a baby for nine months. I wasn't prepared to feel this way. He seems so much a part of me. Is this naarir taan (the umbilical pull)?\" asked Bijoya.A graduate, who understood every word of the agreement she signed two years ago, she knows a surrogate mother should be devoid of any genetic link with the child. In fact, India doesn't sanctify gestational surrogacy (where the surrogate donates the ovum) lest the mother develops emotions for the child.But to make things easier for her, the US-based parents (NRI medical practitioners) have kept in touch. \"I give them a missed call and they call back so that I can hear Jon's voice,\" Bijoya smiled for the first time, looking at Jon's pictures on her cellphone. \"He takes after his father,\" she said matter-of-factly.\"Didi (Jon's mother) keeps posting his pictures on the Facebook and I download them. I know they are being rather nice. But I also must prepare myself for an eventual separation. After all, they are not bound by law to remain in contact.\" Bijoya sighed as she continued: \"In the US, a child can always choose to live with the surrogate mother. If Jon found out about his relation with me, it would only complicate things. It won't be fair to his real parents. It's best to part ways.\"Her husband, a small-time trader, nods in agreement. But the moment he left the room, Bijoya's \"separation anxiety\" returned. The fabled separation anxiety that exists between a mother and child is suddenly unbearable. Bijoya admitted she keeps awake all night, especially now that she and her husband plan to go through another surrogacy. Indian laws permit a maximum of three surrogacies for a woman.Bijoya has already been certified \"physically and mentally fit\" for her last surrogacy.Though she was \"well looked after\" by the NRI couple when Jon was in her womb, Bijoya dreads the inner turmoil and the social clarifications she would be subjected to all over again. While carrying Jon, she had managed to escape her in-laws who live in another town. Neighbours were told that Bijoya had delivered a stillborn.\"I was lucky to keep the secret,\" she said. She simply had to pretend that the baby had died. \"Neighbours were so sympathetic ... I would keep crying but they didn't know what I was going through.\" STwice, Bijoya's husband had taken her to the newborn during the one month he lived in Kolkata. \"And then he flew off to New York with his 'own' parents. I don't know if I'll ever see him again.\"A replay seems daunting for her. \"I didn't know what bereavement was. Going through it (another child loss) ... again ... I don't know,\" she said at last.For Jon, she was paid Rs 4.5 lakh. \"By donating sperm, I'd get only about Rs 30,000. Surrogacy seemed a better option.We bought land with the money. Now we need to build the house ... We could earn Rs 6 lakh. But I don't know ...\" she said. \"Is this paap (sin)?\"\"The doctor tells me this is purely a clinical process - the way people would donate their blood or kidney. I guess I have made a childless couple happy ...\" But at what cost?Experts understand the trauma she is going through. \"The act of carrying a child and giving birth, even if the mother is not biological, is bound to lead to a mother-child relationship. Though a surrogate mother has no genetic contribution, it doesn't come in the way of the relationship. It is the nine-month bond that is more important,\" said fertility expert Gautam Khastagir.He said that he does not normally recommend surrogacy due to the emotional issues involved. \"In the few cases that I have done, the surrogate mother had a difficult time overcoming the emotional bond. It is not easy for them to let go,\" Khastagir said.Psychiatrist Siladitya Ray said maternal instincts grow when a mother is carrying the child. \"It's no different in the case of a surrogate mother. She, too, goes though the same pangs and emotions that any normal mother does. The act of giving birth seals this bond. So, a surrogate mother is bound to have an emotional tie with the child,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17660595", "title": "Vaani Kapoor is Adi's new find", "text": "The newcomer has been signed by YRF head honcho Aditya Chopra opposite Sushant Singh RajputTry as they might to keep it under wraps, Yash Raj Films' big secret is out. Having launched talents like Anushka Sharma and Parineeti Chopra in the last five years, the banner's next untitled film being directed by Maneesh Sharma will serve as launch-pad for a fresh new face: model Vaani Kapoor. Vaani, who has done campaigns for both national and international brands, will star opposite Sushant Singh Rajput in the film produced by Aditya Chopra.Just how Vaani landed such a plum project is a story in itself. Apparently, she walked into Aditya's office with her portfolio, asking for a film. Taken in with her 'direct' approach, Adi, who was on the lookout for a new girl to be cast opposite Sushant, offered her the role, subject to Maneesh's approval.When Maneesh screen-tested Vaani with Sushant, \"He saw the same chemistry between them that he had seen between Anushka and Ranveer Singh in Band Baaja Baraat. Although Vaani and Sushant had never met,\" a source close to the project revealed.YRF has signed Vaani for a three-film deal and placed her under a no-media, no-public appearance contract. In a bid to keep her identity and look a secret, she was furtively flown into Jaipur for the first schedule of Maneesh's film. What's more, she was introduced to the unit not by her real name but by her reel name.What about the film's other leading lady Parineeti Chopra, who, we hear, will share quite a bit of screen space with the debutante? \"Parineeti and Vaani have equally important roles. They both have a romantic track in the plot with Sushant, though separately. In fact, they don't meet at all in the film. They are linked only by their love for Sushant's character,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17659092", "title": "Civic body extends garbage collection contract till February", "text": "NASHIK: The standing committee of Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) on Monday further extended the contract for the current contractor for garbage collection from all six divisions of the city up to February 21.The contract for collecting garbage through ghantagadi (garbage collecting vehicles) had ended on August 22. It was extended by the standing committee by four months till December 22.At the general body meeting on August 23, mayor Yatin Wagh, after a heated discussion, had asked municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare to draft a revised proposal on appointing prabhag-wise contractor to collect garbage in the city. Corporators had opposed the continuing with the existing contractor.Thereafter, the proposal of Rs 11 crore to appoint a ghantagadi contractor was tabled at the GBM on Friday. The GBM decided to appoint a division-wise ghantagadi. All the opposition parties Shiv Sena, Congress, NCP and CPM had sought for the prabhag-wise ghantagadi. But, the MNS corporators had demanded division-wise ghantagadi in the city.Accordingly, Wagh announced the division-wise ghantagadi across all six divisions of NMC- Nashik East, Nashik West, Panchavati, Nashik Road, Cidco and Satpur divisions.The NMC has its own 121 ghanta gadis and diesel for these ghantagadis is supplied by it. Only the labourers are appointed by the contractor. There are around 450 labourers working on the ghantagadis in the city. \"At this juncture, it will cost around Rs 5 crore if the NMC commences garbage collection on its own,\" a senior corporator said.As per the GBM's decision division-wise, the ghantagadi will take some time, hence the civic administration had tabled the proposal to extend the contract of the existing ghantagadi contractor by a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17658378", "title": "Three University of Pune clerks booked", "text": "PUNE: The Chatushrungi police on Monday booked three clerks from the examination department of the University of Pune for their alleged involvement in a revaluation scam.The suspects, Ashok Ranawade, Ramesh Shelar and Chetan Parbhane, are untraceable. Senior inspector Ajay Kadam told TOI that the police have launched a search for them.The police have booked the suspects under sections 409 (criminal breach of trust by public servant), 420 (cheating), 468 (forgery for purpose of cheating) and 471 (using as genuine a forged document) of the Indian Penal Code. The controller of examination of the university, Sampada Joshi, has lodged a complaint against the suspects.In October this year, the social security cell of the Pune crime branch led by Bhanupratap Barge had arrested one Gaus Shabbir Shaikh for allegedly sending proxy students to write examinations in place of others in some colleges in the city.During the interrogation, Shaikh had revealed that he also gave seat numbers and code numbers of some students who had failed in the examinations to a clerk, Salim Majid Shaikh (43), working in a city-based college. Salim would use his connections in the examination department of the university to get the students passed in the revaluation. tnnBased on the information, the cantonment police had sent a list of 22 examination seat numbers and later found that their marks were fraudulently increased in the revaluation process. Following the incident, the university had set up a three-member fact-finding committee. The committee had recommended that a case should be registered against those involved in the crime and named three clerks from the examination department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17657409", "title": "East, North corporations carry out demolition drive", "text": "NEW DELHI: The North and East corporations in its drive against unauthorized constructions demolished illegal portions of 60 properties and sealed illegal portions in 13 properties on Monday falling in Rohini, Karol Bagh and City Zones of North corporation and Shahdara (South) Zone of East corporation.Properties in Shalimar Bhagh, Pitampura, Modi Pur, Mandawali also faced action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17659131", "title": "Members open to Calicut University probe", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Nine members of the Calicut University syndicate said they are ready to face enquiry into the corruption allegation levelled against them by a section of the syndicate. They were speaking at a press conference organized at the Calicut University on Monday.The syndicate members, affiliated to the IUML and the 'I' faction of the Congress, said the three syndicate members led by R S Panikkar were making false charges against them.\"There is no basis to the charges levelled by Panikkar. Being the convener of finance standing committee, Panikkar was part himself part of the varsity selection committee,\" said syndicate member P M Niyas.Syndicate member T V Ibrahim, who is also the Malappuram district secretary of the IUML, said the party had never asked for the reconstitution of the syndicate standing committees.Syndicate members, Abraham P Mathew, K A Siraj, T P Ahmed, K V Lazar, Sainul Abid Kotta, K Girija and A Navas Jan attended the press conference.Syndicate members aligned with the A group of the Congress had alleged that the reconstitution of the standing committees was made in an undemocratic manner to pave way for corruption in the upcoming appointments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17659701", "title": "Congress leaders to chant Rahul bhajan", "text": "HYDERABAD: Perhaps realising that the excessive projection of former chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy as the sole leader from the state ended up damaging the party, the Congress high command has decided not to repeat the mistake and, instead, sing paeans to AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi ahead of the 2014 elections.The high command seems to have realised that the larger-thanlife image of YSR overshadowed the Congress national leadership, especially party president Sonia Gandhi and her heir apparent Rahul Gandhi, who is being touted as the prime ministerial candidate of the party.In a day-long meeting of the PCC executive here on Monday, it was decided that the state Congress will not project anybody as the chief ministerial candidate, party sources indicated. PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana said the party would function as a collective unit in future. \"Nobody will be projected as the leader of the state Congress in future unless warranted. The party will go ahead under a collective leadership. Our leaders are Sonia and Rahul,\" the PCC president asserted.The brainstorming session held on Sunday is the first among many state sessions where Rahul's name would be promoted and this will culminate in the AICC deliberations to be held in Jaipur on January 18-20 , party sources said. In fact, in the Sunday session, the party had wanted to give more time to the district leaders to voice their concerns about the future of the party.However, though there was apprehension that emotive issues like Telangana and YSR legacy would hijack the original objective of the session, that did not happen.Such emotive issues have the potential to undermine the image of Rahul. And any clash between Telangana and Andhra leaders would have defeated the purpose of the meeting, the party sources said.With a view to promoting Rahul as the sole Congress leader, party workers have been instructed to raise slogans praising only Sonia and her son.Even the schemes initiated by chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy were projected as the brainchild of the Congress, which is considered unusual for a party full of sycophants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17659305", "title": "Bureaucratic red tape, infra affect higher edu", "text": "PANAJI: The state government is attempting a review of syllabi for all higher education courses in collaboration with the confederation of Indian industries (CII) to make the content more relevant and graduates more employable. But the University and College Teachers' Association of Goa has serious doubts whether the infrastructure available and bureaucratic functioning of institutions will support the changes.\"Several college teachers called me recently to inquire why a refresher course was cancelled by the academic staff college at the Goa University. When I attempted to find out the reasons, I was told that the funds from the University Grants Commission had not arrived for the course,\" Sanjay Dessai, head of the university and college teachers' association said.Dessai was addressing the Goa University vice-chancellor Satish Shetye and director for higher education Bhaskar Nayak at a meeting of various higher education stakeholders to deliberate on the change in curriculum.\"After the board of studies of Goa University was reconstituted this year, I called the person heading the body to congratulate him. A-month-and-half later, I was told that the board of studies has been reconstituted yet again. And another three months later, I heard the same. I am not criticizing but I want to know how the advanced syllabi will be implemented under these conditions?\" Dessai asked.He said that much inconvenience is caused to teachers and students in many institutions as higher secondary schools and colleges occupy the same premises. \"The biometric system of attendance has now been put in place in colleges for teachers. In many places, I see the teachers waiting next to the machine for it to be 1.15pm to punch out. Some high schools and colleges use the same classrooms, so the premises have to be vacated before the higher secondary students come in,\" Dessai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17658742", "title": "CM's pilgrimage scheme begins", "text": "RAIPUR: In a move to provide free pilgrimage to senior citizens, Chief minister's Pilgrimage Plan Rules 2012 has been notified with effect from December 4.The scheme provides for financial assistance from the state for senior citizens, having state domicile, for pilgrimage outside state. The financial assistance can be availed only once by every senior citizen in their lifetime.The district collector will be choosing the beneficiaries as per the criteria laid down for the scheme. As per the rules, the 75% of the senior citizens would be chosen from rural areas and 25% from urban areas. 80% of the beneficiaries will be from below poverty line while 20% of the beneficiaries will be non-tax paying senior citizens from above the poverty line.The regulation also envisages a Chief Minister Pilgrimage State Level Committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17658991", "title": "Reservation blues are here", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you are planning to get a train ticket for a year-end retreat, you may want to rethink your plan, as the trains leading to far-off destinations in east, west and south of the country are not just full, but have long waiting lists.In all, seven trains depart from Chandigarh in these directions. The biweekly Chandigarh-Bandra superfast express has its waiting list running around maximum these days. While there is little hope of ticket confirmation in sleeper class,the scenario in AC coaches is no better. With Christmas and New Year approaching, many have booked their tickets in advance. The Indian Railways' decision to allow booking of tickets 120 days in advance has come as a blessing in disguise. While those who got tickets booked in advance utilized the facility, those who made recent plans don't stand a chance to get a confirmed ticket for next two weeks at least.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17658352", "title": "Install CCTV cameras to prevent thefts, police chief tells Pimpri Chinchwad industrialists", "text": "PUNE: Police commissioner Gulabrao Pol on Monday advised industrialists in Pimpri-Chinchwad to install CCTV cameras, employ young and capable security guards, and check the background of employees before their appointment to reduce the thefts occurring in industrial areas.Speaking at a meeting with industrialists and industry officials, Pol said, \"CCTVs will help keep a constant vigil on the happenings on the factory premises. Cameras should be installed in such a way that they cover areas like the entrance gates, the approach road and footpaths which thieves use after committing theft. The CCTV footage will be helpful for the police for conducting investigations. Industries must employ young and capable people as security guards.\"\"Thefts occur in industries during the early morning hours. The police will conduct night patrolling and visit industries. They will also check whether the security guards are awake and inform the owners about it,\" he added.The representatives of industries complained that some criminal minded people boarded trucks near Shirur, robbed the drivers and looted the goods after the trucks entered Ahmednagar district. They also complained that the industries in Talawade had to face traffic congestion due to haphazard parking in n Triveninagar.\"Public transport buses run only on the main roads. So, workers face difficulties in reaching industries in internal areas. Streetlights in some areas are non-functional. This helps criminals in committing robberies,\" one representative said.Replying to the issues raised by the industry representatives, Pol said that he will write to all the concerned departments to sort out the problems. About the robberies of employees, particularly after they get their salaries, Pol suggested that industries should directly transfer the salary of their employees to their bank accounts. Also, the industries must remove the encroachments on their land and the police will also help them in it. The industrialists must complain to the police if they get any demand of extortion, he added.Industries must give instructions to security guards to not to talk to unknown women who later indulge in theft, along with some children. The police will take action against scrap dealers who purchase stolen goods, Pol added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17658009", "title": "Samajwadi Party seeks proportionate quota for Muslims", "text": "NEW DELHI: Apparently moving to counter the push for reservation in promotion for SC/ST in government jobs, the Samajwadi Party in the Rajya Sabha on Monday demanded proportionate reservation for Muslims through a Constitutional amendment.Raising the issue during the Zero Hour, party leader Ram Gopal Yadav said the Sachar Committee in its report had pointed out that the condition of Muslims was worse than Dalits, and consequently there should a constitutional amendment to provide quota for Muslims.\"When quota in promotion (for SC/ST) can be given by amending the Constitution, then why Muslims should not be given reservation in proportion to their population through a Constitution Amendment Bill?\" Yadav asked. LJP chief Ram Vilas Paswan and RJD members supported the argument.Earlier, the issue triggered uproar in the House, with SP members rushing into the Well leading to its adjournment for 30 minutes during Question Hour.The Sachar Committee was commissioned in 2005 to prepare a report on the social, economic and educational condition of the Muslim community. It had concluded that status of Muslims is below the conditions of SCs and STs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17659458", "title": "Ryan Fernandes's death penalty converted to life", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa on Monday converted the death sentence awarded to Ryan Fernandes in the murder of Dr Shrikant Verenkar in 2005, to a life sentence.A division bench comprising Justices A P Lavande and U V Bakre reduced Fernandes' sentence as it agreed with state public prosecutor (PP) Amit Dessai that, \"it was not a rarest of rare case to award the death sentence\".Fernandes was sentenced to death by Margao sessions court in 2007, while co-accused Francisco, alias Francis Gregorio Paul D'Sa, Rajendra, alias Rajan Singh, and Sachin Parab, were given life imprisonment. The high court retained the sentence of the other three accused.Fernandes was married to Verenkar's daughter, but the couple was not living together and the marriage had failed. According to the police theory, Ryan planned the murder to get hold of Verenkar 's house and eventually his property as his father-in-law didn't have a son.Verenkar, 60, was abducted from Mangor Hill, Vasco, when on a morning walk by Fernandes and his accomplices who came in a red car on the morning of January 17, 2005. His body was discovered two days later, at an isolated spot at Remedios Hill at Cuelim, Cansaulim.The murder had created quite a sensation in the state. Vasco police nabbed the accused quickly. They were charged under Sections 120 b (criminal conspiracy), 365 (abduction), 302 (murder), and 201 (destruction of evidence).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17658209", "title": "After HC prod, railway to set up med centre at Central", "text": "CHENNAI: Waking up to the need to have a round-the-clock medical facility at the bustling Chennai Central railway station here, Southern Railway has invited expression of interest from various hospitals to establish a medicare centre, the Madras high court has been told.When a public interest writ petition citing lack of a full-fledged emergency medical care centre at the station, which handles about 200 trains and 3.5 lakh passengers daily, came up for hearing before the first bench recently, the railway counsel said the Central railway station would soon have a facility like the one in Bangalore.The bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, recording the undertaking of senior counsel for the railways R Thiagarajan, said: \"In view of the submission, we dispose of the PIL with a direction to the Southern Railway to complete the process and establish the emergency medical care centre at Chennai Central railway station, as expeditiously as possibly, preferably within three months.\"In its order, the first bench also recalled an interim order delivered by the court on November 29, 2011 wondering how the railways could not provide adequate space for a medical centre, when it was able to allocate space for book stalls, kiosks, restaurants and medical stores.The matter relates to a PIL filed by advocate A Malathi of Manappakkam, highlighting the poor medicare facilities at the railway station. She said that Central had 15 platforms to handle long-distance trains and three platforms exclusively for suburban trains. Though more than 3.5 lakh passengers frequented the station daily, there were no permanent ambulance services, she said, adding that ambulances had to be brought from Egmore or Perambur.Noting that a fraction of a second is enough to save a person battling for life, she said the railways had a social obligation to provide quality passenger amenities at all stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17657648", "title": "Allahabad University faculty appointed visiting professor in US", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Avinash C Pandey head of the department of Atmospheric and Ocean Sciences and coordinator of Nanotechnology Application Centre (NAC) of AU has been appointed visiting professor at Michigan Tech ( Michigan Technological University ), United States .In his appointment letter, the Michigan Tech mentions that Prof Pandey has been offered a non-tenure appointment as an adjunct professor in their department of Physics. Pandey is MSc (Physics, Mathematics), MTech (Computer Science), DPhil, Associate (ICTP), and Principal Investigator (PI) in more than 25 externally funded research projects at K Banerjee Centre of Atmospheric &amp; Ocean Studies, M N Saha Centre of Space Studies and Nanotechnology Application Centre.He has built at AU two distinct groups dealing with various aspects of mathematical modeling of atmosphere and ocean with special reference to oceanic system memory and non-linear chaotic system and in the area of Materials Physics and Nanoscale Science.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17658120", "title": "Fog delays trains on Delhi route by hours", "text": "LUCKNOW: The winter chill is yet to set in but the dropping temperature has already started affecting the movement of trains due to fog in some stretches on the Delhi route. Long-distance trains, mainly those originating from Bihar and UP, and passing through Delhi, continued to run late on Monday.Northern Railway (NR) rescheduled several trains to make up for their late running. The trains rescheduled were 14006 Anand Vihar-Sitamarhi Lichchvi Express; 13040 Delhi Junction-Howrah Janata Express; and, 12388 Anand Vihar-Rajender Nagar Jan Sadharan Express.Some trains ran late by more than 10 hours, which included 12539 Yeshwantpur-Lucknow Yeshwantpur Express; 14217 Allahabad-Delhi Unchahar Express; 18101 Tata Nagar-Jammu Tawi Muri Express; 12381 Howrah-New Delhi Poorva Express; 13039 Howrah-Delhi Janata Express; and, 14005 Sitamarhi-Anand Vihar Lichchvi Express.\"We're getting trains coming from Bihar and North Central Railway (NCR) behind schedule,\" said Neeraj Sharma, CPRO, NR. The trains had been running late for the past three to four days now.Since railways do not have technology to improve visibility during fog, reducing the speed of trains is the only options. Drivers have been told not to exceed 60 kmph during fog. In times when visibility reduces even further, speed can be lowered to 15 kmph.Trains running late since Sunday are 13484 Delhi-Malda Town Farakka Express; 12502 New Delhi-Guwahati Purvottar SK Express; and 12394 New Delhi-Rajender Nagar Sampoorna Kranti Express. NR has also partially cancelled some of the trains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17657899", "title": "State human rights panel defunct for 9 months now", "text": "MUMBAI: It's not just the state commission for women which has been headless for the last four years. The Maharashtra State Human Rights Commission (MSHRC), too, has been dysfunctional for nearly nine months now owing to the absence of a chairman and members.A high-ranking bureaucrat told TOI that a proposal for the appointment of MSHRC chairman and members has been lying on chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's table for a long time now. \"A panel selects the chairman and the members. Chavan was supposed to convene a meeting of the panel to make the appointments, but he hasn't been able to do so due to hectic political activity in the state. We hope the CM will take a decision at the earliest,\" said the bureaucrat.Under the rules prescribed by the Centre, a panel comprising the speaker of the Assembly, the chief minister, the home minister and leader of the Opposition in the lower House selects the chairman and members of the MSHRC. Rules stipulate that the MSHRC chairman be either a retired Supreme Court judge or the chief justice of a high court. The MSHRC has two members -one from the judiciary and the other an expert.Justice Arvind Sawant, the former chief justice of the Kerala high court, was the first chairman of the MSHRC, set up on March 6, 2001. After he quit in April 2002, Justice A D Mane held the additional charge till the appointment of Justice Kshitij Vyas, a former chief justice of the Bombay high court. Vyas quit on February 14, 2012 and the commission has since been headless. The functioning of the MSHRC came to a complete standstill after the term of one of its members, Justice V G Munshi, ended on February 28, 2012.A senior Congress minister said the government was not serious about state-level commissions. \"Be it the consumer commission, the information commission, the women's commission or the state human rights commission, the approach of successive chief ministers has been casual. Orders passed by these commissions are not taken seriously by the state government.All these commissions are in a bad shape as the government has failed to provide basic staff to them. In fact, these commissions have become a parking lot for unwanted and inconvenientstaffers,'' he said.The minister claimed that after Vyas quit, the state government approached a section of high-ranking judicial officials, but they refused to take up the assignment. \"If the orders passed by the commission are not implemented in letter and spirit, no judicial officer will be keen to take up such an assignment, particularly after working as the chief justice of a high court,'' he said.On the pendency of cases, a home department official said that of the total 54,703 cases received between March 2000 and December 17, 2012, 46,432 were disposed of and 8,271 are pending. A large number of custodial death cases are pending before the commission. \"Between 2001 and December 17, 2012, 2,914 custodial death cases were brought before the commission. While 1,843 cases were disposed of, 1,071 are still pending,'' he said.Times View: Fill up the vacancies immediatelyL eaving important agencies rudderless for so long gives us an indication of how seriously the government takes these agencies. The State Women's Commission and the State Human Rights Commission are two of the more important agencies that give victims of state callousness another forum for getting justice. The government should take these commissions more seriously if it wants to be seen as being sensitive to the plight of persons, who may have been denied what is due to them by government agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17658544", "title": "It's a win-win deal, insist doctors", "text": "KOLKATA: Despite the haze surrounding surrogacy, doctors involved in artificial reproductive technology (ART) claim that it's a win-win situation for the commissioning couple as well as the surrogate mother. So even as surrogacy continues to pose a moral question, more and more couples in Kolkata are shedding their inhibitions, said Sudarshan Ghosh Dastidar, who had assisted Subhas Mukherjee, creator of India's first test-tube baby, and was the first to conceptualise intra-uterine insemination (IUI) in India.Indeed, surrogacy is often associated with underpayment and coercion, but it is also a godsend for childless couples who have no other option. Sitting inside a fertility clinic in south Kolkata, Debjani Agarwal wept softly as she recalled how badly she has been treated for being \"infertile\". \"Two more months and I can show them my own child,\" she smiled. The 29-year-old fashion designer and her entrepreneur husband, 35-year-old Rishi (names changed on request), are expecting their first child through a surrogate.Though our country doesn't yet have legislation controlling surrogacy, Ghosh Dastidar was in the drafting committee for the National Guidelines for Accreditation, Supervision and Regulation of ART Clinics in India. The committee was set up by the ministry of health and family welfare, the Indian Council of Medical Research and the National Academy of Medical Sciences in 2005.\"A few years ago, a Japanese couple, who commissioned a surrogate baby, had a divorce even before the child was born. The Japanese government refused to grant citizenship to the child. Since then, we have introduced a new rule - foreigners seeking surrogacy should first get it certified by their respective consulates,\" said Ghosh Dastidar.His active role in creating the legal framework of surrogacy makes Ghosh Dastidar a stickler for rules, or more importantly, a firm believer in the ethics relating to the rather unorthodox practice banned in many western countries and regulated strictly by law in others. \"Our system certainly lends itself to the criticism that foreign women, unwilling to pay high western fees, happily exploit poor Indian women at a tenth of the price it would cost back home,\" said the pioneer in ART.The horrors of surrogacy are not restricted to poor payment alone. \"In cities like Ahmedabad, where surrogacy has become a major source of outsourcing and exploitation, women are made to undergo in-vitro fertilization sessions 20 to 25 times for successful impregnation,\" said Ghosh Dastidar.India makes a popular destination for surrogacy because the prevailing system avoids the legal red tape and the ill-defined surrogacy laws women face abroad. Not to mention that India, unlike some developing countries, has a fairly advanced medical system, and a hard-up population willing to make an extra buck to support their families.The system at Ghosh Dastidar's clinic is fairly advanced, yet simple. Both couples (potential surrogate mother and her husband and the commissioning parents) should undergo counselling sessions at the clinic where their physical and psychological stability is closely monitored. \"Both must have a compatible marriage, or we reject them,\" said Ghosh Dastidar. \"The surrogate mother's husband should be cooperative because she would be going for a high-risk pregnancy. The legal contract is signed only after considering all these factors,\" he said. Security money of Rs 5 lakh to Rs 7 lakh is deposited as insurance in case the surrogate mother develops complications during the pregnancy and needs intensive care.As for the treatment part, the sperm and eggs of the commissioning couple are collected, fertilized in the clinic laboratory and then injected into the uterus of the surrogate. Within 15 days, it becomes clear if the woman will conceive or not.Ghosh Dastidar has tried to lend a human touch to a concept that is otherwise based on mere economic give-and-take. He refuses to term it \"rent-a-womb\" and would call it \"donating a womb\" instead. \"The emotional pressure is too much to bear at times. There is a strong emotional side to it which gets buried when it is described commercially,\" said the doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "faizabad/lucknow", "code": "17659143", "title": "Babri masjid demolition case: Court issues warrant against SP MP, former Shiv Sena legislator", "text": "FAIZABAD/LUCKNOW: The special CBI court in Lucknow on Monday issued non-bailable warrant against Samajwadi Party MP from Qaiserganj Brij Bhushan Sharan Singh and former Shiv Sena MLA Pawan Pandey, accused in the Babri masjid demolition case, for not being present during the trial. Also, they weren't represented by their lawyers. Special judge Shashi Mauli Tripathi directed the CBI to ensure compliance of the order by December 22.Brij Bhushan Sharan Singh was BJP MP from Gonda at the time of the Babri mosque demolition in 1992. He was also a close aide of BJP leader LK Advani and VHP leader Ashok Singhal during the Ram temple movement. He is accused of having provoked karsewaks to demolish the Babri mosque.Pawan Pandey is a former Shiv Sena MLA from Akbarpur in Faizabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17658902", "title": "Not many know Chandigarh has 11 railway booking counters", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Not many in the city are aware of the total 11 railway reservation counters and mostly head to the railway station or to the Sector 17 reservation counter to book tickets.The other counters are in the post offices of sectors 47, 22, 17, PGI, Panchkula and Chandimandir. Apart from these, railway has its own reservation counters at five places, including the ones at ISBT Sector 17 and 43, in Mohali and at the high court.The railway has hardly taken measures to inform the people about the other railway counters, which could help divert the people and reduce the length of queues at two prominent booking counters. No boards have been displayed at the counters to inform people about other places they can book a ticket from.The Sector 17 counter witnesses maximum crowd as it is centrally located, unlike the railway station, located on the city outskirts.Sector 46 resident Naveen Kumar said he wasn't aware of the reservation counter at Sector 47 post office, which is hardly half a kilometer from his house. \"All I knew was that there is a counter at the ISBT-17 apart from the one at railway station. There is no information source to inform public about the presence of other counters.\"Sector 42 resident Ravneet Kaur said it is the railways' duty to spread this information among people to better manage the rush at two reservation counters known to most city residents and travelers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17659076", "title": "2-day arms display for civilians by School of Artillery", "text": "NASHIK: For the first time in its seven-decade-old history, the School of Artillery in Deolal, has decided to demonstrate the might of the Indian artillery for the public on December 28 and 31 as part of its annual fire power demonstrations at the Deolali Field Firing Ranges.Keeping security and safety aspects in mind, entry to the firing ranges will be allowed to pass holders only.The passes will be issued on a first-come-first basis on production of suitable identity proof between 9am and 2pm from December 20 to 26. They can be obtained from the demonstration cell established at station headquarters in Deolali.Army officials said it would be a curtain raiser to the actual 'Topchi' exercise to be held later in January. Earlier, the army would allow only 'known' civilians to view the fire power demonstrations at its annual programme.However, this year, it has been decided to provide an opportunity to the general public of Nashik in a bid to make them acquainted with artillery warfare.Seating arrangement for nearly 3,000 to 4,000 people has been made at the Deolali field firing ranges. Army officials said that a plethora of equipment would be on display, which will include the entire range of guns from the indigenous 120 mm Mortar, 105 mm Indian Field Gun, 105 mm Light Field Gun to the state of the art 155 mm FH 77B Bofors and 122 mm multi barrel rocket launcher GRAD BM 21 that would demonstrate their fire power capabilities.Visitors would also come across an array of new generation surveillance and target acquisition equipment like the unmanned aerial vehicles, surveillance and weapon locating radars and flying skills of army aviators in Cheetah and Chetak helicopters.Spread over thousands of acres, the School of Artillery, an important establishment of the Indian army, is still unknown to the public. It was established at Quetta in 1918 and in Kakul in 1923 (now in Pakistan) for the British Indian Army. It was shifted to Deolali on January 1, 1941.Since then it has been imparting technical training in gunnery to officers, junior commissioned and non commissioned officers of all branches of the artillery and trains army officers in artillery staff duties and the tactical handling of artillery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17659023", "title": "CBSE to help Class X pupils choose subjects", "text": "LUDHIANA: In an attempt to help students of classes IX and X to choose subjects for their senior secondary classes, the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) will be conducting Students Global Aptitude Index (SGAI) from 2013.SGAI will be conducted in February next year to provide complete counselling through psychological measures to help students opt for different streams for class XI according to their aptitude. The SGAI will assist students to know their aptitude and the questions will not be from course books but will only include psychological questions determining their aptitude.The SGAI which was started in 2011 was conducted by individual schools but the second time round in 2013, it will be conducted by the board itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17660935", "title": "Two aircraft, a chopper gutted in fire at Hyderabad airport", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two aircraft and a helicopter were gutted in a major fire at old Hyderabad airport late Monday night.There are no reports of any casualties in the fire that broke out around midnight at the maintenance shed of Andhra Pradesh Aviation Academy at the airport located in the heart of the city at Begumpet.Sources in fire services department said two Cessna aircraft of the academy and a helicopter used by the state chief minister were gutted.However, there was no official statement about the number of aeroplane destroyed.Ten fire engines battled the blaze for over four hours to bring it under control. The fire fighting personnel remained at the scene Tuesday morning to completely douse it.The airport was being used for non-commercial purpose since 2008 when the new airport became operational at Shamshabad, about 30 km from the city.Besides, the Aviation Academy, the airport is used for VIP flights, private chartered aircraft and the Indian Air Force.Mediapersons were not allowed inside the airport area and the officials were also tight lipped about the damages.However, the huge flames and explosions spread panic among people in Bowenpalli and surrounding areas in Secunderabad.Chief minister N. Kiran Kumar Reddy has ordered an inquiry by crime investigation department ( CID).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17650082", "title": "Ad agencies say no to 'Inkaar'", "text": "Inkaar is a story based in the realm of advertising world and deals with the bold and controversial theme of sexual harassment at work. Evidently the film extensively deals with sexual element in office behavior.The film starring Arjun Rampal and Chitrangda Singh was extensively shot in real advertising agencies across Mumbai, especially in companies like Leo Burnett and Grey Worldwide to showcase advertising office as it is. So, director Sudhir Mishra was planning to give both agencies a thank you slate for allowing them to use the location. Thank you slides are given to show gratitude towards the organization that helped them out during the making of the film.However, on the contrary, immediately after the trailer of Inkaar was launched, both the ad agencies have reached out to say that they don't want any branding or reference of their agency in the film. The agencies fear that any reference to them in the film would mean that their agency is somehow directly or indirectly linked to the film and would officially mean that sexual harassment in their office is rampant.The spokesperson of Inkaar says, \"We have shot extensively in advertising agencies. And Inkaar deals with sexual dynamics in an office. However the story can be set in any environment. We would speak to agencies explaining this is our way of saying thank you to them\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17659861", "title": "Government tags \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcexpiry date\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 on martyrdom", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Even as the nation celebrated Vijay Diwas on Sunday to commemorate the 41st anniversary of India's decisive military victory over Pakistan in the 1971 war, the country remains ungrateful to the fighter pilot who led the retaliatory air strike on the first day.The country has failed to honour the supreme sacrifice made by flying officer K P Muralidharan, hailing from Nilambur, who undertook a daring air raid over the Peshawar air base. As per IAF records, Muralidharan, belonging to the no. 20squadron \u00e2\u20ac\u201d The Lightnings, destroyed many hangars and airfield buildings before being shot down by Pakistani fighter jets on December 4, 1971.Pakistani pilot, wing commander (retd) Salim Baig, who shot down the Hunter aircraft flown by Muralidharan, has written eloquently of the courage displayed by Muralidharan in his memoir 'Air Battles \u00e2\u20ac\u201d December 1971 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d My Experiences.' K Rajendran Nair, a relative of Muralidharan, got a letter from the Air Force headquarters on February 14, 2011, which had a bizarre headline, 'Time limit for bravery.'The letter said though the Air Force headquarters had taken a decision to recommend Maha Vir Chakra for Muralidharan on January 26, 2010, the Central Honours and Awards Committee of the government of India turned down the recommendation citing a two-year clause which said that the act of conferring the gallantry award had to be made within two years from the 'date of act.' \"It is very absurd. Does martyrdom have an expiry date anywhere else in the world? How can the supreme sacrifice of laying down one's life for the country be measured by bureaucratic time bar,\" asks Nair.\"We don't want any benefits or compensation from the government. All we want to say is that the nation should at least honour the supreme sacrifice made by a valiant young man,\" said Nair. He added that the time limit clause for conferring the honour on him was not a proper excuse as IAF officer, squadron leader A B Devayya, was awarded Maha Vir Chakra posthumously 23 years after the 1965 war, based solely on the description of an air battle in the autobiography of a Pakistan air marshal.Belonging to the Nilambur Kovilakom, a royal family in Malappuram district, Muralidharan had a passion for flying and joined the Air Force at a young age. He was just 26 when he was assigned for the critical mission to Peshawar.Lalitha Krishnakumar, Muralidharan's sister and his only surviving blood relative, told TOI from Mysore that the family had never asked and would never plead for a medal for the martyr.\"The government should recognize the supreme sacrifice and act on its own. I feel an honour loses value if we ask for it,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17659215", "title": "Goa Mining Peoples' Front rally in Panaji today", "text": "PANAJI: People affected by the mining ban will hold a rally through Panaji on Tuesday demanding the immediate commencement of legal mining.Announcing this, the Goa Mining Peoples' Front (GMPF), a group of mining-dependent and affected people in Goa, said that the rally was necessary in view of the Supreme Court-imposed mining ban in the state.The rally will begin at the Kadamba bus stand in Panaji and will proceed along the Patto footbridge, Church road, 18th June Road, and will culminate at Azad Maidan.Christopher Fonseca, general secretary of AITUC, said a lot of people were dependent on mining. \"We know the travails and suffering of the people in mining areas,\" Fonseca said. We are concerned and sensitive about the environment and ecology, he added. Fonseca said that legal mining can be done in a scientific and sustainable manner.Fonseca refused to say how many people were expected at the rally. He said a declaration will be passed at the conclusion of the rally and the same will be placed before all authorities including the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17659005", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcTeacher\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s striptease act not harassment\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: The act of the sports teacher, who was arrested by the Bandra-Kurla Complex police on Friday, was \"undoubtedly indecent\" but did not come under the \"purview of sexual harassment\".This is stated in a report of the Women's Development Cell of the Mumbai University against two professors from the physical education department, including the head of department. The report recommends a changing room for males.A complaint was filed by a teacher against Nilesh Lohar, who walked out of the toilet in his undergarments in March. \"Lohar's behaviour of walking into the staff room in undergarments and without a shirt on is undoubtedly indecent and not in keeping with the decorum expected in a public place and of a person in his position. It shows callous disregard of the lady colleague who was in the room and has resulted in humiliating her,\" states the report.Lohar claimed that he was in shorts and that he was ready to apologize to his colleague. The report also states that the inaction of the head of department, Bapu Chougule, added to the feeling of insecurity.The cell recommended that Lohar should be given a written warning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17659543", "title": "'Government using NRHM money for votes'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Congress on Monday accused the Naveen Patnaik government of diverting central assistance under National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) for its own publicity eyeing votes.Pointing out a letter from NRHM state mission director Pramod Meherda to district collectors on December 4, OPCC president Niranjan Patnaik said, \"The government has been spending money meant for improving health condition of the poor to gain cheap publicity for electoral gains. This is highly condemnable.\"Reacting to Niranjan's allegation, health minister Damodar Rout said he will reply on the matter in the assembly. \"The assembly is in session. I will reply to the Congress allegation on the floor of the House,\" Rout said.The NRHM mission director asked the district collectors and chief district medical officers to make wide publicity of the government's free blanket scheme for the needy and beneficiaries under Madhu Babu Pension Yojana and national pension scheme. \"As you are aware, the chief minister has announced Rs 200 winter assistance each for every elderly, widow and disabled of the state...wide publicity of the assistance at the village level is required so that maximum number of people could avail benefit of the scheme,\" Meherda wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17657412", "title": "Burglars kill pet dog, loot jewels, cash", "text": "HYDERABAD: Burglars targeted three offices and two houses in Malkajgiri and made away with Rs 1 lakh worth property after killing a pet dog on Sunday night.While burglars managed to gain entry into three portions of a building located in Yadava Nagar in Malkajgiri, loss of property was reported only from one of them. On Monday morning, staff of one of the offices noticed that door locks of all the three portions were broken and alerted the building owner.The building owner immediately alerted residents and police were also informed about the incidents. \"Burglars gained entry into three portions of a building and two other houses by breaking the door locks, but property loss has been reported from only one portion belonging to N Rakesh,\" Malkajgiri sub-inspector (SI) K Janaiah said.Rakesh works at Reliance Digital Showroom in AS Rao Nagar. Police said he along with his family had gone to Uppal a few days ago to attend a function at their relative's house. To gain entry into Rakesh's house, the burglars killed his pet Pomeranian dog by hitting its head with a blunt object. After silencing the dog, the burglars broke the lock of an iron safe at Rakesh's house and escaped with three tolas of gold and Rs 5,000 icash.Based on his complaint, a case was booked under sections 457/380 (Burglary) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17659431", "title": "Oppose order notification, CM told", "text": "MYSORE: KRRS chief K S Puttannaiah on Monday urged chief minister Jagadish Shettar to prevail upon the Centre to stall the notification of Cauvery tribunal's final order, saying it will have a disastrous effect on the lives of farmers in the Cauvery delta. \"The notification will spell doom for the farmers in Cauvery basin in Karnataka,\" he claimed.Addressing reporters here, the farmer leader said the present situation is the cumulative effect of a series of \"blunders committed by the successive governments and adverse judgments delivered by courts, particularly Supreme Court\". He said the government should survey and get details of the water which has flowed into river Cauvery and how much has been let into the Bay of Bengal. According to reports, over 6,000 tmcft of water goes into the Bay of Bengal from the Cauvery basin, \"and this is a colossal waste\". \"No government has thought of preserving and stocking this water, which would automatically resolve the Cauvery issue,\" he said.He regretted the state government's alleged failure to present its case before the Supreme Court in the right perspective. \"Neither the government has presented the facts in a right perspective to apex court, nor the apex court has tried to understand the ground reality,\" he said.Puttannaiah said the recent orders of Supreme Court have reduced chief minister and Prime Minister to the level of a 'nirganti' (waterman) with both of them striving to implement the apex court orders, directing them to release water to Tamil Nadu.\"At least now, the state government should seriously think of diverting Nethravathi river and link it to rivers and dams in south Karnataka as 2,000 tmcft of water flows into Arabian Sea,\" he added", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17657522", "title": "Activists woe low conviction rate, long trials", "text": "NEW DELHI: The brutal gang rape of a physiotherapy student in a moving bus has provoked the ire of women rights activities, who blame long trials and low rate of conviction for the emboldening of anti-social elements.\"The incident is horrendous and the fact that it has happened in an area like Munirka and Vasant Vihar is a reflection of the law and order in the city. The law-and-order apparatus in big cities should be preventive rather than reactionary. The police react only after an incident has occurred,\" says Ranjana Kumari, director of Centre for Social Research.\"There is no community police patrolling or mapping of unsafe areas. Miscreants pick up anyone. What sense of security are we talking about?\" adds Kumari.\"Forget conviction, police take their own time to register cases of rape and molestation,\" says Mamta Sharma, chairperson of National Commission for Women. \"What makes things worse is the slow judicial process, where cases go on for years and witnesses tend to become hostile. Delayed justice is also injustice,\" adds Sehba Farooqui, secretary of All India Democratic Women's Association (Delhi).Experts and activists saythe need of the hour is to expedite pending cases so that faster convictions are possible. A change in mindset is also needed. \"Sexual harassment and violence in public spaces must not be tolerated,\" says UN Women South Asia's regional programme director Anne F Stenhammer.A 2010 study by Jagori and UN Women in 2010 reveals that 54% women and 69% men who see women getting harassed prefer to not get involved.Farooqui says the issue to address at the moment is the urbanization that is happening from nearby villages. \"This new class neither qualifies as the upper strata, nor the employed or rural classes,\" she says. \"They have the money to throw around and most of these crimes are a result of adventures and the use of muscle power,\" she adds.And finally, Sharma says, young men should be taught from the beginning to respect women and their mothers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17657922", "title": "Railway mishap deaths cross 2,550", "text": "MUMBAI: Five commuters died on Saturday following injuries sustained in railway mishaps, according to the government railway police ( GRP). The number of accidental deaths on the railways has crossed 2,550 till September this year, with more cases being reported on the Central line than on the Western line.Jagbahadur Meher, a senior citizen, was knocked down by a Harbour local while crossing the tracks near Airoli station at around 7 am. Dhanji Maro (26) was knocked down by a train near Mahalaxmi station around 5 pm. Around 11.35 pm, Sanjay Ravat (20), a resident of Ambewadi, was killed while crossing the tracks near Cotton Green station.Two other mishap victims succumbed to injuries on Saturday. Habib Moghal (36) had fallen off a crowded train at Govandi on the Harbour line a few days earlier. Moghal, a resident of Kamla Nagar, was pronounced dead by doctors on Saturday. Balu Patil (42), who had fallen off a running local at Karjat, died in hospital on Saturday.The railways have been undertaking measures to curb deaths on tracks. Railway protection force (RPF) personnel on the Central line, for instance, have been organizing lectures in schools and colleges to discourage students from performing stunts or leaning out of running locals. Pamphlets with graphic images of accident victims are being circulated among students. On the Western line, the RPF has conducted a study and found out which locations are more prone to accidents due to line-crossing and at what time. A list of 10 locations has been drawn up and personnel are posted there to discourage trespassing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17657532", "title": "Wannabe mommies, cut out the fat", "text": "BANGALORE: Everything seemed to be going right for Sneha, 26. She graduated and married a businessman at 22. The couple planned to have a child two years after marriage, but even four years later, Sneha (name changed) couldn't conceive.Doctors suggested that she undergo medical tests. Her uterus was in good shape, her blood pressure, sugar and cholesterol levels were normal but she weighed 104 kg and her BMI was 41, way beyond the permissible 23 (BMI between 23 and 25.1 is overweight). According to doctors, this was the hurdle.Increasing waist circumference among women or obesity during the productive age is found to be one of the major factors causing infertility among women. \"Obesity can affect the ovaries and ovulation. It can lead to irregular menstrual cycles, which can further result in weight gain and morbid obesity,\" say doctors.\"At least 60% of my patients are either overweight or obese. Infertility in women is directly related to higher BMI (Body Mass Index). Obesity, especially high abdominal weight, can create complications like irregular menstrual cycles, polycystic ovaries and diabetes in women, and can affect their fertility,\" said Dr Gaythri Karthik, consultant obstetrician and gynaecologist, Manipal Hospitals.\"A huge number of women are increasingly becoming the victim of obesity. A fast lifestyle, erratic work hours and increasing professional demands introduces several factors that lead to a woman putting on weight and gradually become obese. An overweight or obese woman faces several complications while conceiving a baby and during pregnancy,\" explained Dr Beena Jaysingh, consultant obstetrician and gynaecologist, The Cradle, Koramangala.Dr Tulip MD, consultant bariatric and laparoscopic surgeon, Vikram Hospital, who treated Sneha said: \"Fat pockets around the abdomen secrete certain hormones which create an imbalance in the functioning of ovaries and egg formation among women. It can further affect ovulation and an irregular menstrual cycle. This, in turn, will lead to further weight gain.\"She added: \"We first suggested that Sneha alter her lifestyle and diet. But her body metabolism did not allow her to lose weight fast. As a last option, she was advised to undergo bariatric surgery, which helped her lose about 40kg in 18 months. Early this year, she conceived and delivered a baby girl.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17658763", "title": "Model schools hit land barrier", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Non-availability of adequate land for model schools in three blocks of Palamu district - Pandu, Manatu and Chainpur - will further delay construction.Ten model schools have been sanctioned by the state human resource development (HRD) department for Palamu. Jharkhand HRD minister Baidyanath Ram had said the government will pull out all stops for the setting up these model schools in Palamu and other places in the state.Sources in the HRD ministry said there is a mandate of five acres of land for each of the model school and Pandu, Manatu and Chainpur have no such five-acre plot in one spread. Deputy commissioner Pooja Singhal said the review meeting on the prospects of the land, which she convened on Friday, brought to the forefront that just two acres of land is available in Pandu and the school cannot be constructed there.Singhal, however, said one high school at Pandu has in its possession six acres of land and the administration is keen to construct the model school on this plot. She also agreed there is no government land of five acres at Manatu.\"A Raiyyat (an individual possessing land) has been approached to 'donate' the five acres plot for the model school,\" said the DC. Singhal said the administration has received positive signals from the Raiyyat. However, she did not explain if the Raiyyat has set any condition for donation of land. Any donated land is first to be registered in favour of the governor of the state.Singhal also said that since five acres of government land have not been located, found or identified at Chainpur, the administration is planning to move deep into Ramgarh - which falls under Chainpur block, but has a separate police station other than Chainpur thana - where five acres of land is available for the model school to come up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17659282", "title": "Two months after complaint, Jalandhar cops finally book eve-teasers", "text": "JALANDHAR: Police finally booked two eve-teasers and arrested one of them on Monday on the complaint of a girl and her mother, two months after their first complaint to police.Police arrested main accused Pawan Kumar, but his accomplice Sonu was still at large. The arrest came after TOI highlighted the case on December 16. According to the girl's family, the accused were being shielded by husband of a woman Congress councillor, also known for his proximity to a sitting Congress MP.Pawan Kumar alias Bobby and Sonu were booked for house trespass with intention to cause hurt, assault with intention to outrage modesty of a woman, criminal intimidation and making vulgar comments. The first complaint was lodged by the girl's family on October 18 and then another complaint on December 1.The police took two weeks to register the case even as an inquiry by Model Town ACP had indicted the accused on the basis of evidence against them through his report on December 10. The matter was then referred to the district attorney (legal) after whose opinion the case was registered.In her complaint on December 1, the girl's mother had alleged that encouraged by police inaction on the earlier complaints to the police, her daughter's tormentors apart from making vulgar gestures and passing lewd remarks barged into their home on November 30 and threatened the family with dire consequences - including to abduct the girl, a class XI science student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17659060", "title": "Parents pin hopes on '2nd best' option", "text": "LUDHIANA: Following major schools releasing their admission lists for nursery, parents whose kids have still not got admission anywhere are now applying in a number of CBSE schools in the city. With some schools like Bal Bharti, giving a 'second chance' by way of a fresh round of admission in January, many parents are hopeful of their kids making it then.Sushma Singh, a resident of Civil Lines, after trying for admission for her three-year-old daughter in DPS, DAV school (B R S Nagar) and Bal Bharti and failing, is now trying other CBSE schools, which are still open for admission. She says, \"My daughter was not able to clear the interaction sessions conducted by these 'best' schools. I cannot risk wasting my child's one year, so rather than waiting for the results of the other good schools, I have applied in two other schools.\"It's not just Sushma, there are hundreds of parents who are worrying about the limited seats and tedious admission procedures. Though Sat Paul Mittal School, DAV, DPS, BCM, KVM, Bal Barti, Sacred Heart Convent are the preferred schools among parents, these have already finished their admission procedures and have displayed the lists of the selected students. Now there is a rush at schools which the parents consider to be the second best option.Authorities at Bal Barti Public School, Dugri however said, \"Starting from January 1, we will start with the second round of admissions, where parents can apply for forms for all the classes starting from nursery.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17657278", "title": "25 held for serving liquor illegally", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a first in the capital, police and the excise department have arrested over two dozen people for serving liquor brought from neighbouring states, military canteens or duty-free airport shops at weddings and parties.Most of the FIRs have been filed against high-profile Delhiites who threw parties in Golf Link, Tughlaq Lane, Aurangzeb Road and DLF Chhattarpur Farms. In most cases, the hosts were arrested and placed in jail until they got bail from court.Under the Delhi Excise Act 2009, serving liquor \"smuggled\" into Delhi from neighbouring states or obtained through means other than purchase from licensed city shops is a non-bailable offence. As per data collected from the excise department and Delhi Police, 25 people have been arrested for this offence since October 2012 till date.\"In many cases, the offender had the P-10 licence required to serve liquor but mixed the legally procured liquor with the smuggled variety,\" said a senior officer. As per FIRs, illegal liquor was being stored in cars parked outside the venue.Last year, the excise department lost revenue running into crores due to sale of smuggled liquor during this season. A special mandatory P-10A licence was introduced this year for all ticketing functions. This licence, available on payment of Rs 2 lakh, will allow serving of authentic liquor at commercial-scale parties from December 24 to December 31.The department has registered cases against Masha Restaurant and Boheme Restaurants in Hauz Khas village for serving liquor without permit.Sources said that with New Year around the corner, the excise department is gearing up to conduct more raids. The raiding teams include officers from Excise Intelligence Bureau, Delhi excise department and Delhi Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17660401", "title": "Shiv Sena finally vacates Shivaji park", "text": "MUMBAI: Exactly a month after Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's death, his public cremation site from the historic Shivaji Park was removed amidst tight security early Tuesday, a party leader said.\" Yes , early this morning , we have removed the urn containing Balasaheb's ashes and other things, and vacated the cremation site,\" senior party leader Rahul Shewale told IANS.About shifting them to an alternative location, Shewale said a decision on this would be taken later in the day.The late Thackeray, who died Nov 17, was accorded a state public funeral at Shivaji Park ground in south Mumbai.However, after the cremation, the Shiv Sena was reluctant to vacate the premises and had demanded a memorial for the late leader at the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17656916", "title": "No grudges against umpire, says Alastair Cook", "text": "NAGPUR: One saw umpire Kumar Dharmasena, who erred twice to ruin Alastair Cook's Test, speaking to the English captain after the match, probably apologizing for the mistake. Cook, however, had no hard feeling towards Dharmasena.At the press conference later, Cook said, \"Kumar's obviously a fine umpire and a lovely guy and obviously didn't mean to make mistakes. But I can't sit here and say anything because I also got lucky with a few decisions during the series.You do have to look at both sides of the coin. He's a decent guy and I am certainly not going to hold any grudges against him. It's a tough enough job.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17657985", "title": "Police chase MTC bus, nab pickpocket", "text": "CHENNAI: Travellers on board an MTC bus witnessed an action-packed scene on Monday when police chased and stopped it near Adithanar Salai in Egmore before launching a hunt for a man who had stolen a fellow traveller's wallet. Police arrested Sukla Sari from Andhra Pradesh and recovered the wallet containing 75,000.Police said Prakash Chandra Naik of Vallalar Nagar in Tambaram, who usually travels to work by train, boarded the bus on route 23C (Aynavaram-Besant Nagar) near Egmore railway station at 11.30am.When he got off at Harris Road near Egmore, he noticed that his wallet was missing. Luckily, Naik found three policemen, including sub-inspector Subramaniam, on bandobust duty. \"When he told us someone had stolen his wallet, we decided to chase the bus to see if the man was still there,\" said Subramaniam, who was posted on security duty for the protest organised by the PMK against Tasmac outlets.The policemen ran behind the bus and stopped it before it reached the next halt. They began searching the passengers on the bus. Naik alerted the team when he saw one man run out. \"When we searched the man, we found the cash-filled wallet with him. We arrested him and took him to Egmore police station,\" Subramaniam said. Naik, a manager in a private firm on Anna Salai told the police the cash in his wallet was for 'official use'.During inquiries Sari admitted to having stolen the wallet. \"We also found there was a similar case of theft pending against him in Andhra Pradesh,\" Subramanian said. After registering a case under IPC sec 379 (punishment for theft), the cash was handed over to Naik. Sari was remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17659334", "title": "College code for Ayyappa devotees draws flak", "text": "MANGALORE: The dress code of a city college that bans Ayyappa devotee students attending classes in black shawls, with beards and uncut hair drew flak from the Sri Rama Sene.Members of the Sene started a protest in front of Canara PU College here seeking permission for Ayyappa devotee students to enter classes wearing a black shawl.The issue cropped up when Rakshith Kumar Rao, a I PU student, refused to get his hair cut, shave and wanted to attend classes wearing a black shawl, the symbol of an Ayyappa devotee.Rakshith said that the principal asked him not to enter classes wearing a shawl and had asked him to cut his hair and shave. \"It is a part of our religious faith and Ayyappa vruthadharis are not supposed to cut their hair, shave till we complete our vrutha after returning from Sabarimala. The principal caught me when I was entering the class and insisted that I follow the rules. I was asked to pay a fine of Rs 100 for wearing a shawl, growing my hair and not shaving,\" he added.Sene leader Madhusudhan Urwa Store said that there are about 20 Ayyappa devotee students in the college facing a similar problem.He warned that the Sene will call for a college bandh in the district if the decision was not changed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17658940", "title": "Centre's survey on BP raises doubts", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While the Government of India's recent survey has concluded that Punjab has the lowest number of people suffering from high blood pressure in the country, the new guidelines which cardiologists will be following worldwide now has increased the cut-off range for blood pressure from 120/80mm Hg to 140/90 mm Hg. Also, at a time when prevalence of diabetes in Punjab and Chandigarh is 15% and 13% of their respective populations, the staggering low tally in blood pressure does not match with the corresponding figures of diabetics.As Dr Anil Bhansali, head of the department of endocrinology, PGI and author of the Chandigarh diabetes prevalence study done this year said, \"This sounds unreasonable unless one is talking about blood pressure only in the diabetic population. But 0.8% people suffering from high blood pressure in Punjab is not possible, considering that 15% of the population in the state is diabetic.\"Giving the study the benefit of the doubt, Dr Anoop Mishra, who is the recipient of the B C Roy award for his work in diabetes said, \"It all depends on the size of the sample and whether it is urban or rural population. It (this result) can only be on people, who have been on low salt diet.\" He added, \"It all depends on the parameters including how the blood pressure was recorded (while standing erect or lying down).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17659589", "title": "Cuttack to get two night shelters", "text": "CUTTACK: Foundation stones for two permanent night shelters at Khannagar and Sati Choura here were laid by chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Sunday.The night shelter at Khannagar will come up at a cost of Rs 25.40 lakh while the budget for Sati Choura night shelter has been fixed at Rs 35.57 lakh. The Cuttack Municipal Corporation (CMC) is planning to start construction work by next week and complete the projects within six months.\"The night shelter at Khannagar will be a single-storey structure while at Sati Choura a four-storey building will be constructed. Hudco has provided us funds for the project,\" said Lalit Mohan Das, engineer of the CMC.The night shelters will be made barrier-free. The CM also inaugurated an auditorium at Sailabala women's college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "17656413", "title": "Nalanda police recover body of elderly woman", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: Nalanda police on Monday recovered the body of an elderly woman from a field at Rahui under the same police station in Nalanda. The woman had been killed and her body dumped in a field; strangulation marks were found around the neck of the deceased.DSP (law and order) M D Qasim said the deceased, a resident of the same locality, owned a tea stall at Rahui Bazaar and had received Rs 20,000 as maturity amount from a private bank two days ago. It is assumed she was killed for the money by unidentified assailants. He said investigation into the matter had begun and soon the motive behind the killing would be known. Meanwhile, the body of the deceased was sent to district hospital, Biharsharif, for postmortem.Probe into misbehaviour: Nalanda DM Sanjay Kumar Agrawal has ordered an inquiry into the alleged misbehavior of the DFO, Prabhat Kumar with foreign tourists on Sunday. Nalanda SP Nishant Kumar Tiwari said a heated exchange took place between the DFO and the visitors' guide who wanted that the foreign guests be allowed to enter Venuvan Vihar without entry tickets as entry tickets had run out of stock. He said the department concerned has been informed about the incident.Nalanda SP took cognizance of the cases pending inquiry with the investigation officers during his recent visit to different police stations of the district. He served show cause notices to 10 investigating officers for delay in submitting reports whereas salaries of seven officers have been withheld for dereliction of duty.He also transferred several police officials while 13 SHOs have been replaced. He also awarded 10 police officers for their good work. Meanwhile, a team of police officers left Patna for forensic training on Monday. SP Nishant Kumar Tiwari said the training of officers will help them solve cases using scientific techniques.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17659539", "title": "Fate of Yogita Thakre case to be decided on Jan 17", "text": "NAGPUR: The counsel of the Thakre family submitted a written argument before the judicial magistrate first class on Monday, pleading against the closure report filed by the state Criminal Investigation Department (CID) in seven-year-old Yogita's murder case. The court is to issue a verdict in the case on January 17.It is learnt that the private counsel representing the Thakre family submitted his say regarding the CID's closure report. The report had underlined the fact that there was no prima facie case in the incident registered as murder after Kotwali police received the opinion of experts during the probe into the accidental death.Yogita's body had been discovered in a car parked inside the premises of the then BJP state president Nitin Gadkari , who is now national BJP president, on May 19, 2009. CID had begun the probe as per the high court's direction and submitted a closure report before the JMFC, which was rejected. Yogita's family has now challenged the second closure report by the state CID.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17656917", "title": "Over 69% girls married before 18", "text": "PATNA: While almost all states in the country have registered a decline in the percentage of underaged brides, Bihar heads the list of number of child marriages in the country. According to the National Family Health Survey (NFHS), about 10 million girls are married each year before the age of 18 worldwide, and one-third of them live in India. The latest available survey found 69.9% of women aged 20-24 are married or are in union before 18 years in Bihar, and almost one in five are married or in union before 15 years.As per the survey, out of this percentage, 56% lived in rural areas and almost 44% in urban households. Nearly 76% of the girls have no education.In a bid to stop the child rights abuse, the state government, in association with children from Baal Sansad, Meena Manch and Kishori Samooh functioning in government primary and upgraded middle schools along with officials from Bihar Education Project (BEP), Sarva Shiksha Abiyan (SSA) and Integrated Child Development Scheme (ICDS) recently launched child-friendly awareness materials in the form of comics focusing on flagship schemes like education, development and empowerment of children, especially adolescent girls, prevention of child marriages etc. The children present at the launch took vowed to stop child marriages in their respective areas and also campaign against it. These materials will be distributed in government schools.The state government has also realized the fact that despite 9.3% decline in the percentage of child marriages in Bihar, the progress is not sufficient to guarantee children's right to education and self-determination. In fact, it is a severe kind of child rights abuse.Executive director, State Health Society, Sanjay Kumar said, \"As far as child marriages are concerned, the scenario is grim in the state. To bring down the total fertility rate ( TFR), Bihar needs to check such marriages as they account for huge population explosion.\"\"Only global commitment, civil society movements, legislation and individual initiatives will make girls flourish in a safe and productive environment,\" said Anju Malhotra, of the Gender and Rights Section. \"We must accelerate progress and dedicate resources for girls to claim their rights and realize their full potential,\" she added.Child marriage, the NFHS notes, often results in early and unwanted pregnancies, posing life-threatening risks for girls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17657659", "title": "Antony blames IAF pilots\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 errors for accidents", "text": "NEW DELHI: Inexperience of pilots is not a major reason for Indian Air Force (IAF) accidents, defence minister A K Antony said Monday.The minister told the Lok Sabha in a statement that air accidents took place due to several reasons. \"Human error is one of them. Inexperience of pilots is not a major reason for aircraft accidents in the IAF.\"He said IAF had a comprehensive training programme, and steps had been taken to improve training of pilots based upon findings of various courts of inquiry \"to prevent accidents due to human error\".The minister said a tender had been issued to procure 56 twin engine light utility helicopters by the Indian Navy to replace Chetak and Medium Range Torpedo Carrying Helicopters.\"Upgrade of aircraft is a continuous process based upon operational requirements,\" he said. \"No upgrade programme for Su-30 aircraft is currently planned,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17658981", "title": "Chinese bells for your Christmas tree", "text": "GUWAHATI: These are festive days in the city thanks to the nip in the air and the Yuletide spirit which is bringing cheer to everyone's life. With Christmas just about a week away, the small Christian community in the city, and many non-Christians as well, are out with their shopping bags to stock up on Xmas trees, decorations, goodies and gifts.It's boom time for shops selling Christmas trees, ornaments and little Santas. This time, like Holi pichkaris and Diwali crackers, almost all the Xmas items being sold in city shops have been sourced from China. Barring a few things like balloons and some small accessories, Christmas too now comes with a Chinese tag.China is wooing Christmas shoppers with good quality accessories that offer a low-price advantage and are proving to be a hit among the buyers. Adorning the aisles of shops are Christmas accessories like Santa socks, Jesus statuettes, plastic mistletoe, shiny, multicoloured bells and baubles, singing Santa dolls, plastic turtle doves and other such items, and all manufactured in China.\"Most of the Christmas accessories in our shop are China-made. The buyers are lapping them up as we are selling high-quality products at lower prices than those made by Indian companies. The phenomenon is not concentrated to India only. A few days ago, I was interacting with some people from Australia and they also said that Chinese goods are everywhere this Christmas,\" said Lakhi K of Christian Literature Centre, a hub of Christmas accessories.But many feel Indian companies need to pull up their socks and compete with Chinese ones as they are losing the race. \"Like China, we too have cheap labour available here and should use that advantage to produce items that can compete with Chinese ones instead of allowing foreign products to take over our market,\" said David Das, a buyer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17659585", "title": "Pellet plant in deep waters", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: An industry drawing water from river Baitarani has come in for flak for taking excess amount. Activists of Keonjhar Bachao Abhijan, an outfit fighting to save the river, has alleged that Brahmani River Pellets Limited ( BRPL), is pumping out 4.5 lakh litres from Baitarani every hour to feed its plant at Kalinga Nagar. \"If one industry draws out such a huge quantity of water then farmers as well as the common man will be left without water,\" said convener of the outfit Mamata Sahu told the media on Monday.Earlier, the National Green Tribunal (NGT) had asked the state government not to allow the company to draw water from the river.The outfit has alleged that 50,000 people were displaced by the Kanpur dam being constructed near Basudevpur in Keonjhar district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17657733", "title": "Cops to find out last time missing IIT youth spoke to kin", "text": "MUMBAI: The Powai police probing the missing case of the IIT-Bombay M Tech student are trying to get details from his family members the last time they had a talk with him.\"The missing complaint was lodge two-three months ago. IIT officials were unaware when the student went missing. They realized that he is missing only when the boy's parents complained,\" said the police. Senior inspector Bajirao Bhosale said that it is three month old missing case. Police found out that the missing youth had withdrawn money from his bank account.Professor Urjit Yajnik, dean of students' welfare, said, \"We do not suspect any foul play. But we have handed over the case to the police and his parents are also aware about it.\"The 24-year-old student was doing his M Tech in computer science from the institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "17657477", "title": "Wife, brother kill man, chop body into 11 pieces", "text": "KALYAN: A 48-year-old man's wife and brother were arrested by the Titwala police on Monday for killing him, chopping his body into 11 pieces and then dumping them in a gutter.On the night of December 11, Fatima Dhuru (30), along with her brother-in-law, Parvez Dhuru (48), killed her husband Majaj. The duo, who have an illicit relationship, then chopped the body into 11 pieces and stuffed them into a gunny bag. The two dumped the gunny bag in a gutter in Titwala, 12km away from their house in Kalyan's Dhudhnaka areaThe police said that the next day, Fatima lodged a missing complaint of her husband with local Bazarpeth police to avoid being caught. The police found Majaj's body and identified him from the missing complaint.During the probe, Fatima kept changing her statements. After intense grilling, she broke down and confessed to have committed the crime with help of Parvez. The two will be produced before the Kalyan court on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17658204", "title": "Digvijaya Singh had patronized SIMI activists, dacoits: Minister", "text": "INDORE: Home minister of Madhya Pradesh Umashankar Gupta on Monday alleged that Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh was patronizing SIMI activists and dacoits while he was chief minister.He claimed that it was the BJP government that destroyed the network of SIMI in Malwa and dacoits in Chambal. \"We have taken action against the SIMI and wiped out dacoits from state,\" Gupta said adding that they are confident to come to power in state for the third consecutive time.Gupta was reacting to the statement of Digvijaya Singh in which he had alleged that BJP government of state is not acting against saffron terrorist. After the arrest of Dashrath Chaudhary-an accused in Samjhauta blast --from a village in Ujjain district by National Investigating Agency, Digvijay Singh has alleged that Samjhauta blast accused was hiding in state for a long time but the state government failed to trace him. Singh has also said that BJP government is not acting against saffron terrorist. Reacting to this Gupta said SIMI was very active during the Congress rule in state and all the terrorist attacks in country were linked to this region.Despite this no action were taken against SIMI and they were operating freely. It was the BJP government which destroyed the SIMI's network in Malwa and also ended dacoits of Chambal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17658139", "title": "Humble firewood sparked Sir Creek fire", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi raked up a controversy by writing a letter to the Prime Minister, asking him not to hand over Sir Creek - that winding channel between Gujarat and Pakistan - to the neighbouring country. But the origins of this raging dispute are rooted in, of all things, humble firewood!\"In 1908, members of the Kutch royal family arrested and clapped into handcuffs a man called Ahmed Juma, a British customs department employee from Sind, for removing a pile of firewood from the east bank of Sir Creek, without paying royalty,\" says retired BSF deputy inspector general Vishnu Datt, who studied the issue while he was posted at Gandhinagar between 2003 and 2010. While Kutch is on the southern and eastern banks of the creek, Sind is on the northern and western banks.\"Although the official was released in a few days, there were other issues too. The Zakirani Jat tribesmen had already been protesting to the Sind administration that they were paying grazing royalty to both Sind and Kutch. The Bombay government then got involved in 1911 to resolve the issue.\"This was the beginning of a dispute that has not yet been resolved.In 1914, the Bombay government passed an ambiguous resolution demarcating the border of Sind as from the head of Sir Creek to its mouth. The text of the resolution stated the deepest navigable channel of Sir Creek should be regarded as the boundary.However, when the map was drawn, the cartographers drew the border along the eastern shore. \"The boundary was marked along the bank, so as not to obscure the detailing of the winding creek on the map. This new border was implemented according to Kutch's assertion in 1924,\" says Datt.During the 1965 Indo-Pak war, fighting broke out in the Greater Rann of Kutch. Hostilities ended after both sides agreed to allow a tribunal to demarcate the borders. In 1968, a three-member UN tribunal drew the border from a point called Western Trijunction to the Western Terminus, and from there to the mouth of Sir Creek.In a paper for the Vermont Law Review, 'River Boundary Delimitation and the Resolution of the Sir Creek Dispute Between Pakistan and India', Ahmed Shah Sikandar also refers to the dispute over the pile of firewood as the initial trigger. He adds, \"While presenting their position to the tribunal, the two nations did not contest the westernmost (Sir Creek) part of the boundary of the Rann of Kutch. By avoiding addressing the Sir Creek issue, India and Pakistan actually ended up giving birth to the dispute.\" This was all because of the ambiguity of the Bombay resolution.Although the area of the creek itself is insignificant, any change in the border will affect the country's territorial sea and exclusive economic zone (EEZ) into the Arabian Sea. The EEZ extends up to 370 km into the sea from the shore.Territorial sea is the waters extending 12 nautical miles (22 km) from the shore. It is regarded as the sovereign territory of the country, although foreign ships are allowed 'innocent' passage through it.EEZ is a sea zone over which a country has special rights over exploration and use of marine resources. \"It is estimated that Pakistan could lose 2,246 square kilometres of EEZ if the deepest navigable channel of Sir Creek is delimited as the boundary,\" writes Sikandar.On the ground however the BSF has dominance over the Sir Creek and has vessels patrolling India's frontier there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17659600", "title": "Privatization of services in SCB Medical College and Hospital opposed", "text": "CUTTACK: The decision of the state government to privatize radiology and pathology services at SCB Medical College and Hospital here and 18 district headquarters hospitals in the state has not gone down well with the denizens.At a convention held on Sunday, people from all walks of life unanimously opposed the move apprehending that the practice will make health care services costly. Eminent personalities like neuro-surgeon Sanatan Rath, Justice Manoranjan Mohanty, Dr Surajit Sahoo and social activist Akshaya Das said the private organization will charge exorbitant fees from the poor patients. \"At present, patients are being charged a nominal amount for pathological tests at government hospitals, but once the service is privatized the firm will definitely hike the fees ,\" said Dr Sahoo.Denizens also expressed concern saying the move will make large number of professionally-trained students jobless in the state. \"The state government's decision to hand over the existing pathology and radiology units to Hindlabs, a private firm, will jeopardize career of hundreds of students pursuing technician courses. Most of the students get absorbed in the state-run hospitals, but once the services are privatized, the private company may not hire them,\" said Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17656484", "title": "Duler stadium to host I-League?", "text": "PANAJI: The Duler stadium in Mapusa has been identified as a stop-gap venue to host the next couple of rounds of the I-League.The Goa Football Association has told the four I-League clubs that continuing at the Nehru Stadium in Fatorda was \"out of the question\" since the contractor needs to start work on the field on an urgent basis.According to those in the know, the contractor will have to dig up the field this week itself and work on its completion will take a minimum of five months.The Tilak Maidan in Vasco is not ready as yet, leaving the clubs with no choice but to move to Duler where a new artificial turf has just been laid.\"The clubs will inspect the Duler stadium on Tuesday to see for themselves whether matches can be played. We need to check not just the field but several other facilities as well,\" said a senior club official after a meeting in the city on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17657548", "title": "Unsafe at any hour in big, bad city", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two years ago, a 25-year-old got off the Metro at Central Secretariat to hire an auto to Netaji Nagar. What happened after she left the Metro station made her decide she will never step out of her home alone again after 9pm.\"It was 8.30pm. I got off the train at Central Secretariat by mistake. I wanted to catch an auto to Netaji Nagar. While I was waiting for the auto, five men started harassing me. I tried walking away quickly but they ripped my sleeve. I boarded the nearest auto and paid him extra to drive me home,\" said the woman who works for an online portal. What saved her from worse was an oncoming ambulance which the harassers mistook for a police van and left hurriedly.Her predicament is not unique. TOI spoke to a few women in the capital who said they felt unsafe whenever they stepped out and whatever mode of transport they took.Most faced gender and sexual harassment on a regular basis, be it in the form of stalking, eve-teasing or even chasing by a group of predatory men on wheels. Many of these instances took place in broad daylight and being in a crowded place never ensured security. For example, a 24-year-old freelance writer recalled an attempt to pick her up about 1.30pm on a busy road. \"I was crossing the road at Moolchand flyover. A car braked in front of me. It had two men in it. Instead of walking ahead of the vehicle, I passed by its side and crossed the road from behind it. A few car drivers stopped. They were curious to find out what the hold-up was about. But no one protested,\" she said.Her observation of silence in the face of atrocity is corroborated by a 23-year-old management student.\"No one wants to help or get involved. When we tried asking staff at a toll booth, we got complacent responses. Yahan chale jao, wahan chale jao (Check out this place, try this other place). Instead of looking for help I'd rather use my own wits. Help does not arrive on time and the people around end up as onlookers,\" she said.She recounted how she and her three friends were chased by a Scorpio full of men on Delhi-Gurgaon road on their way to a wedding. When no one helped them, they \"decided to take a u-turn and go home\".A study conducted by Jagori and United Nations Women in the year 2010 reveals 54% women and 69% men who witness an incident of women's harassment prefer to stay uninvolved. It also states that 70% of women are harassed by the roadside, 50% inside public transport and 42% while waiting for transport.Another management professional, a 27-year-old, said she uses office transport in the evening in a bid to \"avoid autos\". \"Although I have never faced misbehaviour aboard public transport, I've heard of my friends falling victims to untoward happenings,\" she said.For a 21-year-old fashion student, it is not once that her bus-stop wait turned ugly. \"What is frustrating is that verbal protests are often interpreted as more encouragement,\" she said.(Names have been withheld on request)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17658260", "title": "Autos overcharge after fair revision", "text": "KOCHI: If autorickshaw drivers can be taken as a benchmark for greed, the city's drivers would figure right on the top.Even after recently revising the minimum auto rate to Rs 15 for 1.25km, the citizen has no respite from unscrupulous auto drivers, who have decided on Rs 20 as the minimum to be levied. This can go up to Rs 30 and meters, if you are lucky to find one, is of little use.Since the public have no clear cut idea about the hike, auto drivers are finding it easy to fleece passengers.Daily commuters who are forced to take rickshaws from outside the Ernakulam south railway station have been particularly vulnerable with autos charging Rs 30 for a trip to MG Road.\"Other than the minimum fare, no one is aware of the revised fare. Recently, when I took an auto from near the South station to Kaloor I was charged Rs 90 though the real fare is Rs 50,\" said Vikas, a resident of Kaloor.And even as autorickshaws continue in their merry ways, the motor vehicle department (MVD), traffic police and legal metrology department have done little and seem more interested in passing the buck.When TOI contacted traffic police officials, they said it was the responsibility of MVD to ensure that autos exhibit old and new fare charts prominently for the convenience of passengers.\"As we have a shortage of staff, we sought the support of traffic police and asked them to distribute fare charts and ensure that they are exhibited in rickshaws,\" said an MVD official.Though autos are required to recalibrate their meters after fare revisions, a majority of them operating in the city are yet to do the same.Auto drivers, meanwhile, complained that when they approached the legal metrology department for recalibration of meters they were informed that the department does not have enough staff for the purpose.\"It is the responsibility of the legal metrology to take steps and ensure that all meters are recalibrated after a fair revision. The new fares can be implemented only after recalibrating meters,\" said an MVD official.From January to November this year, the Ernakulam west traffic police have registered 87 petty cases for overcharging and collected Rs 8,700 as fine. It has also charged over 6,000 autos for not operating meters during the same period. Meanwhile, Traffic east police station has registered 125 cases for not operating meters in November. \"We have given orders to print over 5,000 fare charts and it will be distributed to autos soon. People are not coming forward to file complaints despite our repeated requests. They are not even asking them to run meters,\" said Muhammed Rafique V M, assistant commissioner, traffic west.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17659217", "title": "'Will request Rahul Gandhi to take up mining issue'", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC) will urge All India Congress Committee general secretary Rahul Gandhi to take up the mining issue, so that legal mining can resume in Goa as fast as possible. Gandhi is arriving in Goa on a day-long visit on December 20.Speaking to mediapersons GPCC president Subhash Shirodkar said the party will brief Gandhi about the economic crisis in the state due to the halt on mining activities.On what Gandhi could do in the issue as the matter is in the apex court, Shirodkar said before the matter is heard in court, Gandhi can instruct bureaucrats in Delhi so that the case is better presented and execution is quicker.The main purpose of Gandhi's visit is to galvanize the state Congress party. He will also meet different organizations, such as GPCC members, MLAs, candidates who lost previous elections.\"Gandhi will hold a one-on-one meeting with six different groups from 11am to 3pm at Dona Paula,\" Shirodkar said. Rahul will also attend that national student executive council meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17659640", "title": "Shahu Maharaj memorial sought in Kolhapur", "text": "NAGPUR: The second say of the winter session started on a sedate note in the state assembly with enthusiastic participation by the Opposition in the question hour. However, peace was short-lived. The last question on the issue of Chhatrapati Shahu Maharaj textile mill land in Kolhapur caused the adjournment of the house for ten minutes due to ruckus by the opposition.NCP members staged a sit-in in the well shouting slogans in support of a memorial for the benign royalty. Leader of Opposition Eknath Khadse said that if the government could proactively clear all hurdles to give prime Indu Mill land worth Rs11,000 crore in Mumbai for Ambedkar memorial, it should follow it up with one for Shahu Maharaj in Kolhapur.In rare show of unity, members cutting across party lines, forced the government to commit that it would consider allotting the defunct mill land for Shahu Maharaj memorial abandoning the proposal to set up a garment park there. Textile minister Mohd Arif (Naseem) Khan tried his best to convince the members that he was also in favour of the memorial for Shahu Maharaj, a native Kolhapur who had made huge contributions as social reformer. However, his plea that some legal hurdles hindered the proposal cut no ice with the NCP members who wanted an announcement by the minister immediately in favour of the memorial. Later the textile minister as well as deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar pacified the members assuring them that the matter would be taken up at a meeting on Tuesday with the chief minister.Later on, another issue related to a memorial came up in the lower house. During zero hour, BJP member Devendra Fadnavis moved a breach of privilege motion seeking action against the Nagpur Improvement Trust chairman for not allotting the promised 8,000 square feet plot for Sant Jagnade memorial at Nandanvan square in Nagpur. He said that all formalities for it were cleared but the transfer of plot has not been done by the NIT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17657626", "title": "All India Kisan Mazdoor Sabha flays FDI in retail", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The All India Kisan Mazdoor Sabha has condemned the approval of FDI in retail by Parliament and has called upon farmers, traders and public to oppose it. AIKMS leader Ashish Mital alleged that during the debate in Parliament, UPA leaders made false promises of economic growth based on incorrect and misleading facts, while the main opposition, BJP, put forward arguments which betrayed their actual support to the cause of FDI in retail trade. \"BJP's Sushma Swaraj spoke of going all over the world with the Prime Minister to invite FDI if it raises productivity and CPM's Basudev Acharya spoke of support to FDI if it raises productivity,\" Mital said.Juloos-e-Aza: To mourn the martyrdom of Hazrat Imam Husain, the grandson of Prophet Mohammad, Juloos-e-Aza Ya Husain procession was taken out from Azakhana Najmul Hasan, Dariyabad on Sunday. A majlis was held at Imambara Arab Ali Khan, Dariyabad, on Saturday. Ehtesham Rizvi addressed the majlis.Visit: NTPC director (Project) BP Singh visited the NTPC Rihand project. During his visit, he inaugurated generator rotor insertion of unit 6. Prior to this senior NTPC Rihand officials welcomed Singh on his arrival. He reviewed the over all progress of Rihand project in a meeting with Red (North) Sharad Anand, general manager I/C P Ramesh, HoDs and other senior officials of NTPC and BHEL .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17658747", "title": "Sack health minister, demands opposition Cong", "text": "RAIPUR: Opposition Congress on Monday demanded removal of state health minister Amar Agrawal and action against senior health department officials for having failed in the wake of repeated incidents of botched up operations at eye camps and other scandals that rocked the health department.State Congress Committee president Nandkumar Patel said in a statement that two eye camps for cataract surgeries were botched up in the last one year in which 45 people lost their eye-sight in Balod in Durg district while ten persons were likely to meet the same fate at Bagbahara in Mahasamund.Claiming that a \"coterie of vested interests\" was active in the health department, he said supply and sale of spurious drugs have increased because of the ambivalent attitude of the authorities, making the health department a citadel of corruption.He said the womb removal scam, smart card scam and the series of health scams indicated that health services have crumbled in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17660810", "title": "China detains 93 for professing doomsday", "text": "BEIJING: A total of 93 people were detained in China for spreading doomsday rumours.On Saturday, four Chinese doom-mongers, preaching through a loudspeaker to people in the streets and distributing leaflets with doomsday warnings, were detained in Chongqing.However, it did not stop members of the Almighty God Christian cult from teaching their views. Thirty-seven of them were detained Monday in northwest China's Qinghai province, according to Xinhua.\"These cult members recently latched on to the Mayan doomsday scenario to predict the sun will not shine and electricity will not work for three days beginning Dec 21.Four \"Almighty God\" members, suspected of swindling elderly people from mountainous areas were also detained in neighbouring Inner Mongolia region. They proclaimed that only \"Almighty God\" followers will survive the doomsday and urged people to join.The \"Almighty God\" requires its members to surrender their property to the group.According to local public security departments, detentions were also made in east China's Fujian province, southwest China's Chongqing municipality and Sichuan province , northwest China's Shaanxi province and central China's Hubei provinceAccording to some interpretations of an ancient Maya calendar that are rejected by mainstream science, the world is set to end on Dec 21, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17658785", "title": "Develop ports for trade relations with East Asia'", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The next decade belongs to ports and there is ample scope for creation of port facilities and infrastructure on the east coast with an estimated investment of over Rs 1.15 lakh crore to cater to India's increasing trade with East Asian nations, Visakhapatnam Port Trust (VPT) chairman Ajeya Kallam said on Monday.Rising trade with China, demand for coal to fuel power projects in eastern India may also lead to growth in east coast ports, said Kallam, while speaking at a conference on 'Ports and logistics - investment scenario and opportunities for ports and logistics sector in India' organised by the Confederation of Indian Industry here. Citing a KPMG study, Kallam said that the share of western ports is estimated to drop to 66 per cent in 2014 from 77 per cent in 2010 even as the share of eastern ports was slated to rise by as much as 11per cent in the same period to 34 per cent.Kallam said according to Maritime Agenda 2010-2020, by the year 2020, an estimated investment of Rs 3 lakh crore was set to be pumped into creating a port capacity of 3200 million tonnes. He said as part of the capacity building measure, the agenda envisages construction of a major port on the east coast at an estimated cost of Rs 7,000 crore for which Ramayapatnam in Prakasam district has been mooted by the state government for approval from the Central cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17657804", "title": "Women conductors in RSRTC given office jobs", "text": "JAIPUR: At least 40 women got jobs as bus conductors with the Rajasthan State Roadways Transport Corporation (RSRTC) buses on compassionate grounds after the death of their husbands, but none of them are working as bus conductors. Now it seems that there will not be any women bus conductors ever in the state as the RSRTC has decided to give these women jobs as clerks and other jobs.Within a few months of joining various depots across the state, these women approached the RSRTC unions and urged them to take up their matter. Senior officials of the RSRTC said that these women after joining as bus conductors between 2009 and 2010 never worked there as they did not want to do so.Raj Bihari Sharma, a union leader of the RSRTC employees union, talking to TOI on Monday said, \"After the death of their husbands as drivers or conductors, the RSRTC administration was rigid. They were told that if they want a job on compassionate grounds they will have to join as bus conductors. Since it was a source of earning bread and butter for their families, these women initially agreed and later we put it in our charter of demands to depute them in office jobs.\"\"Later, in order to demoralize them the RSRTC administration asked them to appear for the typing test for the posts of LDCs (lower division clerk) and UDCs (upper division clerk) which was not feasible. Majority of the women who got jobs after the death of their husbands were illiterate, thus we forced the administration to give them jobs as LDCs and UDCs without a typing test and we won the battle,\" Sharma added.A woman who works as LDC at the central bus stand said, \"It was difficult for me to take care of the family and also work in the field. As a bus conductor you have to do night shifts for a long journey which was not feasible for us. We are happy to get the clerical position.\"Sources added that with this kind of approach of the women the RSRTC administration has decided not to offer jobs as bus conductors to the widows of their employees who worked at the same posts.\"As per the rule only the adult son of the deceased is given the job as bus conductor on compassionate grounds. For a woman seeking job on compassionate ground whose children are below 18 years of age, we send them for office jobs,\" said a senior officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17659518", "title": "Glittering line-up for KVK 60th birthday", "text": "CUTTACK: The Kala Vikas Kendra (KVK) has produced doyens in performing arts in its 60-long-year of existence. And its diamond jubilee celebration has a glittering line-up of artistes, Kumkum Mohanty and Ratikanta Mohapatra (Oddisi), Kathak exponent Rani Karna Naik and Sohini Debanath (Kathak), Ramahari Das (Odissi vocal) and Banamali Moharana (Mardal), who will be performing during the four-day cultural event from December 20.\"KVK has played an important role in the state's cultural resurgence. It is a big occasion and we have decided to make the event grand,\" said working president of KVK Anadi Sahu. The year-long celebration will provide platform to some dying tradition of Odisha like Pala, Daskathia, Ranapa, Chhau, Jhumar, Moghul Tamasa, Ravana Chhaya and Sabda Swora. Seminar and workshops on Odissi dance and music will also be organized in various schools across the state.KVK was established by Babulal Doshi in 1952 to revive, patronize and propagate the traditional performing arts of Odisha. Eminent Odissi dancers like Sanjukta Panigrahi, Sonal Mansingh, Protima Bedi, Sujata Mohapatra have left behind their footmarks at the institute.Notwithstanding its lineage, the 500-seat auditorium of KVK has witnessed a sharp fall in the number of audience in the last couple of years, courtesy its dilapidated condition. \"As a part of the celebration, the KVK authorities have decided to renovate the entire structure at an estimated cost of Rs 42 lakh,\" Managing Trustee of the KVK, Khirod Mohanty said. Welcome arches will be erected at the institute entrance at a whooping cost of Rs 18 lakh.\"The renovation work has begun with new chairs, lights and sound system being installed to make the auditorium more attractive,\" added Sahu. The cost of other renovation works envisaged will be met from donations collected from the state government, corporate houses and industrial units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17658500", "title": "All newly-purchased VVIP aircraft to have anti-collision devices: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian Air Force (IAF) has decided that all VVIP aircraft it will procure in future will have \"anti-collision technologies\" incorporated in them, the government said on Monday.\"The type of equipment will depend on the role and operational employability of one aircraft,\" defence minister A K Antony said in a statement in the Lok Sabha.He said the IAF presently operated Embraer Executive Jets and Boeing Business Jets for VIP and VVIP duties.He said all these aircraft were equipped with Traffic Alert Collision Accordance Systems and Ground Proximity Warning Systems as anti-collision features.\"The total cost of procurement of these aircraft and the associated equipment is inclusive of the collision avoidance systems,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17658967", "title": "New choir on the block takes northeast music to higher pitch", "text": "GUWAHATI: For a long time now, the northeast has been regarded as the cradle of rock and metal music in the country, but that tag is now expanding as the region emerges as a hub of Western classical music. A large part of the credit for this change goes to choir groups from the region that are earning accolades at the national level.The Shillong Chamber Choir is already famous and has been around for quite some time. Now, with the emergence of the Ao Naga Choir, which recently performed for the President and other dignitaries at Rashtrapati Bhawan in New Delhi, the region is witnessing a transition from being the hotbed of metal to an emerging talent pool for Western classical.The Ao Naga Choir comprises around 30 musicians belonging to the Ao tribe of Nagaland residing in Delhi and its surrounding NCR region. The members are mostly university students and working professionals. The choir is a multilingual one and also sings in Latin and Swahili, a language of East Africa. Its repertoire includes spirituals, gospel songs, hymns, Ao Naga songs and choruses from opera, operetta and musicals.\"The Ao Naga Choir was formed in the year 2009 under the aegis of the Delhi Ao Baptist Church. Since then, it has grown to its present strength of approximately 30 members,\" said Lanu Yaden, founding member of the choir. Most of the members of the choir were trained abroad.On December 15, the Delhi-based Ao Naga Choir performed for the President as part of the Christmas celebrations at Rashtrapati Bhawan in the Capital. Besides the President, important dignitaries and cabinet ministers also attended the performance. They were invited to perform at Rashtrapati Bhawan and worked hard for many weeks to belt out a fabulous performance taking in 15 songs in a 45-minute set.\"It was an experimental performance encompassing different genres. The President was very happy with our singing and came up to us to congratulate us. We sing mostly a Capella (a term applied to singing without any accompaniment) and have been invited for a performance in Rome, Italy in April 2013,\" added Yaden.The choir has recently joined The Royal School of Church Music, UK as an affiliate member and as a member of the International Federation of Choral Music, USA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17658915", "title": "Chaoba is Manipur BJP chief, to fight corruption", "text": "IMPHAL: Former Union minister of state for youth affairs and sports Thounaojam Chaoba Singh has become the new president of the Manipur BJP unit and will be engineering a new logistical strategy for the saffron party to fight the 2014 Lok Sabha polls under his political wit.\"We will launch a strategic programme to fight corruption and to gear up for the forthcoming 2014 polls,\" the veteran politician said, after he was appointed the party president unopposed on Monday afternoon.Chaoba (75), who faced a life threat from a militant organization during his two-year tenure as the state BJP unit president from 2004 to 2006 before joining the regional Manipur People's Party (MPP), lauded the party's apparatus for elevating him to the post.Stating that the three basic needs of the hour - road, water and power - have been totally neglected by the government and the cause for this is deep-rooted corruption. Chaoba said the challenge ahead is to fight corruption.\"If the open-ended corruption continues to prevail, then there is no way the development in all spheres that Manipur is witnessing at present will come to the fore,\" said Chaoba, who won six times in a row from 1972 to 1995 from Nambol assembly seat in Bishnupur district and even held the post of deputy chief minister.\"The excesses committed by the state security forces are nothing but the result of high-level corruption in the police department, particularly in the recruitment process,\" he said.Like the Teachers' Eligibility Test (TET), a new recruitment system to appoint qualified candidates as teachers in government schools and to fight corruption in the education section, the government should adopt similar recruitment processes in all other departments, Chaoba said.\"The Congress-led government is encouraging corruption and we have to fight it with all out efforts by taking suggestions from our central party leaders and experts, for which a public awareness programme would be launched,\" he said.The Congress, which is losing its influence in various big states is now concentrating on garnering vote banks in small states likes Manipur and others in the northeast, Chaoba said. He added that in the 2014 parliamentary polls, the Congress would not be able to win in these states as people are rejecting their mis-governance. \"We will work hard to capture seats in both inner and outer constituencies of Manipur in the forthcoming Lok Sabha polls,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17659554", "title": "Gopalpur beach fest from Dec 24", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The Gopalpur Beach Festival will start in the famous beach resort town from December 24. Chief minister Naveen Patnaik is expected to inaugurate the five-day festival being organized by Gopalpur Beach Festival Committee, said president of the committee and Gopalpur MLA Pradeep Kumar Panigrahy.Local artistes besides those from Assam and Manipuri will also perform. Noted Odissi dancer Dona Ganguly is likely to perform on the opening day of the festival. \"The festival is meant to showcase the rich culture of Ganjam and promote tourism,\" Panigrahy said. It also supports the concept of development through culture, he added.Around Rs 23 lakh will be spent on the festival. While the culture department will contribute the lion's share, the rest will be collected from sponsors. The committee has already discussed with different departments, including police to extend their cooperation to make the festival trouble-free. At least 10 different committees were constituted for the purpose, said sub-collector (Berhampur) Ajit Mishra, who is also a member of the festival committee.Cabinet ministers and industrialists are expected to attend the beach festival. \"We will present our problems to them,\" the MLA said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17658595", "title": "AIDS body rejects Centre's condom report", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand State AIDS Control Society (JSACS) rejected the recently released Union health ministry data on condom use in 2010-11.The data states that there has been a dip of 24% in condom use. JSACS believes that not only the use but awareness of condom use has also increased, yet more needs to be done.The additional director, JSACS, Birendra Prasad, questioned the data.\"It has not made it clear whether the data is about general use of condom or the sale of condoms at medical stores. And it's also difficult to assess the level of condom use,\" said Prasad.However, he stressed on the need for bringing behavioural change in which the coordination of other departments including the Panchayati Raj members, education and media would play a major role in creating awareness.\"As far as my opinion on the use of condom is concerned, I would say that there is definitely some increase in it and awareness level has also gone up. In earlier times, people hesitated to ask for condoms at medical shops but these days the scenario has changed. Condoms are sold and purchased openly. But more needs to be done to increase the level of awareness and its use,\" he said while emphasizing on the use of condom as the only measure to prevent the deadly disease AIDS.Prasad said they do not have a separate programme for condom promotion but within the umbrella programme of prevention of HIV transmission they try to counsel people on the use of condom and its benefits. The counselling session takes place on special occasions like the AIDS Day.The additional director, although, was not able to recall the exact numbers of condoms distributed and in demand last year, but said approximately 40 lakh was needed by National AIDS Control Organisation ( NACO) and that they have been distributed in all the ART centres and government hospitals.\"Even if we go by this record then also no one can say that there has been a decline in the use of condoms in the state,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17659514", "title": "Killer manja starts to strike, commuter hurt", "text": "SURAT: It is still a month to go for Uttrayan festival, but it is common to find children and youngsters in the diamond city on their rooftops flying kites. However, the kites have already started to hurt innocent birds and commuters.The first incident of serious injury due to the razor-sharp kite thread was reported in the city on Sunday evening. Luckily, the victim was rescued as a Fire Brigade vehicle was passing on the same road and he was immediately shifted to a nearby hospital.As per details, 40-year-old Prakash Thakore, a SMC employee, was passing over the flyover on Ring Road near Sub-Jail when a kite threat slit his throat, causing him to fall off his motorcycle.Since it was a Sunday there was not much traffic. The fire officials took a profusely bleeding Thakore to Nirmal Hospital.Every year more than 500 birds and dozens of commuters in the city are severely hurt this way ahead of the Uttrayan on January 14. While most of the birds die due to severe injuries, others are rescued by animal welfare organizations.Darshan Desai of Prayas, an NGO working for birds and animals, told TOI, \"The Uttrayan festival starts a month early in the city as many children and youngsters love to fly kites. But the razor-sharp thread is threatening the lives of birds and human beings alike. We are creating awareness among youngsters to be careful while flying kites.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17657390", "title": "Professor kills wife for insulting him", "text": "CHENNAI: Taunted over his finances by his wife for most part of the 14 years they had been married, a 41-year-old professor described by his students as mild-mannered, killed the 38-year-old woman in their apartment complex in Thangam Colony, Thirumangalam, early on Monday.Investigators said they arrested V Kannan, head of department of business management at RMK Engineering College in Kavaraipettai on the outskirts of the city, for the murder of Mohanammbal. The couple's 13-year-old daughter is in the custody of a family friend.Kannan, who holds a PhD, told police officers that he killed his wife in a rage-fuelled attack following an argument because he could not take her insults any longer. \"Mohanammbal was from an affluent family and repeatedly abused him for not earning enough money to pay for the lifestyle she wanted,\" said Thirumangalam inspector Siva Kumar.He said Kannan and Mohanammbal, who did a diploma in computer applications, had, after many years of discord, come to the conclusion that they were not made for each other. But lived together and the fights continued.On Sunday, Kannan took his wife and daughter shopping to T Nagar and brought the girl many toys. When they returned home, Mohanammbal started a fight by making offensive remarks about his job and family.The couple went to sleep in separate rooms. Kannan and their daughter were in one room and his wife in another. \"Kannan could not sleep and at 2am he walked into the room in which Mohanammbal was sleeping,\" the inspector said. \"He told us that he was still furious about being insulted and set upon his wife in a fit of rage.\"Kannan overpowered Mohanammbal when she attempted to retaliate. He hit her on the head with a grinding stone and, when she collapsed, Kannan slit her throat with a knife.After checking Mohanammbal and confirming that that she was dead, Kannan sat near her body for a long time before informing a family friend, Rajagopalan, that he had killed his wife. Kannan sent the child with Rajagopalan, who later informed the couple's relatives about what had happened.Relatives informed the Thirumangalam police, who arrested Kannan. They sent Mohanammbal's body for postmortem to Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital.Kannan, who broke down while speaking to police, said Mohanammbal was never content with him even though he spent a considerable part of his monthly pay of 1 lakh on her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17657665", "title": "3 hurt as students, traders clash in Georgetown", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Three persons were injured after a group of students clashed with shopkeepers in Georgetown on Monday afternoon.Report said a student leader and his supporters clashed with a group of shopkeepers over a petty dispute. Both groups indulged in brick-batting and also opened fire. A four-wheeler was also damaged in the ensuing violence.As the two sides indulged in brick-batting, passersby ran helter skelter for cover.Upon receiving information, police rushed to the spot and took both groups to the police station. The supporters of both groups created noisy scenes at police station, following which additional police had to be deployed.Station officer Georgetown said they were investigating the case and action would be initiated against the erring persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17657859", "title": "Muslim women groups demand ban on oral talaq", "text": "MUMBAI: After studying repercussions of one-sided pronouncement of talaq by Muslim men for months, several Muslim women groups have demanded a ban on oral and unilateral talaq.At a public hearing titled 'Jiski Kahani Uski Zubani', held as part of the national convention of Bhartiya Muslim Mahila Andolan (BMMA) at Marathi Patrakar Sangh on Monday, over a dozen women victims of one-sided talaq narrated their stories. Many broke down while sharing their experiences. \"My husband was a drunkard. Whenever I asked him to stop drinking, he would beat me up. When I continued to protested his drinking habits, he divorced me. I have a son and I don't know how I will bring him up,\" said Saba from Madhya Pradesh.Nikhat from UP, who was married in 2010 and has three children, said her husband has deserted her and she has not seen her kids in months.\"My husband told his relatives that he divorced me, but he has not told me,\" she said.\"In most cases, qazis and muftis are on the side of the men. The women are not given alimony after divorce and the compensation, if given at all, is inadequate,\" said BMMA's founder-member Noorjahan Safia Niaz, who also protested the practice of halala. According to the halala practice, if a divorced woman wants to marry the same man again, she has to marry another man and it is up to him if he wants to divorce her.Having received over 500 signatures against oral and unilateral talaq from across the country, women activists have demanded codification of the Muslim Family Law which will make registration of marriages mandatory, a divorce invalid without arbitration and prevent a man from remarrying another woman without the consent of his first wife. \"Talaq and polygamy are used as weapons to threaten women. Unilateral divorce must be banned,\" said Zakia Soman, another founder-member, BMMA. Women groups will soon send their findings to minorities commission, women rights panel, the Centre and state governments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17658570", "title": "Amnesty International asks India to commute all death sentences to life term", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an open letter to President Pranab Mukherjee , Amnesty International has asked for commuting of all death sentences to life imprisonment and to establish an official moratorium on executions as a step towards abolishing death penalty. The human rights organization also said that Parliament attack accused Afzal Guru's trial did not conform to India's obligations under international human rights law.The letter, written by Amnesty International CEO G Ananthapadmanabhan, points out that 140 countries in the world have abolished the death penalty in law or practice.\"Amnesty International is also concerned about a further nine petitions for mercy involving 14 individuals that have been sent to the Ministry of Home Affairs for consideration for a second time...One of these petitions concerns Mohammad Afzal Guru who was sentenced to death for his involvement in the 2001 Parliament attack. Guru was tried by a special court under the Prevention of Terrorism Act. Amnesty International has found that these trials did not conform with India's obligations under international human rights law,'' the letter said.Amnesty International also expressed concern about the secrecy around Mumbai terror attack accused Ajmal Kasab's execution on November 21. ``It is unclear whether he (Kasab) was aware of the possibility of seeking a review of your decision. Information about the rejection of the petition for mercy and the date of execution was not made available to the public until after the execution had been carried out. Authorities in India have made public claims that this lack of public announcement and secrecy surrounding the execution were to avoid intervention by human rights activists,'' the letter says.This practice is in contrast to how previous executions have been carried out in India over the past 15 years. Information regarding the executions of Dhananjoy Chatterjee (2004) and Shankar (1995), for example, was accessible to the public in advance of the execution.The organization also said that 14 former judges had recently petitioned President Mukherjee to commute 13 death sentences that they believe were wrongly imposed. The case of Saibanna Ningappa Natikar, on death row for murdering two members of his family in 2005, was one of the cases identified by the judges.Amnesty International opposes the death penalty in all cases without exception and termed the use of death penalty is ``riddled with systemic flaws.'' The letter said that of particular concern are the broad definition of \"terrorist acts\" for which the death penalty can be imposed; insufficient safeguards on arrest; obstacles to confidential communication with counsel; insufficient independence of special courts from executive power; insufficient safeguards for the presumption of innocence; provisions for discretionary closed trials; sweeping provisions to keep secret the identity of witnesses; and limits on the right to review by a higher tribunal.Most recently, Mongolia became the 140th country to join this group by becoming a state party to the Second Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, aiming at the abolition of the death penalty, on March 13, 2012. In the Asia-Pacific region, 17 countries have abolished the death penalty for all crimes, 10 are abolitionist in practice and Fiji uses the death penalty only for exceptional military crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17658244", "title": "MG Road streaker gives Kochi a shock", "text": "KOCHI: The city got a shocker on Monday when an unidentified young man ran nude through the busy M G Road demanding the removal of National Human Rights Commission chairman justice K G Balakrishnan from the post.Police said the incident came to their notice when a private television news channel aired his 'performance' which was pre-planned. City police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar said the youth would be nabbed and a case for exhibiting nudity in public would be registered against him. \"Directions have been issued to the central police to trace the streaker,\" he said.The streaker, who came on a bike along with his friend, had covered his face with a white cloth. Police said after running for about 500 metres through the MG Road around 4pm, he fled the spot on his friend's motorcycle. He ran from the KPCC junction to Mullasserry Canal Road. \"The number plates of the bike were covered. We have launched a probe to trace the person. The person has organized the run after alerting the news channel. He was holding a placard demanding the removal of NHRC chairman,\" a police official said.Police suspect the person to be a student of the Government Law College in the city where a farewell celebration was being held on Monday.When inquired about the incident, Law College acting principal C A Dileep said, \"We were busy with a farewell program in our college and were surprised to learn that a student from our college ran naked in protest on the streets. But since the incident has not happened on our campus, we can't really comment on it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17659083", "title": "These voters weren't counted", "text": "VADODARA: The high voting percentage in Vadodara in the second phase on Monday could have surged further had the administration not bungled up while preparing voters' list.For several citizens who had turned at polling booths enthusiastically to cast their vote on Monday, the election turned out to be a damp squib. They were not allowed to exercise their voting rights as their names were missing from the voters' list. What hurt such citizens was that they had valid election photo identity card (EPIC), but had to return dejected.Amongst those who missed out, many were head of families whose names were missing from the electoral roles and in some cases husbands couldn't vote while rest of the family did. Even those Barodians who had come to the city from far off destinations were disheartened.A businessman Kaushal Patel, who came all the way from Mumbai, said, \"This is ridiculous as I had voted in last assembly polls. My wife's name was there in the list. I complained to the polling officials, but they said that they won't be able to help.\"The tall claims of the administration of reaching out to all the voters from door-to-door and issuing voter slips also got exposed as many complained that their voter slips never reached their home.Tulsidas Patni's wife was allowed to vote, but he himself couldn't. \"My wife's name was there in the voters' list, but I was told that my name isn't there. So I cannot vote. I showed them the EPIC, but they did not entertain my argument and just asked me to leave the premises,\" said Patni, a resident of Maru faliya in Wadi, who had come to Nagar Prathmik School at Wadi for voting.Chetan Salat was the only person from his family of five who wasn't allowed to vote. \"I head my family and my name has gone missing,\" he told TOI.Parth Saikia, who was to cast his vote in Akota constituency, too, was surprised to see his name missing from the voters' list. \"I feel as if I am not a citizen of India,\" he said.\"I was surprised. Both my mother and my wife's name are in the voting list, but my name has been deleted,\" asked Rajesh Patel, who complained of the abusive nature of the officials posted on election duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17657086", "title": "SSB to be deployed in Naxal areas, J&K;", "text": "NEW DELHI: With greater thrust on anti-Naxal operations in the past few years, the government may soon deploy one more paramilitary force, the Sashastra Seema Bal (SSB), in left wing extremism (LWE) areas. CRPF, BSF and ITBP are already deployed in various naxal-affected districts in the country.The force, responsible for guarding the Indo-Nepal and Indo-Bhutan borders, may also find itself quelling protests in Jammu and Kashmir as a deployment of the force in the Valley is proposed. This would, interestingly, run counter to the government's promise of decreasing paramilitary footprint in the Valley.SSB chief Arun Chaudhary on Monday told the media during SSB's annual press conference that about 8,000-10,000 men would initially be deployed in Jammu and Kashmir.\"We are ready to go in Jammu and Kashmir. This will be a new work in the next year, when we send 8-10 battalions (8,000-10,000 men) to theses areas. We will work with CRPF and BSF there and extend internal security related duties,\" he said.The DG said the proposal has been \"more or less\" approved by the home ministry and the force is likely to be deployed in Jammu and Kashmir by February.Chaudhary also said the force will soon have a water-wing for patrolling the Indo-Nepal border. \"In this financial year, we will be categorizing the rivers. Rivers, which basically have perennial water supply through out the year, will get preference as far as patrolling is concerned. Then the priority will go to dry nallahs and other water resources which do not have sufficient water during the year. This year, we will ensure that at least two places like East and West Champaran (Bihar) and other places where you have broad river length, is covered for patrolling,\" he said.The SSB guards the 1,751 km Indo-Nepal and 699-km Indo-Bhutan borders. There are large water bodies like rivers Kali, Sharda, Ghagra, Gandak, Kosi and Mechi running across and along the Indo-Nepal border.Monitoring these water bodies becomes difficult in the rainy season and they become susceptible for exploitation by anti-national elements. The water-wing, which will be equipped with high speed boats, water scooters, inflatable boats, among others, will ensure effective patrolling, the SSB chief said.To bolster security on the border, SSB has also installed surveillance cameras at three places along the porous Indo-Nepal border to check infiltration and smuggling of narcotics and fake Indian currency notes.Chaudhary said such cameras (a total of 24 in number) will soon be installed at other areas along both the Indo-Nepal and Indo-Bhutan borders.The surveillance cameras will capture all the movement 24x7 basis and the feed can be watched at different headquarters and digital recording can also be kept.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "17658168", "title": "Rough weather keeps fishers inland", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Rough weather kept fishermen in the southern districts away from the sea and two boats from Rameswaram island drifted into the sea due to technical snag on Monday. Meanwhile, 14 fishermen, who were taken into custody by the Sri Lankan navy off Katchatheevu island as they were found drifting in the region, were released later in the evening after an inquiry.Though Monday is the fishing day for the mechanised boats from Rameswaram fishing jetty and Mandapam, the fisheries department did not issue fishing tokens citing the unfavourable weather due to the low pressure that has formed in the Bay of Bengal. The heavy winds turned the sea very rough for the fishermen and they were not willing to venture into the sea after two boats were lost, sources said.Two mechanised boats that went fishing on Saturday were lost in the sea while one from Mandapam ran aground in Katchatheevu while another fishing boat from Rameswaram that ventured into the sea was drifting in Palk Strait due to a technical snag. \"The sea was very rough on Monday and it was unusual kind of climate with heavy wind, so we decided to keep away from the sea,\" said B Jesuraja, district secretary of Tamil Nadu Mechanised Boat Fishermen Association.Meanwhile, it was reported that the Sri Lankan navy took custody of 14 fishermen off Katchatheevu, of which four had gone to salvage the fishing boat from Mandapam. Six others were said to be country boat fishermen from Jagathapattinam in Nagapattinam district while four more were the crew of the boat that ran aground.U Arulanandam of Alliance for Release of Innocent Fishermen said that the country boat fishermen from Jagathapattinam happened to see the stranded boat in Katchatheevu and were attempting to help the others when the salvage boat also reached the spot. \"The Sri Lankan Navy found these fishermen in Katchatheevu on the other side of the border and questioned them for trespassing,\" he said.Later in the day, the 14 fishermen were released after an inquiry. While eight fishermen including four crew members of the mechanised boat that ran ashore in Katchatheevu are returning in the mechanised boat that went for salvaging, the Jagathapattinam fishermen are returning to their place in their country boat, Arulanandam said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17659303", "title": "Restored mermaid garden to host heritage activities on Dec 19", "text": "PANAJI: Looking to boost heritage tourism in the state, Goa ForGiving has announced that the newly-revived mermaid garden and the heritage streets of Fontainhas will host activities involving traditional Goan craftsmen, musicians and dancers on December 19.The garden will be inaugurated on the same day, and the activities will go on from 10am to 9pm.Armando Gonsalves, director of Goa ForGiving, said \"Liberation Day is all about Goa...its a great opportunity to create something different.\" Cinematographer Shirish Desai, who was instrumental in getting the mermaid statue in the garden restored by sculptor Ghanashyam Chari said, \"The restoration involved peeling-off 18 years of paint, dust and muck and took 35-40 days.\"Gonsalves termed the restoration \"a spring of hope\" and said efforts are on to get a new porcelain right hand to replace the existing cement hand of the mermaid statue.He announced that a food festival would also be organized on the same day on the streets of the heritage Fontainhas neighbourhood opposite the mermaid garden, with the participation of restaurants from the area.Gonsalves said these streets were used as locations for filming the 1980 Hollywood movie 'Sea Wolves' which starred Gregory Peck and Roger Moore.Amalia Mora, an American PhD student in Goa, said she was drawn to the project as heritage tourism is a way of giving power back to the local people instead of corporations and five star hotels.Jeroen Gevers, also a PhD student from Netherlands, said, \"There are a lot of parallels between several towns in Netherlands including Amersfoort and the city of Panaji.\"He said, \"People don't realize that history belongs to them.\" Gevers said he hoped that through this initiative, people would become aware of the heritage that is around them and preserve it.Gonsalves appealed to \"other foreigners who love Goa to participate with us.\"He said the day was an opportunity for people to do something fabulous and requested musicians to come forward and join in. \"This is a public initiative and we look forward to public support,\" said Gonsalves. There will be an art contest at 10am on the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mapusa/margao", "code": "17659459", "title": "Now, Russians take you for a taxi ride", "text": "MAPUSA/MARGAO: A new turf war has erupted on the beach belts of Goa. It's a fight as to who will run the taxis. The Russians and Ukrainians have slowly taken control of a few aspects on the way business is run near the Morjim, Mandrem and Arambol beaches of north Goa. Now, they have ventured into running the tourist taxi business.With taxi fares being exorbitant in the tourist state, foreigners who have to cough up a huge amount for a small distance, have been finding it difficult to travel small distances. Just to give an idea of the rates, the minimum fare local taxi operators charge, taking advantage of the fact that public transportation is at its pits, is Rs 300 (this even for a half km distance). So enter the Russians with their taxi service and they are run only for foreigners.Local taxi operators perceive it as an invasion on their livelihood. Local taxi operators are annoyed over foreigners taking over the taxi business this tourist season and have demanded the intervention of the authorities.\"The entry of the foreigners, mainly Russians, in the taxi business is of serious concern. How can tourists engage in a business,\" asked Praveen Taloji, a taxi operator in Morjim.Local taxi operators said Russians operate taxi business by arranging vehicles in the beach belt from Morjim to Arambol and take away business from them. One Russian has also opened a travel agency in Arambol. There are over 100 taxi operators in this stretch.Sources said there are many foreigners illegally running taxi businesses or running parallel taxi companies eating into the business of local Goans. To avoid clashes with local taxi operators, tourists deal with the foreign taxi operators outside the villages and engage their services for their travel.They said the foreign taxi operators arrange taxis on behalf of other foreign tourists and as they can speak the language of the foreigners, they are rapidly eating into the share of the locals. Russians also arrange taxis at marginally lower prices than the fare normally charged by locals.\"They are absorbing losses, but slowly they want to evict us and take over the business and when we will be out of business, they will hike the prices as then there will be no competition,\" said Anil Barde, a taxi operator from Arambol.In the tourist belt of Morjim-Arambol, many foreigners are already running hotels, shacks and bakeries. This year, they have extended their tentacles onto the taxi business. For locals here, earnings from running taxis during the tourist season fetches them their livelihood for the entire year and they lead a hand-to-mouth existence, they said.Jeorge Fernandes, spokesperson for Federation of Association of Tourist Taxi Owners and Drivers (FATTOD) said, \"They (foreigners) get their own tour buses which they operate themselves. Let's not talk about the Russian tourists; they come with their money and go back with their money thereby not benefiting us at all.\"Recently there was a scuffle between local taxi operators from Arambol and a foreigner who operates a Tempo traveler and other vehicles which can carry a larger number of passengers.\"They have taken over Morjim village, now they are spreading their tentacles to Arambol. Russians are engaging themselves in hotel business which we don't mind but if they take away a small business like taxi operations from us, then we will have to starve and die,\" said Praveen Vaigankar, a taxi operator from Arambol.On Sunday, taxi operators caught hold of Ukrainian national Yuri Alexander and handed him over to Pernem police for operating a taxi without valid permission. The taxi operators complained that Alexander advertises in shacks and hotels in Morjim about his taxi arrangements and arranges taxis for foreign tourists.Police said they are verifying whether the Ukrainian has a valid visa and licence to operate the business.On Monday, taxi operators from Morjim met local MLA and health minister Laximikant Parsekar and asked him to look into their grievance. Parsekar informed taxi operators that he will take up the matter with chief minister Manohar Parrikar .About 60 taxi operators from Morjim also met at the panchayat hall on Monday evening with sarpanch Dhananjay Shetgaonkar. The villagers demanded a ban on two travel agencies which run with foreigners as partners operating in the village. They also demanded that the panchayat not issue any NOC to outsiders to carry out the taxi business. The villagers also warned of agitations if their issue is not resolved.Sarpanch Dhananjay Shetgaonkar said he will convene a special meeting of the panchayat body and put the issue before it. \"We will issue a notice to the travel agencies within three days,\" he said.We are being ripped off by local taxi drivers: RussiansMARGAO: Making a strong argument in their favour, the Russians said they have resorted to running their own taxis because they are being ripped off by local taxi drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17657926", "title": "Kilpauk Medical College meds join hands to save 50-year-old banyan", "text": "CHENNAI: The alumni association of the Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital campus has launched a campaign to save an old banyan tree on the sprawling campus. A 'nerve centre' for multitudes of doctors over the years, the tree has been an integral part of their campus life. Its trunk and numerous prop roots are spread over a wide area and its lush green foliage is home to several birds. The sound of its glossy elliptical leaves fluttering in gusts of wind is audible across the campus.Few are aware of its age, but many former employees say the tree existed when the college was set up in 1960. Over the years, the vagaries of nature have taken a toll and the tree has started to droop. The fierce winds that accompanied cyclone Nilam did much damage to its structure and several of its branches fell. The canopy has shrunk and many young leaves have withered.The alumni association has written to the dean calling for many protective measures, including constructing a fence around the pavement for the newly-growing prop roots to remain undisturbed till they gain strength. It also wants visitors to the college to be told of the tree's heritage and urged not to pollute the surrounding area.\"We treasure the banyan tree. Our memories revolve around it. I am sure everyone who has spent some time at KMC would agree that the banyan is an integral part of the campus,\" says the letter.Pre-final year student Raj Kumar says the \"tree has been like a part of our family. From the re-union of the alumni to couples sitting under its shade, the tree has seen it all.\"KMC dean Dr P Ramakrishnan, said, \"A few weeks ago, the horticulture department inspected the tree. As soon as we receive its report, steps will be taken to restore it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17658824", "title": "Captain Dhoni defends his conservative tactics", "text": "NAGPUR: It's not easy to be the Indian cricket captain especially when the team is not doing well. It takes a lot out of you. There are plenty of problems on MS Dhoni's plate ahead of the series against Australia in March.Facing the Indian spinners no longer seems to be a mystery for touring teams as England showed; his demand for turning tracks appear to have fallen on deaf ears and most of the key batsmen appear to be struggling.Besides, Dhoni has also been under fire for his defensive captaincy. When asked about his tactics in the fourth Test, he said, \"We bowled for 10 hours and got three only batsmen out. You have to evaluate what can be done. The easier thing to do is have three slips, four slips and even eight slips, but the wicket should support that. Okay, I didn't have a short leg or silly point for a long time, but how many balls went there? It's very easy to sit outside and say we need a fielder here or there. If you see the wicket, it improved as we went into the fifth day. How many on-drives did we see on the first day? Today itself we saw at least five to nine on-drives against the spin, which means the grass on the surface grew and it made the track slightly better to play strokes.\"Aggression is not all about putting a short leg, a silly point or having a slip. It's important to analyse and see where we can get batsmen out. On this wicket, we got three wickets in 10 hours. If you are saying have a few more fielders at slip and they will get out, it doesn't happen that way,\" he said.The Indian skipper admitted that the batting failures cost India the series.\"In this series our batting struggled. Mumbai was a tough wicket, but apart from that we were not able to get big partnerships that can have a big impact, especially when playing in the subcontinent. We were not even able to get into the fourth innings of the opponent, which I feel is important because that's when the game changes,\" he said.The team is going through a transition period and Dhoni said that seniors have to take more responsibility.\"We are going through a stage where we need to see what will work for us. Few big players have left us. Youngsters coming up will have to fill the gap and seniors will have to take extra responsibility till the juniors start getting runs or start taking wickets,\" he said.Dhoni once again batted for the induction of youth and the need to persist with young players and stated that even legends like Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman didn't become legends overnight.\"Some of the big players started off with low scores. You have to back youngsters who you think are very talented and who you think can succeed at the top level. Even if they don't score in a few games, it is important to back them. It's about trying them and giving them a chance to prove themselves. It's difficult to replace Rahul Dravid or Sachin Tendulkar or VVS Laxman. It's not about replacing them. It's about youngsters coming in and being themselves,\" he said.The captain has lost his coolBe it rifts with senior players or his insistence on turners, the MS Dhoni has made one mistake after the other. K Shriniwas Rao lists them out...Rift rumours:There cannot be smoke without fire. Reports of Dhoni's rift with Sehwag had hardly died down when Laxman announced retirement and alleged that he couldn't communicate with Dhoni. It wasn't just a blow to the middle-order, but another reminder of Dhoni's relationship with seniors. Ahead of the Nagpur Test, reports of his uncomfortable relationship with opener Gautam Gambhir emerged.Insistence on spin tracks:Dhoni's insistence that India be given tracks that turn from Day One turned out to be the biggest bane. Not only did India's batting fail against England spinners, who adjusted beautifully to conditions, Dhoni's own spin attack failed miserably. Dhoni is guilty of not just underestimating England but also depending heavily on Ashwin and Ojha, who had not bowled together against a quality batting side in Tests.Underbowls Bhajji in Mumbai:To have your most experienced offspinner in the team and make him bowl just 20 overs as compared to Ashwin and Ojha bowling 40 each, in England's first innings at Wankhede, was a blunder. Dhoni didn't just underbowl Harbhajan but made him bowl those 20 overs over six spells. To make matters worse, he refused to retain him in the XI in Kolkata.Tiffs with curators:First it was Sudhir Naik in Mumbai, then Prabir Mukherjee in Kolkata - Dhoni had ugly run-ins with both curators, making a mountain of a molehill where his demands for a turning pitch were concerned. Dhoni wanted the pitch to assist turn from Day One. But the joke turned out to be on Indian batsmen.Bats lower down the order:By moving up the order in Nagpur, Dhoni managed 99 in India's first innings. He could've done that earlier in the series, knowing that the middle-order had been failing continuously. With Tendulkar not amongst runs, the pressure was on Kohli, and it was a situation that an experienced Dhoni could've handled better.Plays four spinners in Nagpur:Playing four spinners at the cost of an extra seamer was another blunder. Anderson showed visitors the way, running through the Indian top-order while India struggled for lack of pacers. Instead, the captain went into the match with four spinners.Attacking instincts go missing:Dhoni is guilty of not attacking England when he needed to. The bowling changes were poor in Mumbai. Not having specialist fielders in the slips during the Kolkata Test further hurt India. For instance, having Pujara in the slips for Zaheer resulted in Cook being dropped on 17 at Eden. Cook went on to make a match-winning double-ton.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17658608", "title": "Dug-up roads posing problems for commuters", "text": "KANPUR: Lack of coordination among various JNNURM contractors and agencies responsible for maintaining proper civic conditions in city are once again ready to dampen the Christmas celebrations in city. Apart from dirt and filth, the slippery and dug-up streets are giving residents a tough time, especially near malls and shopping areas.While, the encroachment at prominent crossings, especially around markets and shopping complexes was already giving residents a tough time, the dug-up, slippery roads and the poor sanitation in the congested lanes have added to their woes. The roads have become slippery by digging work as people and street vendors throw water on roads. Bada Chauraha and area around the shopping mall is one such example. The mall in Rawatpur area is also facing similar problem these days.\"I was going through the lane of GNK Inter College during night and suddenly my bike slipped. I was amazed as there was no water in the morning. Absence of street light also adds to the darkness in the street,\" said Mahesh, a local.Meanwhile, there are many streets where the digging work is going on in the dark areas. The unavailability of light at these spots is also giving commuters a tough time. Such area include Halim Muslim College, near Narhona crossing and Deoki Chauraha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17657467", "title": "Lokayukta court summons Mirji", "text": "BANGALORE: A special Lokayukta court has summoned city police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji to appear before it on Tuesday. This follows an application from social activist TJ Abraham that police failed to provide him protection despite threats to his life.Abraham is a complainant in a case pertaining to alleged irregularities in the Bangalore Mysore Infrastructure Corridor of the Nandi Infrastructure Corridor Enterprises (NICE). The court has ordered an investigation against 30 people, including three former chief ministers. The probe order has since been stayed.Lokayukta court judge NK Sudhindra Rao on Monday summoned Mirji after hearing Abraham's counsel. Abraham had written on November 6, 2012 to the principal secretary of home department and Mirji that he had had apprehensions that certain individuals posed threat to him. The court took into account the submissions made by Abraham's counsel K V Dhananjay that the police commissioner turned a blind eye to the representation from his client.\"He cannot pretend ignorance,\" the counsel said and added that the court has ample powers to direct Mirji to perform his legal obligation to protect a complainant to the anti-corruption court.The court then summoned Mirji to appear before it around 3 pm on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17660557", "title": "Akshay to bring in Twinkle\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s b\u00e2\u20ac\u2122day in Goa", "text": "It's been a good year for Akshay Kumar with five of his films - Housefull 2, Rowdy Rathore, Joker, OMG and Khiladi 786 - together raking in over Rs 400 crore.And now, the actor has decided to take a short break from his professional commitments so as to devote his time and energy to personal matters.TOI has learnt he has cancelled all his shoots until the first week of January to be able to spend time with wife Twinkle, son Aarav and his recently arrived baby girl named Nitara Khanna Bhatia. The family plans to bring in Twinkle's birthday on December 29 at the bungalow near Anjuna Beach in Goa bought by Akshay. Last year, Akshay had taken his fatherin-law, late Rajesh Khanna to the same place to celebrate his birthday which falls on the same day as his daughter Twinkle.A source told this newspaper, \"It's been a hectic year for Twinkle and she needed some rest after the arrival of the new baby. She was also the producer of Khiladi 786 and Akshay realised a holiday was long overdue.\"They will also celebrate New Year's in Goa.\"He is expected to return in the first week of Jan,\" the source said. Akshay Kumar remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17657660", "title": "Allahabad Municipal Corporation removes illegal structures", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Continuing its drive against illegal structures, the Allahabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) removed encroachments in parts of the city on Monday. At some places, locals opposed the drive and statged protest by squatting in front of JCB machines. However, police were called and the drive was conducted smoothly.About 132 huts and roadside kiosks were demolished by the AMC .The drive started from Behrana crossing and moved towards Kydganj graveyard and the Allahabad Degree College.Next it was carried out near Boat Club.The drive will continue in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17657347", "title": "Bizman, associates get 1-year jail in cashew scam", "text": "CHENNAI: Businessman M V Varadarajulu alias M V Raja and eight of his associates were sentenced to one-year rigorous imprisonment in a cashew import scam case on Monday.The IX additional sessions judge, E M K S Siddharthar, who is also a special judge for CBI cases, imposed a fine of 2.3 lakh on them after they were found guilty of forging documents to show that cashew nuts procured from tribal cooperative units were exported to various countries.The scam, which according to CBI involved import/export of cashew worth 209 crore, was busted in 1996. According to the CBI and the Enforcement Directorate, the accused had over-invoiced huge quantities of cashew kernels and cashew nuts imported from various countries between 1993 and 1996. The cashew nuts imported by a company were transferred in the name of another company without the knowledge of the banks that had financed the import. Varadarajulu was arrested in France in 2006.The present case pertains to an agreement that the Tribal Cooperative Marketing Development Federation of India Ltd (TRIFED) had signed with three companies, owned by the accused, for procurement and export of raw cashew nuts. Instead of procuring from tribal cooperative societies, these companies imported cashew from foreign countries. After the consignment landed at Tuticorin, the cashew nuts were stored at godowns and documented as if they were procured from tribals. Necessary records were forged.Two consignments - one weighing 1,645 tonnes of raw cashew nuts worth 5.95 crore and another weighing 1,162 tonnes of nuts worth 5.8 crore - were seized by the CBI. It is said that Dinakar, the then regional manager of TRIFED, abused his position to issue cheques worth 11.79 crore from TRIFED.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17659636", "title": "Kidnapping case registered 10 days late", "text": "NAGPUR: Daily wage labourer Sanjay David, a resident of Khalasi Line in Sadar, has been forced to run pillar to post for the last ten days to file a kidnapping complaint regarding his 10-year-old son. David's son Sebastian has been missing from December 8. A standard V student, he was last seen with Mukesh Yadav alias Kalu, who works with decorating contractor Ramesh Chilamwar.Since then Sebastian has not returned home and Mukesh has also disappeared. Hence, suspecting Yadav was behind his son going missing, David had approached Sadar police on December 8. However, the cops simply entered the child's name into the missing diary and kept it under investigation.David said he told the cops that Sebastian was last seen with Yadav but the police ignored it and asked them to wait for a few days. Having failed to trace his son for over a week, David approached senior officers and finally a kidnapping complaint was filed on Monday.David said that Yadav was infamous in the area for misbehaving with children. \"Twice he has been caught in inappropriate activities with minors but was let off with a warning due to pressure from Chilamwar. We have told all the details to cops but nothing has been done so far,\" he said.David said that his neighbours saw Yadav taking Sebastian with him when he went to attend nature's call.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17658974", "title": "3 years on, murder charge reinstated against hubby", "text": "MUMBAI: Three years after a businessman, Jatin Dhedia (45), allegedly hired hitmen to kill his wife during a morning walk in Lalbaug, the Bombay high court on Monday ordered that murder charges be reinstated against him. Holding that there was prima facie evidence against Jatin, Justice K U Chandiwal quashed a trial court order of dropping murder charges against him. The judge has given Jatin three weeks to surrender.The court, however, held there was no evidence that Rupal Cheda, with whom Jatin allegedly had an illicit affair, was part of the murder conspiracy.Additional public prosecutor Hitendra Dhedia had argued that the trial court had erroneously let Jatin off, on a discharge application filed by Cheda. \"A number of calls were made between Jatin and one of the assailants, Hasruddin Malik, for almost 10 days; the calls were made right up to a few minutes before the attack,\" said advocate Dhedia.The incident goes back to early October 27, 2009, when Jatin and his wife Beena (39) went out for a morning walk on Ambedkar Road near Lalbaug. Around 5.40am, two motorcycle-borne assailants waylaid the couple and stabbed Beena to death after robbing her of the gold ornaments she was wearing. Jatin also suffered injuries in the attack. Following the interrogation of 450 robbers, chain-snatchers and bike thieves, the police finally arrested a 22-year-old youth, Nazim Khan, who led them to Malik. Both told the police that Jatin had paid them money to kill his wife, apparently because she posed a hurdle in his affair with Rupal. Soon after, Jatin, Rupal, Hasruddin, Nazim and another henchman, Rajnikant Wagh were arrested. Following an application filed by Rupal, a sessions court discharged her and Jatin from the case for lack of evidence. The crime branch filed a revision application before the high court.The defence claimed that Jatin was falsely implicated in the case. The prosecution, however, pointed out that Jatin initially had told the police that his wife had been attacked by unknown assailants. But investigations revealed that he knew the attackers as Hasruddin owned a juice stall outside Jatin's shop in Lalbaug.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17658166", "title": "Dalits threaten mock funeral over land dispute", "text": "TRICHY: Dalits in Mannachanallur taluk have threatened to conduct a mock funeral if the district administration fails to take action to remove the alleged encroachment on their exclusive pathway, to the crematorium in Mannachallur. Their ultimatum forced the officials to convene an urgent peace committee meeting on December 19.The dispute over using a one-km long pathway leading to a crematorium has been fuming between the dalits and few influential people in the area in Mannachanallur town panchayat. A court case is also pending at the Trichy sub-court in this connection. The dalits residing in more than 10 wards in the panchayat have been using an exclusive pathway starting from Samayapuram main road to reach a crematorium meant for them as well as for two backward community people in the area. However, the caste Hindus have been taking out funeral processions through a separate way. There are two other crematoriums here for backward community and forward community people separately.The issue started in 2000 when few influential people allegedly attempted to encroach upon the exclusive pathway of the dalits to claim ownership of the area.A Viswanathan, a resident of Melaseedevimangalam, who led the dalits to petitioned the collector on Monday said, \"The pathway had been allotted to dalits more than 60 years ago. Since then we have been using the pathway. But, one of our forefathers mortgaged the area to a landlord, who later sold it to a businessman in our area. Now, the heirs of the businessman are attempting to block the pathway. During their first attempt in 2000, we had moved the court and the case is prejudice in Trichy sub-court. At this juncture, a few days back, they again tried to encroach upon the pathway. So, we demanded the district collector to intervene into the matter as early as possible. Otherwise, we would resort to mock funeral to highlight the discrimination against dalits.\"Acting on the petition, C Bhavani, the Mannachanallur tahsildar has ordered to convene a peace committee meeting on December 19 to discuss the issue. Bhavani told TOI, \"Our VAO visited the pathway and confirmed there was no such encroachment. However, we would get the clarification from both the sides in the peace committee meeting.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17658966", "title": "Court rejects Suresh Jain\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s bail application", "text": "AURANGABAD: Justice M T Joshi of the Aurangabad bench of the Bombay high court on Monday rejected the bail application of former state housing minister Suresh Jain while directing the special judge, Jalgaon, to frame charges against him and others as expeditiously as possible.Jain, who was arrested for his involvement in the Rs 169-crore Jalgaon housing scam, is being treated at St George Hospital in Mumbai, where he was admitted on November 3, said special public prosecutor Pravin Chavan. On October 18, the Supreme Court had rejected Jain's bail plea while asking the special court in Jalgaon to frame charges against him and the other accused.Jain had approached the special judge in Jalgaon on October 3, seeking direction to the authorities to release him on bail under Section 167 (2) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) as there was no sanction for his prosecution under Section 197 of CrPC and Section 19 (3) of Prevention of Corruption Act (1988) and that the chargesheet submitted by the investigation officer was not a chargesheet in the eye of the law. \"Hence, he claimed, his detention was illegal and unauthorized and he be released on bail,'' said Chavan. The trial court had rejected his bail application on October 6.Jain approached the Aurangabad bench of the HC on October 9. Opposing the bail plea, Chavan said there \"was no official duty entrusted to Suresh Jain and that he has ceased to be a minister''. He said a housing scheme for the low income group was introduced by the Centre and implemented through Hudco and it was accepted by the Jalgaon Municipal Council (which later became municipal corporation). \"There is no connection of the scheme with the office of the state's housing ministry.''Chavan said the main chargesheet was submitted on April 25, 2012, while a supplementary chargesheet was filed on June 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17658936", "title": "Indian doctors lead polio corrective surgeries in Nigeria", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A team of Rotarian doctors returned home on Monday after having conducted over 780 polio corrective surgeries in Abuja, Nigeria.One of the team member, Dr Rajendra K Saboo said, \"The team comprising 25 doctors and volunteers completed all the surgeries on 353 polio-afflicted patients in a nine-day camp organized at the University of Abuja Teaching Hospital, Gwagwalada and Federal Medical Centre at Keffi in Nassarawa.\"The doctors were from all over India including 12 ortho-surgeons, five anesthesiologists, a pathologist, a general surgeon and six volunteers.Dr Saboo added, \"The objective was to strive for polio eradication and facilitate quality life for children. Indian doctors conducted around 35 surgeries a day.\"While India is striving towards becoming a polio-free country, countries like Nigeria, Pakistan and Afghanistan are showing encouraging results. Next doctors from India will be going to Nigeria to train doctors in the country for the further treatment of polio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17658745", "title": "More Prayas schools in tribal regions", "text": "RAIPUR: Buoyed with the success of its initiative by which tribal students from the Naxalite areas are clearing IIT, AIEEE and other entrance examinations, Chhattisgarh government has now decided to start residential schools under its 'Prayas' scheme in tribal Bastar and Sarguja regions.Despite being constantly lured or threatened by the Naxalites , 100 odd tribal students from the troubled areas were selected in the All India Engineering Entrance Examination (AIEEE) through Prayas, a special coaching initiative of the state's tribal welfare department. Two tribal students- Jaiprakash Singh from Balrampur district and Surya Prakash Netam from Farsegaon in Bastar- had cleared the IIT-JEE examinations and made it to the premier institution after being part of the Prayas initiative.These students, chosen on the basis of merit, are offered special coaching and prepared for competitive exams, which are being run in the state capital at present. Chief minister Raman Singh had announced similar 'Prayas' centers in tribal Bastar and Sarguja regions and to provide internet connectivity at the students' hostels in all the districts.Prayas was launched in July 2010 under which meritorious students from the Left Wing Extremism (LWE) districts and other tribal areas were kept in tribal hostels in the state capital and imparted coaching along with the regular studies at the higher secondary level.The programme was initiated following a visit of state's then chief secretary P Joy Ommen, along with tribal department officials, to Bijapur district- considered as a Maoist hotbed in the tribal Bastar region. The officers came across a school boy, who had scored 95% marks in the 11th class examination, in a village in Bijapur. During a conversation, he told the officers that he wanted to either become a Patwari or a compounder.\"The aspirations even of meritorious students were so low. Subsequently, the government thought of launching a scheme like Prayas to give such students an opportunity to aim high in life,\" said an officer associated with the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17659041", "title": "Red sanders worth RS 100 crore rots at Jawaharlal Nehru Port", "text": "MUMBAI: More than 900 metric tonnes (MT) of red sandalwood, or red sanders, worth around Rs 100 crore, are lying at the Jawaharlal Nehru Port (JNP). But as per law, not even a tonne can be sold in the open market.The problem is that the Andhra Pradesh (AP) forest department, which is the nodal agency for collecting and valuating seized red sandalwood, has turned down a request from customs by saying its annual requirement of the commodity is less than a tonne. \"The AP forest department sells it to handicrafts development corporations, which do not have much demand for the commodity,\" said a customs officer.Red sandalwood is mostly stolen from forests in AP and Karnataka and smuggled out of the country mainly through JNP. Felling of the trees in forests is illegal and export banned. Even trees grown in private farms require permission for felling as red sandalwood is an endangered species. Demand exists in China, where it is mainly used in traditional medicines. \"It is transported to China after being smuggled to Dubai . Customs officers have not been able to gather information about buyers in Dubai. Even a probe into the supply chain, beginning from removing red sandalwood from the forest, has not reached anywhere though we know the trees cannot be cut without the connivance of local officials,\" a customs officer said.Ajit Satam, a smuggling kingpin recently released on bail, told customs he made a profit of Rs 2 core on every container smuggled out. \"Smuggling continues because of the profits involved and the nonexistence of stringent laws. Following a Supreme Court order, customs offences, including smuggling, are non-cognizable, which means those caught are entitled to immediate bail,\" a customs officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17657681", "title": "Health officials begin deputing staff in hospitals", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With 62% medical and para-medical staff having joined Kumbh duties, the senior health officials have begun deputing them central, zonal and infectious disease hospitals.The health department has chalked out an elaborate plan to depute medical officers, medical officer (community health), pharmacists, malaria inspectors, SRWFW and ward boys at these hospitals.Joint director and in charge, medical services, Kumbh, Major (Dr) BP Singh said that 344 out of 561 medial and para-medical staff from Allahabad region comprising Allahabad, Kaushambi, Pratapgarh and Fatehpur have reported for duties.In Allahabad region, 40 out of 64 specialists/medical officers, 31 out of 35 medical officers - community health, 42 out of 75 pharmacists, 102 out of 143 health workers, 9 out of 11 malaria officers, 51 out of SRW FW and 21 out of 75 ward boys have reported for duty. Major Singh said more medical and para-medical staff will arrive.The health department has set up a central hospital with 100-bed capacity, 10 zonal hospitals and two infectious diseases hospitals with 20 beds each on Kumbh campus for pilgrims and seers. A total of 46 specialists have been deputed at the central hospital.However, medical and para-medical staff from other districts are yet to report for Kumbh duties. At present, 14 out of 42 medical officers (specialists), 8 out of 18 malaria officers and 17 out of 30 SRWFW have reported for duties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17657447", "title": "Salman wows Hyderabad with trademark style", "text": "HYDERABAD: It was a Monday, sans the usual blues for Hyderabadis. Since morning the city was upbeat with palpable excitement waiting for the curtains to go up on what can be undoubtedly be described as the biggest 'filmy' show that the Nizam's land has ever witnessed -- the Times Salman Nite.While the audience did have to patiently wait for Tiger Khan to make an appearance, it was all worth it when Pandeyji eventually took to the stage dressed in a glittering golden shirt and black trousers, complete with the trademark bracelet and deadly attitude.The crowd that had filled every nook and cranny of the sprawling Hitex Grounds went ballistic when Sallu bhai grooved to the peppy tunes of Oh Oh Jaane Jaana or shook his booty to the beats of Dhinka Chika. If the women could not stop professing their love for Bollywood's original 'Robin Hood' and were heard screeching with joy, the men could barely stop cheering for their on-screen role model. Shunning their comfy seats, the vast gathering jumped to their feet when Salman, along with his graceful group of dancers, started to move to the chartbuster track Hud Hud Dabangg Dabangg. The signature steps of the racey number that has gained unprecedented popularity worldwide by now, saw Hyderabadis go wild with delight. Unable to contain themselves, the audience broke in to a deafening round of applause with some even joining in to dance with the superstar of Hindi cinema.And if this Dabangg appearance was not enough, Chulbul made a comeback again, post a brief interval, donning the role of the romantic hero from the days of Maine Pyaar Kiya and Hum Saath Saath Hai. Instead of the beefy Bodyguard, it was lover boy Sameer (from Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam) who took to the stage this time and instantly charmed his Hyderabadi fans with his dreamy numbers like Chand Chupa Badal Mein and Dil Diwana Bin Sajna Ke.But how could the evening be complete without a sneak peak into what is being touted as the biggest release of 2012 -- Dabangg 2. So, Sallu bhai kindly obliged with a few quick steps from Pandey Ji Bajaye Seeti. In fact, to ensure that Hyderabadis do not forget the track too soon, he even called on stage a bunch of boys and gave them a crash course not just in dancing but also in whistling. The women too were no less lucky -- at least four girls, who won themselves a chance to play Rajjo (Sonakshi's role in Dabangg) alongside their heartthrob.\"I don't think I can ever get over this moment of watching Salman Khan live. I have, for years, admired him and seeing him perform has been one of my long cherished dreams. This is truly an awesome feeling,\" said a visibly blushing Nidhi Singh, who could barely stay put in her seat, seeing the Love Guru rock the stage.If King Khan and his suaveness remained the highlight of the night, playback singer Sukhwinder Singh too did an outstanding job of enthralling the crowd with his robust voice and unending energy. The gathering went into a frenzy as the musical sensation belted out one number after another. The evening that started with Fashion Ka Hai Yea Jalwa, continued with super-hits like Jai Ho, Chak De, Beedi Jalaile, Chaiyya Chaiyya, Hole Hole and much more. Stints by popular singers Manoj Tiwari and Aditi Paul, in between the show, kept the tempo of the evening going.In all, it was a date that neither Pandeyji nor Hyderabad will wish to forget too soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17659321", "title": "Awareness drive to check pollution levels in twin cities", "text": "HUBLI: The Karnataka Pollution Control Board, Dharwad, has finally woken up to the growing menace of sound and air pollution in Dharwad district. It has launched a special awareness drive to check pollution levels in the twin cities. The campaign is aimed at creating awareness among people on the ill-effects of air and noise pollution due to bursting of crackers and honking.As a first step, the board has started conducting programmes in schools and colleges to highlight the adverse effects of pollution on the eco-system. It recently conducted a campaign titled SDM-Utsav at the SDM Dental College on the need to reduce air and noise pollution.SDM Dental College principal Srinath Thakur said that Board had written a letter to the college requesting them not to burst crackers in the college during 'SDM-Utsav', which was held recently. The college followed suit and contributed its bit to environment protection.This apart, the Board is organizing various talks and programmes to create awareness at schools and colleges of Dharwad district. The Board has selected 550 schools in Dharwad district for \"Parisara Mitra Shale,\" a state programme, in which higher primary and high school students will participate. Two teachers and headmaster from each school have been trained as part of the programme.Under this, students will be sensitized on the harmful impact of air and noise pollution, keeping school and premises clean, making vermi-compost from waste food and water and other eco-friendly measures.Vijayakumar Kadakbhavi, district environment officer told TOI that as per Pollution Control Board norms, noise should not exceed 55 decibels in residential areas and 65 decibels in commercial areas in the city. \"But it is very unfortunate that norms are being violated in the twin cities every day. This should be brought under check,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17658625", "title": "Poll bounty: Tamluk gets Rs1 crore for welfare", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government is making all efforts to keep the districts happy ahead of the panchayat elections next year. From January 1 to 15, the state labour department will hold a social welfare fortnight in different districts of the state to distribute various social welfare schemes to workers of the unorganised sector.State labour minister Purnendu Bose and department officials will visit Kharagpur, Ghatal, the Jangalmahal districts of Bankura and Purulia, Mahestala, Budge Budge, Barasat, Asansol and Durgapur to generate awareness on the schemes available to workers. The programme will be concluded at Arambagh and Khanakhul.\"Today, we sanctioned Rs 1 crore to provide welfare schemes for workers of Tamluk. From 2006 to 2011, only Rs 2 crore was spent. In a span of only one and a half years, the government has spent Rs 23 crore on welfare schemes for workers involved in construction-related activities,\" Bose said on Monday.The government has been providing the state assistant scheme of provident fund for unorganised workers ( SASPFUW). The monetary benefits in many of the welfare schemes, including those on health and accidental deaths, have been increased, the minister said.With the panchayat elections coming up next year, the government was giving much stress to provide more and more social welfare schemes for the unorganised sector workers. The government was providing the state assistant scheme of provident fund for un-organised workers (SASPFUW) and the monetary benefits in many of the schemes has been increased, including the health schemes, maternity benefits and accidental deaths. \"We have increased the monetory assistance in several social welfare schemes for the unorganised sector workers,\" the minister said. The government have already started introducing the Samajik Mukti Card that was announced by chief minister Mamata Banerjee earlier this year. With the panchayat elections coming up next year, the government is giving much stress to provide more and more social welfare schemes for the unorganised sector workers.The department is also working to ensure that more people get enrolled in the computerised employment bank, the first of its kind in the state. The database is having names and details of all those who have enrolled themselves. Officials said that the response have been quite good till now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17658474", "title": "HC reserves decision on Mamata remarks", "text": "KOLKATA: After hearing the verbal prayer on whether Calcutta high court should initiate suo motu contempt against chief minister Mamata Banerjee for alleged derogatory remarks against the judiciary, the division bench of Chief Justice Arun Mishra and justice Joymalya Bagchi on Monday reserved their order. The court will now decide whether the chief minister's comments were criticism for betterment of judiciary or disrespect shown to it.On August 14, at a seminar organized at the Vidhan Sabha, Mamata had made certain comments about the judiciary. Former Kolkata mayor and senior advocate Bikash Ranjan Bhattacharya moved a petition before the court of Justice Kalyan Jyoti Sengupta, praying for suo motu contempt proceedings against the chief minister for the comments, which he claimed were derogatory in nature. Bhattacharya also suggested that amicus curiae be appointed by the court to find out what Mamata had actually said. Justice Sengupta was transferred before he could decide on the matter and it moved to the Chief Justice's bench.The two amicus curiae who had been appointed earlier told the court that they had already given their opinion that the issue may not be ignored. It was for the court to take a final decision on the matter, they submitted.While hearing the plea by Bhattacharya and advocate Rabishankar Chatterjee, the court observed that Mamata had spoken at a seminar where everybody is entitled to his or her opinion. The court pointed out that the chief minister hadn't mentioned any particular case or court in her statement. Bhattacharya argued that contempt proceedings have already been drawn out against minister of state Becharam Manna for alleged derogatory remarks against the judiciary and similar steps should be taken against Mamata.On hearing this, the court observed that in Manna's case, the allegation was that he had commented against a particular order. In the chief minister's case though, it hadn't been alleged that she had targeted a specific order or court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kolaghat", "code": "17659711", "title": "Trinamool men stall NH6 bridge project", "text": "KOLAGHAT: When Mamata Banerjee was showcasing Bengal before Indian Inc in New Delhi, her partymen back home were bent on undoing her efforts.Two local Trinamool toughs on Monday threw a spanner on the construction of the new Kolaghat bridge on NH6, across the Rupnarayan. The duo allegedly threatened the contractors unless they bowed to the terms of Panskura Trinamool MLA Biplab Roy Chowdhury, prompting the builders to stop work indefinitely. Kolaghat, home to the state's largest thermal power plant, is on the Golden Quadrilateral.\"This is not a one-day affair. We have come under pressure from local-level ruling politicians, who want us to engage their own men on the construction site. Our supervisors were on their edge. On Monday , Trinamool toughs Shiekh Mansur (Michael) and Shiekh Hamid Ansari came to the site and started intimidating the supervisors. They demanded that the supervisors wind up work and sit for talks with local Trinamool MLA Biplab Roy Chowdhury or face the consequences,\" said senior project manager Jay Shankar Singh, who works with Arvind Techno Engineering Pvt Ltd \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the firm hired for the project. Company officials also hinted that some Trinamool men were demanding money.Singh said he had a telephonic discussion with the MLA, who said \"the heavens won't fall if work was stopped for a day\". \"When I rang the local MLA, he asked me to stop work for the day and come for talks. This, at a time when NHAI wants to finish this long delayed project on a priority basis,\" Singh said.The company refused to go for talks and lodged an FIR at Kolaghat police station, naming the two Trinamool toughs. Howrah SP Sukesh Jain confirmed the complaint. \"We are ready to give them police protection to continue work. It appears there is some union problem. I will see that it is sorted out,\" the SP said.Unfazed by the controversy, the Trinamool MLA held that all 700-odd workers at the bridge site belong to Inttuc. Brushing aside the suspension of work, Roy Chowdhury said: \"These workers are being denied the minimum wages approved by the state government. I don't know why work was stalled. I request the contractors to start work tomorrow,\" he said.Sk Sahabuddin, Kolaghat unit president of Congress union Intuc opposed the Trinamool view. \"Workers with diverse political loyalties are working here. That is not a problem. Trouble broke out after some greenhorn Trinamool touts started putting pressure on contractors to engage their own men. They also threatened the builders,\" said Sahabuddin.A section of Trinamool leaders has long been demanding that locals be hired. It's not the first time that work at Kolaghat bridge has come to a halt. In March, a mob allegedly led by Trinamool Congress leaders from Bagnan had ransacked the Naopala site office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17657619", "title": "2 out of 5 sewage treatment plantss start functioning in Poghat, Naini", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The officials of UP Pollution Control Board are coordinating with the officials of Jal Nigam to ensure that no untreated sewage/polluted water should flow into the Ganga and Yamuna and are putting in sincere efforts to make all five STPs (Sewage Treatment Plants) functional by the end of this year.In fact, two STPs in Poghat and Naini have been made functional while the ones in Rajapur, Kodra and Numhayadahi will operate by December end, said Jal Nigam officials. \"We have been making sincere arrangements to get all STPs functional by December 31,2012.The working of Kodra and Nimhayadahi STPs is likely to start by December 31 while Rajapur is going to be functional within two or three days.Once all five STPs get functional, no untreated water would be drained into the Ganga and Yamuna, ensuring clean water for Kumbh pilgrims,\" said JP Mani, Project Manager of Jal Nigam.Officials say that around 9.2 crore has been spent to set up Poghat STP which would treat 10 million litres of water everyday.Also,that capacity of Naini STP has been increased up to 80 MLD against 60 MLD and four new STPs have been set up at Kodra (25MLD), Numhayadahi (50 MLD), Poghat (10 MLD) and Rajapur (60 MLD). Besides, Salori STP has a capacity of 29 MLD. As of now, around 800 MLD of untreated sewage is directly discharged into the Ganga from at least 26 cities on the state located on the river banks.And, if the measures are not initiated, this figure may double by 2025.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17657600", "title": "Illegal occupants of Allahabad University's official quarters to be charged arrears", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Taking a tough stand against employees of Allahabad University occupying illegally official accommodation for the past many years, the university authorities have decided to charge arrears from them since the day they have been occupying the quarters unlawfully, besides demolishing all unauthorised construction some of them have built in these accommodations.Although AU authorities were tight-lipped on the issue of freeing these much needed accommodations from the clutches of their own employees, more than 75, who are causing heavy monetary loss to AU's exchequer claiming house rent allowance (HRA) on one hand and on the other handing enjoying a free residence.They have grabbed houses in almost all colonies meant for Class III and IV employees of AU. Be it regular colonies such as the one on the MNNIT campus or the one behind A N Jha Hostel, none is free of illegal occupation. Some of them are enjoying a safe haven in a temporary accommodation made beneath the stairs of the MCC stadium of AU, while others have constructed additional rooms in the houses occupied by them illegally. The authorities fail to free these houses from their clutches as they are protected by either senior officials of AU or by the teaching faculty. Their brazen attitude can be gauged by the fact that despite several warnings by the Estate office, not even a single employee has vacated the house.The issue pertaining to such a large number of houses being occupied by Class III and IV employees was taken up at the meeting of the House Allotment Committee (Administration) which deals with the accommodation of non-teaching employees of AU, but several members were of the view that not only should these illegal occupants be regularised but the university should even waive of the penalty, if any, that can be realised from the illegal occupants.After mulling over the issue, it has been decided that they would be regularised but would be charged arrears from the day they have been occupying the houses. Moreover, all unauthorised construction, built by them would be demolished.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17657551", "title": "6,000 doctors to go on strike from Dec 21", "text": "BANGALORE: Doctors and staff attached to the state health and family welfare department have decided to go on an indefinite strike from December 21.The strike, which will see participation of 65,000 employees, including 6,000 doctors, is likely to affect functioning of hospitals attached to the department. Doctors have threatened not to attend even emergency cases during the strike.The decision was announced by the Karnataka Government Medical Officers' Association (KGMOA) on Monday after the government failed to fulfill the promise given to them in August this year. On August 14, chief minister Jagadish Shettar, health minister Aravind Limbavali and medical education minister SA Ramdas promised to look into demands of doctors attached to KGMOA after they agitated for long.\"We've been waiting to hear from the government, but they haven't communicated to us in the past three months. No decision has been taken on our demands. This time we will go on strike until our demands are met. We will not even attend to emergency cases. We will lock hospitals and handover the keys to the district deputy commissioner,\" said Dr H Raveendra, president, KGMOA.The doctors are protesting against the government's decision to include 10 district hospitals, which were with the health and family welfare department, under the medical education department. They are also opposed to the health and family welfare department being part of zilla panchayats.A senior health department officer said: \"We are trying to meet their demands. The CM will set up a cabinet sub-committee to look into the issue of bringing back 10 district hospitals under the health and family welfare department. We are also working with the finance secretary to streamline payment of salaries. But these will take time. We are confident of finding a solution and ensure that people are not inconvenienced.\"Staff attached to seven government hospitals in Bangalore, 23 district hospitals, 175 taluk hospitals and 2,200 public healthcare units will be affected by the strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17658137", "title": "After fight with brother, girl, 13, commits suicide", "text": "CHENNAI: A 13-year-old girl, a flower vendor's daughter, committed suicide after a fight with her eight-year-old brother over watching television at Villivakkam on Monday morning. This is the second such incident in two days in the city. In Ayanavaram, a 12-year-old boy committed suicide after a fight with his sister on Saturday.Police said Gayathri, 13, of Annai Sathya Nagar in Anna Nagar had a tiff with her brother on Sunday. Her mother Kalaiselvi, a flower vendor, pacified the two after finding them fighting over watching their favourite programme on television. Later in the evening, when Kalaiselvi had gone to Koyambedu to buy flowers, the two fought over watching television again. When Gayathri did not allow her brother Vinoth near the television, he left home upset, after telling his sister that he would complain to their mother when she returned. As soon as the boy left the house, the girl locked herself in the house and hanged herself using a dupatta.A little later the boy returned home looking for his sister. When she did not open the door despite his knocking several times, he peeped through the window, and found her hanging from the ceiling. Vinoth alerted the neighbours, who broke open the door and lowered her body, police said. Based on information, Anna Nagar police came to the spot and sent the body for postmortem.In Saturday's incident, Rajesh, a Class 6 student was scheduled to go on a pilgrimage to Sabarimala and had been offering special prayers every day. He had an argument with his sister after she refused to clean the lamps and other items for his daily pooja. Upset over this, he committed self immolation, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17658553", "title": "NRI doctor kills self as parents reject British fiancee", "text": "LONDON: An inquest on Monday confirmed that an Indian doctor working at a Swansea hospital in Wales committed suicide because his parents objected to his desire to marry a British woman. A spokesman for South Wales police told TOI: \"The incident occurred in April 201 and the inquest hearing took place last week.\"Dr Madhu Honnaiah, 33, from Bangalore, who is an anaesthetist, injected himself with two drugs used in surgery after being compelled to part with his fiancee Dr Emma Wrighton, 32.The coroner was told the heartbroken doctor killed himself after his parents objected to 'cultural differences' between the pair.The inquest also heard Honnaiah's parents refused to give their consent to his engagement to Dr Wrighton after she refused to have a Hindu wedding.Honnaiah took his life seven months after the couple split. The relationship had begun in 2008 while the pair was working in Liverpool in north-west England.The two doctors got engaged in 2010, without Honnaiah informing his parents. Investigating officer Huw Evans told the inquest that Honnaiah was wary of telling his parents about the relationship because of their \"cultural beliefs\".He added: \"During a visit to Britain from India, his parents learned of the relationship and said they weren't happy about it.It was said his parents wanted him to marry someone from his caste or from the Bangalore area of India where he grew up.\"The inquest was told how a concerned Wrighton tried to phone her ex-fiance in the days before he was found dead. She travelled to Swansea to try to speak to Honnaiah at his home, but she was unable to find him at his apartment.An eight-page hand written letter left behind made it clear Honnaiah intended to take his own life.Coroner Philip Rogers said: \"I think it is clear that the breakdown of this relationship with Dr Wrighton must have caused Dr Honnaiah great distress and worry.\" A spokesperson for the Singleton hospital where he worked said, \"Madhu Honnaiah was a very promising young trainee doctor and we are very sorry to have lost him in such tragic circumstances.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "durgapur", "code": "17658341", "title": "Jai Balaji suspends 3 Inttuc staffers", "text": "DURGAPUR: Jai Balaji Industries has suspended three Inttuc-backed permanent employees - Arun Pal, Robi Acharya and Anna Ghosh - for allegedly threatening senior officials during a board meeting on Saturday. That very night, GM Arun Kumar Thatoy had been beaten up by masked men at his home.The factory operated under police protection on Monday. \"We feel much safer today and production has been normal,\" said Niranjan Gourisaria, GM-in-charge, JBIL. The 'local political party' has to understand that all the people cannot be given jobs, he explained.The management has named five persons - including Inttuc leader Ashim Pramanik - in its FIR. He obtained anticipatory bail on Monday. Thatoy has also lodged a general diary. Both cases are being investigated, said ADCP (east) Sunil Yadav. Thatoy has taken sick leave. \"I am in tremendous pain. They hit me repeatedly in the neck... It was 10 minutes of horror,\" he said.Rajiv Jajodia, joint MD of JBIL, thanked the administration for police protection. \"We hope the state government will help us run the factory smoothly in this challenging period,\" he said.Yesterday evening, commerce and industry minister Partha Chatterjee has called up from New Delhi and directed the INTTUC president of Durgapur, Prabhat Chatterjee to intervene and solve the problem of Jai Balaji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17657620", "title": "JNNURM-II likely to be launched after next LS poll", "text": "NEW DELHI: The official launch of phase-II of the UPA's flagship urban infrastructure augmentation scheme, Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), is likely to occur after the next parliamentary election. However, as a stop-gap arrangement, the Centre has decided to provide about Rs 15,000 crore for the scheme till 2014.States would pump in another Rs 10,000 crore for fresh projects to be covered under this scheme. Sources said that the decision was taken in the last week of November following a deadlock between the finance and urban development (UD) ministries over the issue of huge fund required for JNNURM-II. The finance ministry also wanted the cities and towns to be covered under this phase to carry out major second-generation reforms, including floating municipal bonds. The UD ministry had reportedly reasoned that the reform criteria should be akin to JNNURM-I.Government officials said the Central support of about Rs 15,000 crore would be allocated to civic bodies across states during the current fiscal and also in 2013-14. They said this is not a paltry sum and all smaller cities can benefit from this. The UD ministry had pushed the proposal for Central allocation of around Rs 1.20 lakh crore for the second phase so that almost all small cities and towns could be covered for infrastructure renewal.The JNNURM-I, which officially ended in March, involved Central aid of at least Rs 60,000 crore. Since many of the projects undertaken between 2007 and 2012 are still incomplete, the government has extended the deadline by another two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17659028", "title": "Former ACP faces heat over \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcfalse case\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: Following a magistrate court order, the MRA Marg police have registered a case against retired assistant commissioner of police Samsherkhan Pathan. The court passed the order after one Navin Kumar Hazari alleged that Pathan had registered a false case against him.Hazari and his aide Madhavi Pitre were arrested in October 2011 by the Antop Hill police after a businesswoman lodged a complaint against the duo for duping her of Rs 33 lakh on the pretext of doing business with her. The duo was later released on bail. The court order states that Pathan demanded Rs 12 lakh to go easy on Hazari. Reacting to the news, Pathan said that he would challenge the matter in the Bombay HC. \"If any government servant is discharging his lawful duty, sanction has to be sought from the government under Section 197 of the CrPC to file the case. No such permission was taken.\"Hazari stated that the allegations were false and baseless. The MRA Marg police have registered a case against Pathan and investigating officer Anand Koli under various sections of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17658557", "title": "Maoists torch vehicles, rail line work hit", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The third rail line construction between Manoharpur and Rourkela under Chakradharpur railway division was stalled following the suspension of Goelkera-Posiata track works in West Singhbhum. Work got hampered as suspected Maoists torched 25 heavy vehicles and machinery, on Sunday late night, which were involved in the building of the track and tunnel.The following morning, an uneasy calm prevailed at the incident site with employees of the construction company still struggling to overcome the shocking incident. However, the senior police officers' visit to the site infused some amount of confidence into the labourers.This was the second successful attack within a fortnight, by suspected rebels in Saranda forest area, despite the presence of huge security forces for operation Anaconda II. In the last week of November, rebels had torched six earth movers of a road construction company.\"We were in the process of finalizing the nitty-gritty of deploying security personnel at the site but in the meantime this incident took place,\" said West Singhbhum police superintendent Pankaj Kamboj following his visit to the site on Monday. He, however, said police will also probe into the role of the contractor.Out of the 25 vehicles that were set on fire, 16 were dumpers besides excavator, road-roller and earth digging machine. Seven trucks were also partially burnt at the site.According to sources from the construction site, over 40 rebels including few armed guerrillas and some women ultras raided the site at Derwan and asked over 100 construction workers present there to switch off their mobile phones, if any, and subsequently set fire to the vehicles before escaping from the site within minutes. \"They threatened us of repeating the same if levy is not paid to them,\" said an employee of the company.Police sources said the squad of zonal commander Prasadji squad is involved in the attack. \"His name has appeared in several of the criminal activities including a similar incident of torching the vehicles in Posiata in August last year and tying can bomb to a passenger train (Bilaspur bound) in Tunia in May the same year,\" said a senior police officer of the district involved in the anti-Maoist operation in Saranda.It is learnt that Triveni Constructions, which is a petty construction company, had informed the district police about the issue of Maoists' levy demand early last week following which the police decided to deploy security forces at the sight. \"We have not yet calculated the loss but certainly it's a setback to our company,\" said Triveni Constructions site manager Pinaki.The SP, however, said para-military will be deployed at the site. Police have launched a massive hunt to nab the rebels involved in the criminal act.The railway authorities in the Chakradharpur division have said the Goelkera incident will moderately affect the ongoing construction work. \"In Sonuwa the construction work is progressing smoothly. In Goelkera the work would resume soon,\" said a senior official from the divisional office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17658746", "title": "Three students drown in Mahasamund district", "text": "RAIPUR: Three students drowned in a river in Mahasamund district of Chhattisgarh during a school picnic.The students of Shakuntala Vidyalaya, Bhilai were on a school tour to Sirpur village in Mahasamund yesterday. They went for a swim in the Mahanadi river when three of them, all students of Class XI, were washed away. The other students raised an alarm after they could not locate them, the cops said.\"Three students were washed away by the heavy current,\" Superintendent of Police T R Paikra said, adding that the bodies were later fished out from the river. The deceased were identified as - Mayank Thakur, Ankit Kishor and Anugrah Daniel, the SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17657488", "title": "Slight drop in temperature, clear sky for Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: After witnessing an overcast sky for past few days, Delhiites woke up to a cold but clear day on Monday. The minimum temperature remained three degrees above normal at 11.2 degrees Celsius, while maximum was recorded at 22.8 degrees Celsius, MeT department said.The humidity level oscillated between 37 and 95 %. MeT predicted a clear sky on Tuesday with mist or shallow fog in the morning. The minimum and maximum are likely to remain at 11 and 23 degree Celsius respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17656985", "title": "BJP leader to be NDA's PM candidate: Nitish Kumar", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Monday said only a BJP leader should be the prime ministerial candidate of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) in the next Lok Sabha election.\"I think a leader from the largest party in the NDA should be the alliance's prime ministerial candidate,\" Kumar said while replying to a question on the BJP national spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad's recent statement that NDA's prime ministerial candidate would come from the BJP.\"I am telling this every day. If Ravi Shankar Prasad is repeating my stand, there is no harm in it. I have time and again clarified that I am not in the race for PM's post. I don't even think of it. Whatever capacity and strength I have, I want to apply them for serving people of Bihar,\" Kumar said after his janata darbar.He, however, declined to comment on the high percentage of polling in Gujarat assembly election. \"I don't think it proper to boast my expertise on Gujarat polls by saying anything on its trend. I am not an expert on it. I can only say that if voting percentage has increased there, it shows people's increasing faith in democracy.\"Kumar also refused to comment on the possibility of Gujarat CM Narendra Modi becoming the BJP's prime ministerial candidate. Earlier, Kumar and his party, the JD-U, had expressed strong reservations against Modi being the BJP's man for the post. Kumar had said earlier that his party would not take a minute to break its ties with the BJP if the latter projected Modi for the PM's post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17659331", "title": "40-min ride: Beaten, raped &amp; dumped", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was a 40-minute ordeal which is likely to haunt not only the victim and her friend but all commuters who are out during the evening and night. The movie was over and the two were waiting for a bus around 9.15 pm when a white luxury deluxe bus - looked like a chartered bus that ferries officegoers daily in the capital - stopped near them at the Munirka bus stand. A person standing near the front door of bus, posing as the conductor, called out for passengers for Dwarka. The girl had to go to Mahavir Enclave, which is at Palam, and asked if they would drop her there. The man readily agreed.After just 15 minutes, the nightmare began unfolding. What began as misbehaviour soon turned into violence and bestiality. The Times of India accessed the primary statement of the victim's male friend which recalls the entire horror story.According to the statement, after boarding the bus, they noticed there were seven men inside - one driving, two sitting at the front and four at the rear. The couple had settled down in the middle. Around 9.30 pm, the drunken men started misbehaving with the girl and began passing comments like \"Ladke ke saath ghumke aa rahi hai, maze lekar aa rahi hai,\" (you were hanging out with a boy and having fun) said a source. When the woman's friend objected to the comments, the men had an argument with him and started beating him up.When the boy retaliated, two men gagged him near the driver's seat, hit him with iron rods and punched him several times. Meanwhile, four men pinned down the woman. She was repeatedly hit in the abdomen by five of the men, who also took turns to rape her. The girl was almost unconscious when she was sexually assaulted, say the investigators and doctors.During the entire incident, the boy made desperate efforts to save the victim and begged with the men to let her go, said a source. The boy told the cops in his complaint that the men seemed to be speaking a Haryanvi dialect while interacting with each other and smelt of alcohol.The door of bus remained shut as it moved and sources said it probably went towards Palam and Kapashera before coming to the Mahipalpur flyover. \"They stripped the victims of their clothes and dumped them there. The girl was unconscious at that time. They took away their mobile phones, credit cards and cash (Rs 1,000) before fleeing. The man just managed to notice the first initials of the registration number - DL1PB - as he was also badly injured. The number finally turned out to be DL1PB 0149.It was 10.10 pm when they were thrown out of the bus. They were lying on the roadside for a few minutes after which the boy mustered up some courage to come out on the road. That's when a passerby spotted them and called up the cops. Around 200 people had gathered there by the time the police arrived, said a source.Delhi Police has registered a case under sections 376 G (gangrape), 365 (kidnapping or abduction with intent to secretly and wrongfully confine a person), 368 (wrongfully concealing or keeping in confinement a kidnapped or abducted person), 394 (robbery ) and hurt of Indian Penal Code at Vasant Vihar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17659135", "title": "Bedridden since 18 years, social worker stands up for democracy", "text": "VADODARA: He has been bed-ridden for last 18 years and hasn't been able to move even an inch on his own. But that didn't deter 53-year-old Sunil Desai from casting his vote during the assembly polls on Monday. Desai didn't even mind hiring a private tempo to carry him to the polling booth in Karelibaug.Desai is suffering from quadriplegia wherein his entire body below the neck has been left paralyzed after he met with an accident in 1994. Despite a series of surgeries and treatments the doctors failed to revive his health.\"It was a tough task to cast my vote but I was determined to vote. I sought help from a political party to carry me to the polling booth but they said they can't help. So I decided to hire a vehicle on my own,\" Desai told TOI.\"I would have felt that I missed out on a big opportunity if I hadn't voted. It was a painful exercise to be carried to the polling booth but I was happy that I did cast my vote,\" added Desai who voted in Lal Bahadur Shastri School.Desai runs an old age care centre that gives shelter to senior citizens. He manages the centre from his bed and with great support from his wife and other family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17658374", "title": "Bentley mean machines woo Kolkata's super-rich", "text": "KOLKATA: Indian representatives of Bentley, the handcrafted super-luxury automotive marquee, believe it is the \"conservative\" gene of Kolkatans and not dearth of money that has stopped them from making big-ticket purchases at home.\"There are a lot of rich folks in Kolkata. In fact, families of most industrialists are still based in the city. People here have taste for exclusive things but are extremely cautious while spending. They don't want to attract undue attention unlike Delhi where people are flamboyant and want to be seen in a super-luxury car to announce to the world that they have arrived. In Mumbai, people want to reward themselves when they achieved something in life,\" Bentley New Delhi brand manager Amy Arora told TOI.She was in the city during the weekend to showcase the range of Bentley cars and woo the city's rich to live it up. On display was its flagship model Mulsanne that carries a base sticker price of Rs 4.10 crore, Continental Grant Tourer V8 at Rs 2.40 crore, Continental Flying Spur at Rs 2.14 crore and Continental Flying Spur Speed at Rs 2.38 crore. Only the Continental GT Convertible that retails at Rs 1.87 crore was not on display.\"There is a lot of money in the city, a lot of hidden potential. Porsche is opening a showroom shortly, Jaguar is already here and Mercedes, BMW , Audi cars are all over the place. This wasn't so till three-four years ago. That's the reason we are here to let customers touch and feel the cars,\" she remarked.Three persons in the city already own Bentleys while two others own Rolls-Royce cars. It isn't known if there is a Bugati owner too but there are several high-end Porsche and Ferrari in Kolkata with Maserati and Lamborghini revving up.Satya Prakash Bagla, managing director of Exclusive Motors Pvt Ltd that is the sole importer and dealer of Bentley cars in India, said owners of Bentley, Rolls-Royce, Lamborghini or Ferrari in India are several times richer than the average buyer of these cars in the West.\"Had people here with pockets as deep as buyers of super-luxury cars elsewhere walked into showrooms, I think the number of Bentleys on the road would have been 20 times of what we have now,\" said Bagla. Till now, 300 Bentley cars have been sold in the country since the first car was imported in 2003.The financial meltdown in 2008 and the current economic slowdown have stymied the growth of super-luxury car sales in India. Though Bentley's representative in India claimed a 20% increase in sales in 2012 over the previous year, he acknowledged that growth had been suppressed by the general economic outlook that advised caution and discouraged high spends.While high network individuals that are holding back purchase don't need to tread cautiously, many do so to avoid getting socially secluded. They don't want to make a big-ticket purchase at a difficult time and stick out like a sore thumb.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "public health foundation of india president dr k srinath reddy 's high level expert group on universal health coverage, constituted by the planning commission of india, has submitted its report which also refers to healthcare scenario in bihar. banjot kaur bhat ia caught up with the padma awardee in delhi. excerpts", "code": "17657009", "title": "Centre must aid Bihar better healthcare: Dr K Srinath Reddy", "text": "Public Health Foundation of India president Dr K Srinath Reddy 's High Level Expert Group on universal health coverage, constituted by the Planning Commission of India, has submitted its report which also refers to healthcare scenario in Bihar. Banjot Kaur Bhat ia caught up with the Padma awardee in Delhi. Excerpts:HLEG's report has estimated Bihar would have the second lowest per capita public spending on health in the country by 2020. Don't you think this will adversely affect the ongoing health programmes and that the Centre should step in?Yes, this will impact the healthcare in the state in long terms. We, therefore, recommend that the Centre should preferentially allocate more health funds to Bihar. Of late, the health indicators in Bihar have somewhat improved. But to catch up with the national average, the Centre must step in. Any health policy made at the central level must look into safeguarding the interests of states like Bihar and UP.What's your assessment of the existing health infrastructure in Bihar?Bihar's problem is the failure of its primary healthcare, mainly due to lack of manpower. Our study found many sub-centres of health functioning sans ANMs though two are a must. If multipurpose healthcare providers are made available at district hospitals, people from far-flung areas need not come to Patna for treatment of even minor diseases.Do you think mushrooming private healthcare units will be of help?Private healthcare providers mostly focus on tertiary healthcare which is often expensive. Everything, therefore, can't be left to them. In the existing scenario, however, they can be contracted with to provide services at the district hospitals in order to achieve universal health coverage. But no one should be allowed to mint money.State Health Society-Bihar recently signed an MoU with a telemedicine firm. What do you think about this and other such IT-enabled projects?Telemedicine or any other IT-enabled service can deliver only if there are the front line workers at the village and district levels. Infotech can be an enabler, not a substitute. Before investing in it, the investment has to be made in trained and motivated health resources.Newspapers recently reported non-availability of drugs at district hospitals as well as a medical college in Patna...Mean availability of the essential drugs in Bihar on the survey day was 43% as against 88% in Tamil Nadu. As for drug 'stock-outs', Bihar's health facilities registered an average of 42% as against 17% of Tamil Nadu. Tamil Nadu buys drugs in bulk at prices far cheaper than market prices. Bihar can also adopt the TN model with local variations.Your report says there must be 27 medical colleges in Bihar for universal health coverage, but there are currently only eight. There is also shortage of doctors...Nothing can compensate for non-availability of medical colleges. If the state is not funding medical colleges, the Centre must do it. Private sector is not going to construct medical colleges in rural areas. The problem of shortage of doctors can be tackled innovatively. Let, for instance, 50% of the medical seats be reserved for 'local' candidates and let the state fund their education with the rider that they on completion of their education would serve the 'local' hospital for, say, five years. After five years, a fresh batch of medical students would pass out to succeed them.Kala-azar and Japanese Encephalitis are annual menace in Bihar...Yes. Health package for Bihar must be framed keeping in mind these diseases. Multi-sectoral interventions on sanitation and drinking water fronts are also required to tackle this.Bihar recently got its AIIMS. How do you think it would contribute to state's health services?Bihar's health needs are vast. JPNAIIMS will only address the tertiary healthcare, for which people need not rush to Delhi every time. But if you don't focus on primary and secondary care, all the health issues would not be addressed.Your report talks about establishing a framework of universal healthcare coverage. But how a financially constrained state like Bihar will implement it?This is to be negotiated. On December 27, the 12th Plan document has to be debated in the National Development Council. I hope Bihar CM Nitish Kumar, known as a champion of social causes, would press the Centre to agree to spend more on health to ensure universal health coverage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17659719", "title": "All four DCHL independent directors resign", "text": "HYDERABAD: Beleaguered Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd (DCHL) on Monday informed the bourses that all its independent directors had resigned from the company's board and their resignations had been accepted by the company at its board meeting on December 8.The four independent directors that quit include M Sukumar Reddy, G Kumar, V Suresh and P Siddhartha.While the company did not offer any reasons for the resignations, it said the board of directors had appointed V Lakshmana Charya , Venkateswarlu Malapaka and S Suresh as additional, non-executive independent directors. DCHL also said that it had re-constituted its audit, remuneration and investors' grievance committees .It was only in July-end that DCHL's woes came to light after the departure of its former managing director N Krishnan.The latest departures at the debt-ridden DCHL come even as the company has been unable to restructure its debt and is embroiled in various legal battles with its lenders over repayment of loans reported to be in the region of Rs 5,000 crore.While around half a dozen lenders including IFCI, Photon , Adonis and Royal Sundaram have filed winding up petitions against the company in the Andhra Pradesh high court, another half dozen companies have approached the debts recovery tribunal (DRT) seeking recovery of their debts and attachment of the assets, movable and immovable, of the company and its promoters.Earlier this month, DRT Hyderabad directed the company and its promoters not to transfer, sell or mortgage their assets till it disposes of the petition filed by ICICI Bank against the company seeking recovery of Rs 511 crore, while DRT Delhi has already attached a few bank accounts of the companies with ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank in response to recovery pleas by lenders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17658284", "title": "Excise department nabs two ganja peddlers", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Two youth were arrested while negotiating a deal of ganja by the excise department on Sunday.Jayan P (27) from Panachikkad and Ajeesh K (27) from Channan Ikkad were detained from the premises of Government Hospital near Kurichy Mandiram Junction.According to excise officials, Jayan is a wholesale dealer while Ajesh is a drug peddler.Around 1 kg of ganja was seized from them. Their bike was also taken into custody.Based on a tip off, the officers in plain clothes were waiting in a car when Jayan and his friend Vinod Kumar arrived here on a bike to handover ganja to Ajeesh.The duo fled from the scene after realising they were being tracked while Ajeesh was detained.The officials after questioning Ajeesh came to know that the duo had gone to a toddy parlour in Kattampak. The officials raided the parlour and detained Jayan while his friend Vinod Kumar escaped. The arrested were remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17659570", "title": "Learning abacus works wonders for girl scared of numbers", "text": "NAGPUR: A student, who was once scared of numbers, has attained third position in a national-level mathematics contest with the help of an ancient calculation tool - abacus.Pendyala Himaja, a std VI student of city's VT Convent, achieved the feat at the second level of National Mental Arithmetic competition organized by SIP Abacus and Brain Gym Academy. The contest, which saw participation by 4500 students from across the country, required them to solve 80 problems in five minutes. Himaja solved 54 problems.An elated Pendyala Hema, Himaja's mother, said, \"I had heard a lot about abacus and wished that my daughter should also learn it. Luckily, she took a liking to it and showed a natural flair. The biggest benefit of learning abacus for Himaja was she overcame her fear of mathematics. Her low grades in maths were affecting her confidence level, resulting in falling grades in other subjects too.\" This recent success has helped the teenager regain her confidence, she added.Himaja said that practicing on an abacus actually freshens her up and gets into the right mood for study. The girl, who aims to become a doctor, would like to continue learning abacus skills till she attains the level of a 'grandmaster'. \"It feels amazing that such an ancient device can be used even hundreds of years later. Having learnt its use, I can do all sorts of calculations faster than my classmates even manually,\" she gushed.Her trainer Vichardini Mishra, too, was all praise for Himaja. \"The fact she comes all the way from Wadi to Pratap Nagar for the classes everyday speaks a lot about her dedication. During the regional level of the competition, Himaja also appeared for school examinations. Still, she managed to secure first position,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17657961", "title": "Disparate voices in Sena leave partymen confused", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shivaji Park memorial row has left the Shiv Sena rank-and-file splendidly confused about how the party will map its future course in the post-Balasaheb era.A section in the Sena thinks that the Thackeray memorial controversy has shown cracks in the party's monolithic, centralized structure. \"For a full three weeks, everyone in the party spoke on the row, except Uddhavsaheb (the president of the party). This never happened under Balasaheb's leadership. As a result, partymen were confused for a full three weeks,\" admitted a Sena functionary on Monday.Pointing out that the Sena has assured the Democratic Front (DF) government and the BMC that the makeshift structure at Shivaji Park would be dismantled, the party functionary said, \"But, there is no final decision on this as yet. There is no move from the party leadership to either pull down the structure or re-locate it. Worse, Shiv Sainiks are not briefed by party seniors about the delay in implementing the assurance given by Uddhav-ji to the state government.\"\"The Sena spoke in too many voices on the 'samadhi' controversy. The Sainiks are not comfortable with such political culture. They are used to Balasaheb's 'aadesh' (diktat), which Saamna would put on page one,\" he said, adding, \"With Uddhavsaheb keeping silent, other leaders were busy offering sound-bites to media persons on the memorial row, obviously to impress Matoshree and party workers. But the Sainiks are too deeply steeped in Balasaheb's style of functioning and his values to understand the new trends in the Sena.\"However, one of Uddhav's close aides said the Sena CEO was in \"full command\" of the situation in the wake of the memorial imbroglio. \"Uddhav-ji has been touring a lot over the last two weeks. He went to Vidarbha and Marathwada to meet party workers who have been mourning Balasaheb's loss. He issued a proper statement on the memorial row after he returned from his tour last week. He has also made it clear to senior Sena functionaries that his will be the final word in the organization,\" said the aide.Uddhav's statement last week offering an olive branch to the ruling DF and the BMC on the memorial issue is also seen as a veiled warning to party seniors that he alone would resolve the row and that they shouldn't paint the town red with their public statements, say political observers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17659688", "title": "Altruism? Greed more powerful", "text": "WASHINGTON: People are more likely to look out for themselves when it comes to work or money, a new study has found, adding that chances of people 'paying forward' generosity are grim.According to new research published by the American Psychological Association, 'paying it forward' \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a popular expression for extending generosity to others after someone has been generous to you \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is a heartwarming concept , but it is less common than repaying greed with greed.\"Focusing on the negative may cause unhappiness, but it makes sense as an evolutionary survival skill,\" said lead researcher, Kurt Gray. \"If there is a tiger nearby, you really have to take notice or you'll get eaten. If there is a beautiful sunset or delicious food, it's not a life-or-death situation,\" he added. \"The idea of paying it forward is this cascade of goodwill will turn into a utopia with everyone helping everyone. Unfortunately , greed or looking out for ourselves is more powerful than true acts of generosity,\" Gray said. The study is the first systematic investigation of paying forward generosity, equality or greed, authors said.\"The bulk of the research on this concept has focused on good behaviour, and we wondered what would happen when you looked at the entire gamut of human behaviours ,\" said Gray, an assistant professor of social psychology at the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill. In five experiments involving money or work, participants who received an act of generosity didn't pay generosity forward. But participants who had been victims of greed were more likely to pay greed forward to a future recipient, creating a negative chain reaction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17658445", "title": "Burglary at retail shop", "text": "RANCHI: A thief decamped with Rs 27,000 cash from Big-Bazaar on Main Road here early on Monday night.The incident occurred around 2am when the store was closed and guards stood at the main gate of the building. An FIR has been lodged with Chutia police station in this connection. Interestingly, the thief tied several saaris to make a rope and got down to the ground floor from windows at the top floor of the building.Store manager Satyajeet Khan, who has filed the FIR, said the cash manager of the store found the money missing and raised the alarm. CCTV footage showed a person wearing a mask broke the cash box and decamped with the money.Anil Kumar, officer in charge of Chutia police station said, \"It is likely that the thief was familiar with the whereabouts of the store.\" Police are investigating .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17658131", "title": "The Second coming of sax", "text": "Talk of a comeback. Just over a year after his arrest on charges of cheating, Hansraj Saxena has managed to strike out on his own in Kollywood. Out on bail after 72 days in jail, he launched a film production and distribution company named Sax Pictures, which made its debut with a moderately successful multi-lingual feature, 'Chaarulatha'. Sax Pictures is now busy putting final touches on a second project, a Tamil-Telugu bilingual named 'Shivani'.His resurgence is evident from the fact that there is talk of a movie starring Rajinikanth . The project has the industry waiting in anticipation as it could mark the coming together of the Superstar and the marketing talent of Sax, as he is popularly known.All this was inconceivable a year ago when Saxena was arrested at Chennai airport soon after he arrived on a flight from Hyderabad. \"My success made me a bad boy. When we took over the reins of 'Enthiran' from its original producers Ayngaran International, nobody expected it to become such a huge hit. But I convinced Kalanithi Maran (Sun TV Network chairman, who also owns Sun Pictures) that we could make it work. After the movie made a lot of money, my former colleagues became jealous of my success. And they got false cases foisted on me.\"And this resulted, he claims, in his fall from grace.\"Kalanithi dissociated himself from me...\" From being the CEO of the most influential film production house in south India, he ended up a jailbird. \"I am not a terrorist. What was the reason to pick me up at the airport? I guess after a complaint was filed, some cops got excited and thought they could use me to get a handle on Kalanithi Maran. And they were very disappointed when I had nothing sensational to disclose about the Sun group. I don't blame the government or the cops for my arrest because I know for a fact that my former colleagues in Sun TV misled them,\" he says.During his tenure, Sun Pictures was accused of arm-twisting producers using political and financial muscle, but Sax insists the deals he entered into were above board. He says, \"I was doing genuine business. Even if someone had accused me of cheating, it would just have been a civil case, there was no reason to arrest me; we could have sat across the table and resolved any problem.\"Sun TV chose to steer clear of Saxena after cheating cases were filed against him, preferring to settle directly with those who he had done business with on their behalf. However, Saxena claims it was his erstwhile colleagues who misrepresented his role before the Sun management. If his dealings were not above board, why would people who complained against him come back to work with him after his release, asks Sax, quoting the example of producer-director Sakthi Chidambaram. The latter says, \"I had filed a case against Sax and R Ayyappan (film distributor, who owns Sri Devar Pictures) as some money was due to me from Sun Pictures after I distributed 'Enthiran' in Chengalpattu.As I did not receive the money even after a year, I filed a complaint with the police. Later, I realized they were not to blame, and I withdrew the complaint.\" Today, though most cases have been withdrawn, the ordeal he faced in jail still rankles Sax. Also, there is still the unresolved issue of transactions dating back to that period. But Saxenapresents himself as blameless and chooses to put the onus entirely on his ex-employer. Despite repeated attempts, no official from Sun was available for comment.Distributor demands paymentsA close aide of Hansraj Saxena, film distributor R Ayyappan, on Monday filed a police complaint against Sun Group chief Kalanithi Maran and three others on charges of cheating and criminal intimidation. Saxena was with Ayyappan when he submitted the complaint to Chennai police commissioner S George. In his complaint, Ayyappan said he had been in film production and distribution rights for 20 years. He said he had secured the distribution rights for 17 films produced by Sun Pictures, and distributed them for screening, with an oral agreement of two per cent as commission per film. He said the Sun had earned nearly Rs 400 crore through screening of the films across the state but failed to pay the agreed amount to him and other distributors, which works out to Rs 24 crore. Ayyappan said he was forced to pay Rs 4.36 crore from his pocket to some distributors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17657358", "title": "15-day grace before mobile tower sealing", "text": "NEW DELHI: All three municipal corporations have decided to postpone the sealing of unauthorized cellphone towers for the next 15 days, giving time to the operators to get their towers regulated. A delegation of cellphone operators approached the three municipal commissioners on Monday afternoon and held a meeting.\"The three commissioners held a meeting with representatives of the companies on Monday to sort out the issue, so the sealing drive has been postponed for now. No action will be taken for the next 15 days but if the operators do not get their illegal towers regulated and repaired so that they are structurally safe, then they will face sealing,\" said P K Gupta, commissioner, North corporation. The corporation has so far issued sealing notices to 650 mobile towers that were operating illegally from various areas of north Delhi.South Delhi, which has 1,549 illegal cellphone towers, too, has gone soft on the drive with no new sealing taking place. Meanwhile, East corporation sent notices to 60 unauthorized cellphone tower operators on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17658992", "title": "Lack of IT facilities prevents schools from applying for CBSE international curriculum", "text": "GUWAHATI: Poor infrastructural facilities have prevented most schools under the Central Secondary Education Board (CBSE) in the northeast from implementing CBSE-I, the board's international curriculum introduced by Union human development minister Kapil Sibal in 2009. Schools need to have proper IT facilities in order to implement the CBSE-I curriculum.Talking to TOI, the regional head of CBSE, K K Choudhury said, \"Around four to five private schools in Assam have applied for the CBSE-I curriculum, but the schools will get affiliation only after proper inspection. The inspection will be carried out in mid-January. Except Assam, schools from no other states in the region have applied for this curriculum.\"When asked whether any government schools under the CBSE have opted for this course, he said government schools are not applying because they don't have proper facilities. Even Kendriya Vidyalayas are also not applying for this curriculum, he informed.\"The course is open to all the schools affiliated to the board. But they have to fulfill the requirements of the international curriculum in order to be given affiliation to implement the international curriculum,\" he added.Earlier, when the curriculum was introduced, it was applicable only to foreign schools, but from 2010, the board decided to open the curriculum to national schools also. Around 50 schools from across the country have got affiliation to run this curriculum till now.\"The schools opting for this curriculum apply directly to our headquarters. Most of the government schools in Arunachal Pradesh and Sikkim are under the CBSE, but the infrastructural conditions of those schools are so bad that they will not be able to meet the criteria for the CBSE-I curriculum. If the government improves the infrastructural facilities and make them tech savvy, then they can apply,\" Choudhury said.Only a handful of schools in the NE have high-tech IT facilities. Schools that apply for affiliation to the CBSE-I curriculum are first inspected by an inspection team which checks whether the school is IT savvy or not and whether the teachers are competent enough to teach the children through Social Empowerment through Work and Activity (SEWA), Choudhury explained.He further said, \"The CBSE-I curriculum mainly focuses on experiential learning. More emphasis is given to activities and the method of teaching is activity based. The curriculum is applicable up to Class X.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17658513", "title": "Kejriwal writes to PM for release of Indian hostages", "text": "NEW DELHI: Expressing deep concern over the plight of 17 Indian crew members of MT Royal Grace who have been held hostage by Somali pirates since March 2, Aam Aadmi Party national convener Arvind Kejriwal has written to the PM to resolve the issue soon. Kejriwal also asked the government to reinforce naval presence in the Indian Ocean.\"It is regrettable that even after nine months, the government has not taken any steps that could resolve the situation or even offer some ray of hope. The family members of these unfortunate victims have been left with no option but to stage dharna before various ministries in the capital. They cannot but conclude that this indifferent treatment has been meted out to them because they are just aam aadmi,'' Kejriwal said in his letter.He added that this was not an isolated incident and Somali pirates had repeatedly attacked seafarers. \"Nearly 150 hostages, Indians disproportionately more than the rest, are still languishing in the captivity of the pirates,'' he said. The party has demanded the government take remedial measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17658999", "title": "Jharkhand Mukti Morcha to fight election", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) will contest the coming panchayat polls in Assam. With a view to spreading its wings in eastern and northeastern states, the party has announced fielding 4,000 candidates in the panchayat polls.JMM, which claims to champion tribal causes, sees an opportunity to find a foothold in Assam politics by extending support to the sizeable number of the Jharkhand-origin tribals who are seeking Scheduled Tribe (ST) status in the northeastern state. \"We are concentrating on the four tribal dominated districts, including Kokrajhar and Dibrugarh, and have decided to field our candidates in these four,\" said senior party leader and Bahragora MLA, Vidyut Varun Mahato, on Monday.Two cabinet ministers in the Arjun Munda government, Champai Soren and Mathura Prasad Mahato, and the Ghatshila legislator travelled several places in Dibrugarh and addressed a public rally on Sunday. \"I am sure our support to the demand of the Jharkhand tribals in Assam seeking ST status will go down well with them and help us consolidating our position in the state,\" Mahato said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17658806", "title": "Security scare for schools in US town", "text": "NEW YORK: Schools in a Connecticut town near where a gunman massacred 28 people at another school last week were briefly locked down Monday after security jitters.Public schools in Ridgefield were \"put in lockdown\" and police were deployed at each building after reports of a \"possibly suspicious person who might be armed\", the school authorities said.About two hours later, the security blanket was lifted. \"The police have given the all clear. After an extensive search, no dangerous activity was discovered,\" the school system said on its website.Ridgefield is close to Newtown, where a deranged 20-year-old resident entered the elementary school on Friday and shot 28 people, including 20 small children.In nearby Redding, schools were locked down as a precaution, police said. Ridgefield is about 30km from Newtown. In Redding, about 16km from Newtown, police gave no indication of whether there was a threat.\"Schools are in lockdown as a precautionary measure, that's all I can say,\" a Redding police dispatcher said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17657136", "title": "Now, renew your pool licence every 5 years", "text": "GURGAON: Licences of swimming pools need not be renewed every year as the district sports department has decided to relax the renewal time period to five years.The move will not only bring relief to the pool owners but also for the city swimmers, who faced difficulty due to delay in opening of pools during the swimming season.Issuing a new set of rules, the district sports department has sought affidavits from the swimming pool owners that the pool owner would be responsible for any untoward incident on his premises.As per the new rules, the pool owners will have to deposit the fees for five years along with the affidavit. The sports department official said that there were around 100 swimming pools in the city, which get their licence renewed every year, their licence will now be renewed once in five years.District Sports Officer Kulwinder Singh said the decision has been taken keeping in mind the work load of the department and inconvenience caused to the pool owners and swimmers. \"It will offer relief to overburdened staff and provide hassle free process to pool owners,\" added Singh.However, as per source, Gurgaon has around 200 swimming pools in the city and out of which only 100 has been issued license to run the swimming facility during the summer season. The remaining pools have not been issued licence because they either failed to fulfil the mandatory norms or did not bother to apply for renewal.Though the sports department might have taken the step for its own convenience the swimmers and pool owners have welcomed the move. Abhishek Gaur, a regular swimmer, said many pools faced closure or delay in operating due to complicated renewal process every year but the new rule would make the operation hassle-free.A swimming pool owner in Old Gurgaon said: \"Due to renewal of licence every year, the opening of the pool gets delayed every year as the renewal process is tardy and complicated\". He said the pool owners needed to 'pay' to government agencies concerned including cops, water testing and others to get the renewed licence. \"With the five-year renewal norm in place, the pool owner will operate pools in a better manner and also take measures to prevent any untoward incident,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "17659737", "title": "CCI throws cotton ryots at mercy of middlemen", "text": "GUNTUR: The Cotton Corporation of India (CCI) is resorting to arm-twisting tactics to purchase produce from farmers . Farmers in all the cotton-growing districts are forced to wait for the middlemen to lift their stocks as the CCI is said to be deliberately refusing to intervene.The farmers had hopes of getting the minimum support price (MSP) after suffering massive losses in the untimely rains triggered by cyclone Nilam . But that is not to be as the CCI is not accepting the stocks on the pretest of poor quality. Consequently, the farmers are being forced to sell their produce to the middlemen at much lower prices. Ironically, the CCI's agents are accepting the same stocks from the brokers. In fact, the Centre had asked the CCI to swing into action and pick up the stocks almost 30 days ago after sensing that the market conditions did not favour farmers.Surprisingly, the CCI officials in Andhra Pradesh took their own time to open the purchase centres citing lack of godown space and ginning sources. \"The CCI deliberately delayed purchases only to force the farmers into distress sale. It is an open secret that the CCI officials connived with the middlemen resulting in loss to farmers,\" alleged former minister and senior TDP leader Kodela Sivaprasada Rao. With the merchants not showing any hurry to pick up the stocks at the prevailing price of Rs 3,900 per quintal, the CCI played a diabolical role in inducing price fall to benefit the merchants and spinning mill managements , he said.While CCI was asked to purchase the stocks under market intervention scheme to stabilize the prices, speculation is rife that the officials were playing into the hands of the merchants. According to information, the cotton production from the state during the current season is expected to touch about 75 lakh bales against the previous year's 55 lakh bale. However, the cotton farmers hoped to reap benefits as the over-all country's production has come down by at least 25-30 lakh bales and the increased production from the state has been expected to compensate the national pool requirements.Contrary to their expectation, the price tailspin began right from the day the harvest started reaching the market . The situation at several market yards is turning volatile following the violent protests from the farmers after the buyers refused to pick up the stocks. Sources said CCI officials were behind the agitations of the ginning mills and spinning mills in order to delay the purchases . While the ginning mills launched an indefinite strike demanding the waiver of power surcharges, the spinning mill managements have been demanding uninterrupted supply of power .Curiously, both the ginning mills and spinners decided to agitate only when the farmers brought their stocks to the market. The spinning mills have been opposing the MSP of Rs 3900 per quintal fixed by the Centre.\"I have sold nearly 90 quintals of stocks to a private merchant at Rs 2,850 per quintal as CCI officials refused to take it,\" said K Venkatramaiah of Krosure village in Guntur district.As against the total expected crop of about 75 lakh bales in the state, the Cotton Corporation of India (CCI) picked up just around 10 lakh bales leaving the farmers to the mercy of middlemen and private merchants. Sources said that the private merchants too picked up around 5 lakh bales by offering nearly Rs 800-Rs 1000 less than the MSP. \"We are picking up the stocks as per the norms. There is no place for middlemen. We are doing our best to alleviate the woes of the farmers ,\" S K Panigrahi, GM, CCI told TOI.Farmers fear that the stocks, which were partially damaged in the rains, would further decay if the purchases were delayed. A senior CCI official said that it would take at least 3-4 months to complete the procurement if the purchases were made at the same pace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17657664", "title": "HSBC accounts of Indians under I-T lens: Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: Finance minister P Chidambaram on Monday said the income tax department was probing the HSBC list of accounts held by Indians abroad, while securing the passage of the Prevention of Money Laundering Bill in the Rajya Sabha.\"HSBC list of accounts is being investigated by the income tax department and other departments,\" Chidambaram said in his reply to the discussion on the money laundering bill. The case of money laundering, he explained, would arise only if there was a predicate offence and the proceeds of that were used for money laundering purposes.The Prevention of Money Laundering (Amendment) Bill was passed by voice vote. It seeks to widen the definition of money laundering to include concealment, acquisition, possession and use of proceeds of crime as criminal activities.The bill was earlier passed by the Lok Sabha. It provides for removal of the Rs 5 lakh limit for fine laid down in the existing Act.Chidambaram's statement that the I-T department was probing the list of nearly 700 foreign accounts held by Indian individuals/entities came a month after Aam Aadmi Party national convener Arvind Kejriwal accused the government of not acting adequately on a list of HSBC accounts, including those held by top industrialists, shared by the French government in June 2011. The charges were, however, denied by the industrialists, including Mukesh Ambani who was named by Kejriwal as one of the account holders.A persistent Kejriwal, however, released the HSBC account numbers of Mukesh and Anil Ambani in Mumbai last week.Meanwhile, ahead of the bill's passage by the Rajya Sabha on Monday, Chidambaram emphasized that the PMLA had been amended twice earlier in 2005 and 2009, and must now be amended again in line with the international law, India being a member of the Financial Action Task Force on money laundering.Chidambaram said the bill seeks to enlarge definition of definition of predicate offences of money laundering and include activities that are defined as crime under various other laws.The minister said the amendment would introduce the concept of 'corresponding law' to link the provisions of Indian law with the laws of foreign countries.It proposes to make provision for attachment and confiscation of the proceeds of crime even if there is no conviction so long as it is proved that offence of money laundering has taken place and property in question is involved in money-laundering.It also provides for appeal against the orders of the Appellate Tribunal directly to the Supreme Court.Earlier, initiating the debate on the bill, Prakash Javadekar of the BJP expressed contentment at the government's acceptance of 18 recommendations of the parliamentary standing committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17659363", "title": "House tax issue dominates maiden session of Jalandhar's new municipal corporation", "text": "JALANDHAR: The first meeting of the new house of municipal corporation on Monday evening was not only lengthy, but also proved to be stormy as the major issue of heavy dues of house tax not being recovered from big institutions and the MC rather opting to avail loans, even as it was facing financial crisis, occupied the centre-stage in the proceedings.Congress councilor Shrawan Grover raised the issue that after a RTI application, MC officials \"discovered\" that DAV Institute of Engineering and Technology (DAVIET) was liable to pay house tax of Rs 1.80 crore annually and then the concerned department sent a notice to the institute for the same.Grover pointed out that MC officials conveniently forwent house tax for ten years - which accumulated to Rs 18 crore -- as the institute was working for the last eleven years. Congress councilors also demanded that a vigilance inquiry be ordered into the issue to fix responsibility as to who was responsible for not even levying the house tax.While it became evident from MC's own notice to DAVIET that they were to recover dues of Rs 18 crore from a single institute, it was pointed out by the councilor that MC was availing a loan of Rs 15 crore from Jalandhar Improvement Trust. The councilors also pointed out that other DAV institutes were also not being levied house tax. Some BJP councilors also advocated recovery of house tax from such institutes.Mayor Sunil Jyoti said that he would get the issue examined by a forming a committee.Meanwhile, Congress councillor Jagdish Raj Raja, who is also leader of the Congress party in the house, said that two contractors of MC for maintenance of street lights were committing several violations, but they were not being fined. If they were fined as per the agreement, then fine for his ward alone comes to Rs 1.70 lakh. If all the wards would be checked, then cumulatiave fine could run into crores of rupees, he said. Congress and BJP councilors said that MC should immediately make the recoveries for increasing its own income.Interestingly, proximity of one contractor to a former SAD minister is well known and a couple of months ago, a photojournalist of a Hindi daily was electrocuted by a naked wire lying on the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17657132", "title": "Exports in the garment sector drop by over 20%", "text": "GURGAON: The largest employer, plus the most lucrative industrial segment in Gurgaon, the garment sector is going through tough times these days. According to analysts, exports to countries in Europe have fallen by as much as 20%, and to the USA, the other big market, by around 8%. The Apparel Export Promotion Council (AEPC) which is headquartered here, has now issued a set of recommendations, which, it claims, can effectively remedy this decline.The AEPC proposal, which is addressed to the department of commerce of the government of India, promises to enhance the export business by 10% by 2013, and by '100% in the next three years.'\"On behalf of the garment and textile exports our proposal was submitted to S R Rao, the commerce secretary,\" said A Sakthivel, chairman, AEPC. The council has proposed that cotton yarn and fabric 'be permitted imports without license at flat fixed customs duty rate.'\"Under this proposal, the procedural hurdles that are faced by the SMEs will get solved,\" said Sakthivel.The garment sector employs over 7 lakh people in Gurgaon alone, most of them migrants from states like UP, Bihar and West Bengal. Although no official figures are available as to the extent of job losses suffered here, but the damage, according to industrialists has been far reaching. \"Export units have been in a bad way ever since the 2008 recession in the US. And this has had a direct bearing on manufacturers also, which is resulting job cuts and downsizing all through,\" said a firm owner in Udyog Vihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17659834", "title": "Fill up the vacancies immediately", "text": "Leaving important agencies rudderless for so long gives us an indication of how seriously the government takes these agencies. The State Women's Commission and the State Human Rights Commission are two of the more important agencies that give victims of state callousness another forum for getting justice. The government should take these commissions more seriously if it wants to be seen as being sensitive to the plight of persons, who may have been denied what is due to them by government agencies.Related article:  State human rights panel defunct for 9 months now", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17659410", "title": "Time to set up special courts for crime against women", "text": "The horrifying frequency with which incidents of rape occur, particularly in the national capital, calls for some urgent action. Most of those who have analysed the situation agree that one of the factors is the low rate of conviction as well as the time it gets to secure it. This reduces the effectiveness of punishment as a deterrent. Perhaps it is time to set up special courts to deal with violent crime against women so that these cases can be fast-tracked. A more gender-sensitive police force would also help.Very often the rank and file of the force share the 'she-asked-for-it' worldview of the rapists and this emboldens them. While all of the force must be trained to be more sensitive to gender crimes, a larger and more visible presence of women in the force could help enormously.Related Story: Cops say attack was premeditated, men wanted to have 'fun'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17659014", "title": "Airport worker falls to death", "text": "MUMBAI: A contract labourer fell to death from the sixth floor of the new, under-construction Mumbai airport terminal at Sahar on Monday afternoon. Shamsher Singh (22), employed with Larsen &amp; Toubro, reportedly did not have a safety belt.\"Labourers are working under similar, unsafe conditions, and are at peril,\" said Nicholas Almeida, ex-corporator and president of the Sahar Ekta Union.Site supervisor Rajkumar Choudhary was arrested and booked under Section 304 (A). \"He has been booked for culpable homicide not amounting to murder. Precautionary safety measures were neglected while carrying out work,\" said Jaiprakash Giram, senior police inspector, Sahar.Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd ( MIAL ) refused to comment, while Larsen &amp; Toubro did not respond to queries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17659616", "title": "Nagging wife key to shedding kilos", "text": "LONDON: Ladies, the best way for you to persuade your man to shed extra pounds is to nag him about it! According to a new research, men are much more likely to lose weight if their other halves criticize, confront and reject them, rather than offer sugar-coated encouragement.American researchers who studied how couples support each other in the battle of the bulge found men who lacked motivation to diet and exercise got much better results if their wives gave them a hard time over it. But the same approach does not work for women, the study found.They found women regularly criticized by their partner for gaining extra pounds were unlikely to take action, the 'Daily Mail' reported.The psychologists behind the study, from the University of California in LA, Southern Methodist University in Dallas, Texas, and Florida State University, said they think the reason may be that women already face such intense pressure from society to remain slim that a few harsh words from their husbands is unlikely to make much difference.The findings, published in the Journal of Family Psychology, show giving negative feedback can sometimes have positive benefits in a relationship. The researchers came up with the results after studying weight gain in newlywed couples.They recruited 165 couples, in their early twenties, who had been married only a few years and who had gained weight after tying the knot. The results showed husbands who moaned about being overweight were more likely to start dieting and exercising if they faced what psychologists call 'oppositional behaviour' from their wives - or constant criticism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17659429", "title": "Kothwale back as Margao municipal council chief officer, to retain charge till Dec 31", "text": "MARGAO: Srinet Kothwale, who was chief officer (CO) of Margao municipal council (MMC) and then transferred as general manager of the directorate of industries, trade and commerce, just over a week ago, has been brought back to the civic body. Kothwale will retain charge as CO of MMC until December 31, in addition to his new posting.Deputy collector and SDM, Quepem, Sandhya Kamat, who has been promoted and transferred as the CO of MMC, will assume charge of her new office on January 1 to replace Kothwale. Instructions to this effect have been issued by the personnel department to both Kothwale and Kamat, sources informed.Kothwale's sudden transfer, within four months of his joining the MMC, had raised eyebrows. His stint as the CO was marked by a few bold decisions including, eviction of fish vendors from the old fish market area, regular drives against illegal encroachments, introduction of the biometric attendance recorder for the MMC employees, etc.After resuming charge at MMC on Monday, Kothwale, at a meeting convened by MMC chairperson Arthur D'Silva, issued several instructions to the MMC market inspectors to clear all illegal encroachments on the roads and public passages. Instructions were also issued to all section heads to initiate action against all illegalities. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17659099", "title": "Nashik to get five more primary health centres", "text": "NASHIK: Nashik district will soon get five more primary health centres (PHCs) in addition to the existing 104, with a PHC already sanctioned for Somthan village in Sinnar tehsil.According to officials, the district health office received a government resolution to start a new PHC at Somthan village in Sinnar tehsil. \"Accordingly, a proposal for the construction of PHC has been forwarded to the construction department,\" officials from the department said.The state government had already sanctioned 107 PHCs and while 104 were set up in the villages, three PHCs one each at Igatpuri, Sinnar and Yeola were to be decided.\"The government sanction shows 107, but only 104 are running, the latest addition being the one at Nanduri. Sinnar, Igatpuri and Yeola were the three places with a sanctioned PHC, but they had rural hospitals, other places are yet to be identified. The district health office had sent the information to the state government and hence the announcement at Somthan,\" sources said.Officials added that they were also following up the issue with the state government and they were confident that the formal announcement for the rest of the PHCs would come soon. \"On the grounds of Sinnar, the PHC for Yeola tehsil is likely to be announced at Bharam, while another one is likely to come up at Bhamber village in Baglan tehsil along with two other places taking the tally to 109. There has been no indication of announcing a PHC in lieu of Igatpuri tehsil,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "shirva, udupi district", "code": "17659794", "title": "Keep us in your prayers: Jacintha's husband to media", "text": "SHIRVA, UDUPI DISTRICT: The shattered family of Jacintha Saldanha is coping with an \"unfillable void\" and looking to rebuild their lives. Her husband Benedict Barboza and children Junal and Lisha who will stay at their father's house here for Christmas will return to their old routine once they're back in their Bristol home.Letting his family friend Steven Almeida answer queries, Benedict thanked the media for respecting family privacy in their hour of grief. He said the family will leave for UK after Christmas. On what Jacintha's loss meant, her husband said, \"I've talked about it at the mass for her at Westminster Cathedral.\"Steven said it's premature for the family to speculate on the future course of action given that the London Metropolitan Police has assured a full and fair investigation . \"The past week has shattered our lives and we barely have strength to grieve and sorrow,\" he said. Acknowledging the enormous support of the family here and in the UK, Steven appealed to the media, \"Please keep us in your prayers.\" Asked about the three suicides notes recovered by the London police, Steven said, \"We're not disclosing their contents.\" Steven parried queries if the family planned to take action against Jacintha Saldanha's employers (King Edward VII Hospital) or the two Australian RJs. He also refused to comment on a move by the Australian radio station's offer to pay monetary compensation for Jacintha's death or if the family was willing to accept the apology offered by the RJs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17659382", "title": "Civic chief empowered to take decisions on drainage project", "text": "AURANGABAD: In a bid to expedite the proposed drainage system in the city, the general body of the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) on Monday authorized municipal commissioner Purushottam Bhapkar to take all the decisions for its implementation.The power vested in the municipal commissioner would give him the freedom to issue tenders, decide the beneficiary area and to decide similar issues. He would not have to take the general body's approval for the project.In addition, he would also apply for additional funds if required for completion of the project. However, to avail of additional loan from the financial institute, he would have to undergo various formalities. The civic body will have to take fresh approvals.The general body also approved the project sanctioned by the Maharashtra Jeevan Pradikaran. Modernisation of the city's drainage system will be done under the Suvarna Jayanti Nagarothan Mahabhiyan scheme. The cost of the project is Rs 376.12 crore. The proposal was tabled in the house on Monday which was passed by the members.The civic body had earlier announced that the project would be initiated from January 1, 2013. But, as the implementation of the project is not possible in the gunthewari development localities, a large section of the people may not benefit. The municipal commissioner will not be able to carry out the work in these localities, experts said.Meanwhile, on December 11, Hudco gave its formal sanction letter of gap funding of Rs 192.09 crore. Hudco's loan will attract interest at the rate of 10.75 per annum (floating) which will be payable on a quarterly basis.Apart from this, an additional interest at the rate of 3 % will be charged in case of default in repayment. The loan will be drawn in 12 quarters and will be repayable in 48 quarterly instalments. The loan will be secured by mortgage against immovable property of the civic body worth 125 per cent of the total loan amount. As per the requirement of the financial institution, the civic body will open a dedicated bank account to ensure timely repayment of the loan. The revenue generated from the sewerage cess and selling recycled water will be deposited in the account, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17659668", "title": "Reduce Dr Vasantrao Deshpande Hall rent", "text": "NAGPUR: Members raised various important issues during the point of propriety in the upper house. Dr Dipak Sawant raised the issue of plight of cancer patients in Nagpur. He informed that GMCH's Radiotherapy Unit has only one cobalt unit for about 45 lakh patients. \"Many patients die waiting for treatment. Nagpur has the highest number of cancer patients. Many from the neighbouring states of Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh too come here for treatment. CM had assured to provide Rs50-Rs60 crore for it, but nothing has happened so far,\" he claimed.Mohan Joshi raised the issue of exorbitant rent levied for Dr Vasantrao Deshpande Hall. He took strong objection to PWD's decision to hike the rent from Rs4,000 to Rs11,000. He also alleged that the administration is committing a lot of irregularities. \"Many a times, there is no authoritative person sitting at the booking department. More than 25% of the seats are in an unusable condition,\" Joshi informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17659827", "title": "Vest investigators with effective powers", "text": "MUMBAI: The special investigation team appointed to probe the irrigation scam will be ineffective if it is not invested with sweeping powers to question ministers, bureaucrats and contractors allegedly involved in the multi-crore swindle.By most accounts, almost half the Rs 70,000 crore spent on irrigation projects over the past decade may have been siphoned off or wasted on dud projects.TOI presents its wish list on how the SIT should work and what it should go after:Investigate irregularities and criminal conspiracy, including roles of ministers, officers and contractorsEstimates for every tender above Rs 1 crore must be thoroughly probed. Compare rates given for major tenders (Rs 50 crore) with smaller tenders (Rs 10 crore) for discrepanciesInvestigate if costs of estimates were updated or increased as per department schedule rates (price levels) and laid-down rulesAnalyse estimates for works awarded without calling tenders and their legalityProbe transportation lead rates paid by irrigation corporations for various projectsInvestigate projects where, in violation of well-established principles and various circulars , market rates were used to update costs of tenders. Also examine steps taken to recover extra sum paid to contractorsVerify if contractors for every tender above Rs 1 crore satisfied enough criteria. Check if due process was followed in awarding contractsFind irrigation potential planned, declared and achieved year-wise and project-wiseAscertain actual irrigation planned, declared and created year-wise and project-wiseConduct physical audit of actual land irrigated and irrigation potential createdCompare rates of various irrigation corporations in the last ten years and focus on the variance. Particularly rates of pipes for lift irrigation schemes, hearting, casing, concrete and tunnel excavationInvestigate in every corporation details of advances paid to various contractors along with rate of interest charged and interest waivedInquire into details of claims and idle charges paid to contractors and the reasonsProbe details of total tenders called annually by various irrigation corporations and compare them to budgetary provisions and funds provisionExamine diversion of funds from one region to another, one district to another, one project to another, names of authorising authorities, and whether sanctions were sought from the state governorSeek details of where project costs increased due to disregard of mandatory designs, particularly lift irrigation schemes in VidarbhaProbe works that should have been executed by mechanical /electrical body of the state but, instead, tenders were awarded by civil organisationsCalculate average rate at which tenders were quotedFind details of number of tenders allotted in past decade and their status. Investigate if tenders convened under e-tender system were foolproofExamine Vadnere committee report, Mendhegiri report, M K Kulkarni report, Kolawale report and departmental enquiries ; suggest criminal actionSuggest steps to recover financial loss incurred to the state due to irregularitiesExamine contractors who were awarded tenders of over Rs 50 crore in a single projectCheck bank accounts of contractors for money laundering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17658366", "title": "ICF's certificate course from Dec 26", "text": "INDORE: Indore Cancer Foundation (ICF), which runs the Indian Institute of Head and Neck Oncology, a non-profit organization focusing on India's commonest cancers i.e. of the mouth and throat will hold its second certificate course on management of cancer centers on December 26 and 27 here in the city.The course will cover topics such as facility offered, the need for more cancer treatment facilities, regulatory norms governing the development and running of cancer centers, importance of outreach activities, cost management measures etc.Dr Nagraj Huilgol, chief of radiation oncology at Nanavati Hospital in Mumbai will be the course director this year. The faculty for the course has been drawn from all over India including Srinagar, Wardha, Bangalore, Mumbai and Cuttack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17658938", "title": "Stiff contest awaits PU's board of finance", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University's board of finance (BoF), the official body that takes crucial decisions of more than Rs 200 crore budget, appears to have generated an interest in the university and college circles. After the struggle to get a seat in PU's governing body, Senate, in last two months now the cash rich PU's BoF formation will witness stiff competition on December 22, the date of first senate meet of the newly formed body (2012-16).Interestingly, for last several years, these two candidates have been elected unanimously by the PU senate for BoF, but this time seven candidates have given their names for the two seats in BoF from the PU Senate. The names of candidates include non-teaching staff representatives, college teachers, principals and university teachers.For the last several years, two candidates have been elected unanimously by the PU Senate for BoF. \"BoF has an obvious importance since it takes crucial decisions about sanction of funds, transfer of seats and everything to do with PU's budgetary needs,\" said Dilip Kumar , a current member of BoF and Senate.Guru Gobind College for Women- 26 principal Charanjit Sohi, representative of non-teaching staff Deepak Kaushik, department of laws faculty Dinesh Kumar, Guru Nanak Sikh studies coordinator Jaspal Kaur Kaang, senate member Rupinder Tewari and principal of a PU affiliated college S S Randhawa, are all in the race.\"On several occasions the interests of the non-teaching staff have to be kept in mind during the decisions taken by the BoF. It is expected that there will be an election this time because of more number of candidates. December 22 will seal the fate,\" said Deepak Kaushik, who is also contesting for BoF.The BoF in PU comprises the registrar, VC, two representatives of the MHRD, IT finance secretary , Punjab finance secretary, two members each from PU senate and syndicate and the finance development officer of PU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17658531", "title": "Govt moves HC against stay on teacher test", "text": "KOLKATA: Four days after the Calcutta high court ordered an interim stay on the recruitment process for 44,000 primary teachers initiated by the state government in October this year, the West Bengal Primary Education Board on Monday moved a division bench of the high court against it. The hearing is likely to be held on Wednesday.To avoid jeopardizing the careers of 5,450,000 aspirants who are gearing to appear in the primary teachers' recruitment test, the state government has said that it will accept any directive from the high court.\"We have already mentioned that 20 additional marks will be awarded to the trained candidates who will qualify in the Teachers' Eligibility Test (TET) and are eligible to appear for interview. This will give them an edge over the untrained candidates However, if the court so desires, we will submit an affidavit and mention the same as we have specified in the rules already,\" said education minister Bratya Basu.President of West Bengal Primary Education Board, Manik Bhattacharyya, said, \"If the court gives an order to make other provisions for the trained candidates in addition to the existing 20 marks bonus, we shall also accept the verdict.\"The education minister mentioned in no uncertain terms that the primary objective of the government is to hold the primary teachers' recruitment examination. \"We need teachers and thus we are hopeful to hold the test for recruitment,\" Basu said. However, TET will be compulsory for both trained and untrained candidates.\"We have to obey the National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE) guidelines as well as the central government's order which clearly states that both trained and untrained teachers will have to appear in TET. Giving additional privilege to the trained teachers is then the discretion of the state government,\" Bhattacharyya said.He added, \"Before distributing the forms, we clearly sought opinion on our website after we decided to make TET compulsory. But no one raised any objection. However, a few trained candidates made applications to get an exemption from TET altogether which is impossible since NCTE has made it compulsory for the aspiring teachers.\"Basu pointed out that in 2009 when the primary teachers' recruitment test was held by the earlier government no additional marks were awarded. Basu and Bhattacharyya, however, reiterated that only one TET will be held for both trained and untrained students according to NCTE rules.On Monday, the education minister also alleged that a few schools were organizing admission tests, going against the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act (2009). \"Some are also forcing parents to buy books from the old syllabus instead of handing them new books. REPA will be operational from January. If any complaint is lodged, we shall immediately take action against the school authorities responsible. In extreme cases, we may consider to derecognize the school or inflict penal measures, including imposition of monetary fines,\" Basu added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17659022", "title": "Cold-induced viral flu, pneumonia in kids on the rise", "text": "LUDHIANA: With the winter season having set in, children are falling prey to cold-induced viral flu and even to pneumonia. Child specialists at city hospitals say that the number of such cases can increase as the cold gets more intense.Says Dr Jogesh Chatwal of the department of pediatrics at Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH), \"Though we do get viral flu cases of which cough and cold are symptoms even during summer, those are different from cold-induced cases. The number of cold-induced viral flu (with symptoms of cough and cold) cases and also those of pneumonia increases two-three fold during this season. Majority of the patients are in the below two-three year age group, however the severity is more in the below one-year-old age group, as they don't have much immunity.\" He added, \"Of the cold induced viral flu and pneumonia cases, the cases of the former (six-eight in a day) are more, whereas those of pneumonia are slightly less at around three-four. Of the pneumonia cases, we have to admit at least one-two cases on a daily basis\".Experts say that avoiding the cold is the best way to prevent viral flu and pneumonia.\"The child should be protected from cold. Besides making him drink hot liquids, have a nutritious diet and avoiding contact with adults having infection, are ways to prevent the child from getting viral flu and pneumonia,\" says Dr Naveen Bajaj, neonatologist at a private hospital in Model Town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "singur", "code": "17658602", "title": "Rebel Trinamool MLA does U-turn on Singur, argues for out-of-court solution", "text": "SINGUR: When he was in the Mamata Banerjee cabinet, the return of 400 acres land and not the Nano factory was top on his priority list. But after his fallout with the chief minister, defiant Singur MLA Rabindranath Bhattacharya now wants an \"out-of-court settlement\" with the Tatas in the interest of Singur's landlosers.Bhattacharya is not in the mood to toe the party line and remind the Tatas of the \"land return\" rider, unlike industries minister Partha Chatterjee. \"Let us not get into the debate over return of land to unwilling farmers any more. We were always looking for an honourable settlement. That is why our leader went to Raj Bhavan to break the impasse. I look to a similar initiative outside the court because no one knows when the legal wrangle over Singur will come to a solution,\" the Trinamool MLA from Singur said, taking a U-turn from what he had preaching for all these days.While the Trinamool-led Krishi Jami Rakhsha Committee was busy preparing for the anniversary of Tapasi Malik \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the first victim of the Singur agitation \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Singur was agog over Ratan Tata's comment. The outgoing Tata Sons chairman had hinted on Sunday that Singur may not be a closed chapter. \"Need not be Tata Motors. We have time until the court decides this, the plant is still there. Whether it is Tata Motors or something else,\" Tata had said.The comment sounded reassuring to the willing landlosers who have all along refused to give up the hope on the Tata factory. \"We all gave land for the Tata project. We also went into a bargain with the state government for more compensation to persons tied to the Singur land. But we didn't want the Tatas to go. Many landlosers came to me today after watching Ratan Tata's statement on television, asking us to do something for the industry,\" said Udayan Das, convener of the Singur Shilpa Bikash Committee that had once organised a dharna in Kolkata to bring the Tatas back to Singur. The committee will again hit the streets soon, says Das.Nanda Saha, a Beraberi farmer who was trained as a machine man at the Tata-run centre in Gopalnagar, is enthused that the Tatas haven't closed the doors on Singur. \"I was a farmer and gave my land to become a machine man. I was trained and was waiting for the Nano factory when everything went wrong. Now I have nothing to fall back upon,\" Saha said.However, the land labourers at Bajemelia and Beraberi seemed quite content with the present arrangement of government doles in the form of subsidised rice and a monthly pension. \"When the Nano factory was being built, we didn't get any work. The police chased us when we went there for a day's work. We were not included in the development scheme. The new government took care of us, gave us rice and money. We are grateful to Didi and our new minister Becharam Manna,\" said Mahadeb Koley of Bajemelia. Two widows from Beraberi Purbapara \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Namita Malik and Kalpana Malik \u00e2\u20ac\u201d said the same. \"The Tatas gave us nothing. The government gave us rations and money,\" said Namita.Minister of state for agriculture Becharam, who is under the legal scanner for his remarks on the judiciary, was quite restrained on Monday. \"I won't comment on Ratan Tata's statement. I would only say that our party remains committed to the farmer's cause that showed the way for the entire country,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17660471", "title": "Sandalwood\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s heroes look at branching out", "text": "Around half a dozen youngsters from the Kannada film industry are now vying for fame and acceptance in other south Indian film industries.Call it the Eega effect or perhaps the consequence of camaraderie during the celebrity cricket matches, but one thing that's become a trend in the Kannada industry lately is of youngsters branching out to other film industries. TOI takes a look at the stars crossing borders.Prem With the bilingual Chandra , Prem has set his sights on Kollywood. The actor, who's romancing Shriya Saran in the film, says, \"This is a very special film for me. I've always been fluent in Tamil. I'm hoping that people from the state will accept and encourage me like they have encouraged Rajinikanth and Prakash Rai, who are both from Karnataka.\"Yogesh The youngster, who has always positioned himself on the Dhanush prototype, is now looking at a pan-south launch next year. The actor will soon be doing a film in Tamil, Malayalam and Kannada, which will be dubbed in Telugu too. \"This should be taking off in August next year,\" the actor had said.Anish He's always been open about his fondness for Tollywood and how he looks up to Allu Arjun as his mentor. The actor is now looking at a soft launch in Tollywood through a bilingual, Coffee With My Wife. \"I'm hoping to test waters there and see how people accept me,\" the actor had said during the launch of the film.Harish Raj The Kannada actor-director recently acted in a Malayalam thriller called Omega.exe , in which he essays the role of a software engineer from Bangalore. \"I've always been fascinated by the scripts in the Malayalam film industry. Since an interesting film offer came my way, I decided to go for it,\" says Harish.Vijay The brawny Kannada hero, who is known for his action films, is looking at a fresh start in Kollywood, as he will star in a yet-to-be-titled Tamil film this year. \"I'd never planned a launch in a different industry, but I'm the sort who believes that acting has no language barrier. I want to try and see how the Tamil industry accepts me,\" says he.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17658395", "title": "PCMC to give report on pros and cons of LBT", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation (PCMC) is all set to abolish octroi and start the local body tax (LBT) though it is yet to get an official go ahead from the state government. Presently, it is preparing a report on the advantages and disadvantages of the LBT and a work-plan for implementing the proposed tax. The report will be submitted by the end of the month.Additional municipal commissioner Prakash Kadam said, \"The civic body has yet to receive a letter from the state government about abolition of octroi and a directive to start collecting LBT from the coming financial year. However, we have started preparing for it lest the state government takes a quick decision.\"The local civic bodies of Aurangabad, Sangli, Kalyan Dombivli, Mira-Bhayander and others have implemented LBT. Some of them had to face teething problems. \"The PCMC does not want to face such difficulties. So, the municipal commissioner has formed a two-member group of civic officials which will visit the civic bodies where LBT is collected and study the process. The members of the group include chief of octroi department Ashok Munde and chief auditor Bhagwan Ghadge,\" said Kadam. The group will study the changes the civic bodies had to make in their administrative process.\"If octroi is abolished, the civic body will be able to collect only escort fees on goods passing through our municipal limits. Hence, we will have to maintain and run the octroi posts near our municipal borders.\" The municipal corporation will also have to restructure the octroi department and transfer the surplus staff to other departments. This because a large number of employees of octroi department will be left with no work. These aspects too will be taken into account in the report to be submitted by the two-member group. The report will be submitted by the end of this month.Kadam said the industrialists and traders have for long been advocating abolition of octroi. The state government has done away with it in municipal councils and smaller municipal corporations. However, major municipal corporations like Mumbai, Pune, Pimpri Chinchwad, and Nashik still charge octroi. \"These civic bodies stand to lose a major source of revenue so the state government will have to either allow them to collect LBT or give a share in the entertainment tax, sales tax and other taxes collected from their municipal limits along with some monetary compensation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "17659621", "title": "Twin Nasa spacecraft set to plunge into Moon", "text": "LOS ANGELES: Ebb and Flow chased each other around the Moon for nearly a year, peering into the interior. With dwindling fuel supplies, the twin Nasa spacecraft are ready for a dramatic finish.On Monday, they will plunge - seconds apart - into a mountain near the Moon's north pole. It's a carefully choreographed ending so that they don't end up crashing into the Apollo landing sites or any other place on the Moon with special importance.Skywatchers on Earth won't be able to view the double impacts since they will occur in the dark. \"We're not putting out an all-points bulletin to amateur astronomers to get their telescopes out,\" said mission chief scientist Maria Zuber of the MIT.The Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter circling the moon will pass over the crash site and attempt to photograph the skid marks left by the washing machine sized-spacecraft as they slam into the surface at 3,800 mph.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "shirva, udupi district", "code": "17657669", "title": "Jacintha's family struggles to rebuild lives", "text": "SHIRVA, UDUPI DISTRICT: The shattered family of Jacintha Saldanha, victim of a prank call is coping with an \"unfillable void\", is looking to rebuild their lives. Her husband Benedict Barboza and children Junal and Lisha who will stay at Ben's house here for Christmas will return to their old routine once they're back in the United Kingdom .Letting his family friend Steven Almeida answer queries, Ben thanked the media for their understanding of the issue and for respecting family privacy in their hour of grief. He said the family will leave for UK after Christmas. On what Jacintha's loss meant, Ben said, \"I've talked about it at the mass for her at Westminster Cathedral.\"Steven said it's premature for the family to speculate on the future course of action given that the London Metropolitan Police has assured a full and fair investigation. \"The past week has shattered our lives and we barely have strength to grieve and sorrow,\" he said. Acknowledging the enormous support of the family here and in the UK), Steven appealed to the media, \"Please keep us in your prayers.\"Asked about the three suicides notes recovered by the London police, Steven said, \"We're not disclosing their contents.\" Steven parried queries if the family planned to take action against Jacintha Saldanha's employers (King Edward VII Hospital) or the two Australian RJs, whose prank call set in motion a chain of events that ended in Jacintha's death on December 7 in the hospital quarters.On the family's decision not to allow public homage at the mass, Steven said, \"We didn't want to show her face or want someone to take pictures.\" Before the service started, parish priest Rev Fr Stany Tauro requested all concerned, including the media, not to take any pictures of the mass or the burial as the request of the family.Refuting reports that Ben's family was not allowed to keep in touch with him by the authorities there after Jacintha's death, Steven said, \"Ben was in touch with his family but the details cannot be made public.\" He also refused to comment on a move by the Australian radio station's offer to pay monetary compensation for Jacintha's death or if the family was willing to accept the apology offered by the RJs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17657982", "title": "College hostels in Chennai come under food safety scanner", "text": "CHENNAI: A special state food safety department team will soon conduct inspections in college and private hostels in the city following complaints about the sub-standard food served there. On October 22, Chennai Corporation officials had sealed a men's hostel on Langs Garden Road in Pudupet after seven people were hospitalised with diarrhoea.District food safety officer S Lakshmi Narayan said severe action would be taken as \"we have received several complaints about the poor quality of food served in these hostels.\"Many working men and women and students from different parts of the state and from other states stay in hostels as they provide cheap accommodation, but most of them are not impressed by the quality of food.\"It's difficult to eat at my hostel, so I always eat outside,\" said a student of a city college. \"The warden hasn't taken any action against the mess manager for the poor quality food despite repeated complaints,\" he said.Officials said all private and college hostels and canteens should mandatorily register themselves under the Food Safety and Standards Act (FSSA) 2006. There are also complaints about these hostels charging high fees despite providing poor quality food.Sources said private contractors run canteens and mess in most colleges. Some private hostels have been getting food from outside, they said.\"Many private contractors buy low quality food items from the market to get more profit,\" said an official. There have been complaints of poor quality food from even deemed universities: \"There has been no change in the quality of food served even after repeated complaints. The water used for cooking is not purified and cooking is done under unhygienic conditions,\" said a third year student of a deemed university.There are many hostels for working people as well and those who stay there also speak of the sub-standard food. Ramani Govind, who stays in a private hostel in T Nagar, said: \"The condition of the kitchen is pathetic, the quality of pulses and rice is substandard and we have also found worms in the rice served. But the charge remains high.\"Anyone with complaints about poor quality food served in college and private hostels can call 23813095 or email to commrfssa@gmail.com, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "17657330", "title": "School bus crushes 7-year-old", "text": "FARIDABAD: A seven-year-old girl was run over by a school bus in Faridabad on Monday evening.Annu Kumari, a Class I student in K L Mehta Dayanand Public School, was riding pillion on a bicycle driven by her brother when a bus hit them from behind in the NH-5 area of New Industrial Township. While the boy was flung in the air, the girl came under the wheels and died on the spot. Locals put up a roadblock, accusing police of letting off Vinod Sharma, the driver.SHO Anil Kumar denied this allegation and said he is in custody. The principal of St Thomas School to which the bus is attached was unavailable for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17659155", "title": "33, 25 squadrons to receive highest defence honour from President", "text": "COIMBATORE: The wait is finally over for the 33 Squadron of the Indian Air Force based in Sulur in Coimbatore. It will be a proud moment for the squadron when President Pranab Mukherjee officially awards it one of the highest defence honour, the President's Standard, on Tuesday. Defined in defence circles as a symbol of excellence, the honour has to be earned purely on the basis of merit, of hard work and performance. Besides the 33 Squadron, the 25 Squadron of the Air Force based at Vadodara in Gujarat will also be awarded the prestigious honour at the function. It will also mark the entry of Coimbatore into the annals of the Indian Air Force as it would be a rare occasion when the President's standard will be awarded to two squadrons with the same aircraft (AN-32), both with more than 50 years of service.\"It is a rare honour for all of us serving with the squadron. It is an official recognition of our overall efficiency and excellence,\" said 33 squadron wing commander C Subbarayan. Before being relocated to Sulur, the 33 squadron was in the hilly terrains of the Northeast where it was initially formed as a flying unit of the Air Force in Guwahati on January 9, 1963 with two Caribou aircraft. The Caribou aircraft, designed and developed in Canada , were primarily used in aerial operations during the 1971 Indo-Pak war in which the 33 squadron was primarily engaged in a series of operations ranging from bombing missions to psychological warfare operations and also rescue operations in the hilly terrain. The 33 squadron was also involved in the Tangail operations in which the Caribou aircraft of the squadron dropped dummies to confuse and divert the Pakistani soldiers which led to the capture of the Poongli Bridge over Jamuna which, according to the Indian Air Force, paved way for an early victory for the Indian forces.The 25 Squadron of the Air force, known as Himalayan eagles, was formed in March 1964 and has been one of the most active squadrons, both during war and peace times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17657707", "title": "Mela police install 56 watch towers", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To keep a close vigil, the Mela police is setting up 56 watch towers in Sangam, Jhunsi and Arial areas. The watch towers are being set up at strategic locations like entry points to the Mela area and sub-ways connecting Sangam.With the help of the watch towers, police will maintain a round-the-clock vigil and also regulate crowd during royal bathing days. The police have also installed CCTVs at watch towers located at entry points.Deputy SP, Kumbh, Neeraj Kumar Pandey said elaborate security arrangements have been made for Kumbh.The police have set up 30 police stations including Minto Park, Saraswati Ghat, MG Marg , Alopi Bagh, Pared Kumbh Mela, Kotwali Kumbh Mela, Akshay Vat, Mahaveer Ji, Sangam, IZ Bridge, GT Daraganj, Naagvasuki, Gangeshwar Mahadev, Jal Police, Kalpvasi, North Jhunsi, GT Jhunsi, Kumbh Mela, Ramjanki, Ann Chetra, Akhara Kumbh Mela, Ganga Parsar Chetra, South Jhunsi, Trivenipuram, Roadvez Jhunsi , Chak Harihar Wan, Chatnaag, Kotwali Jhunsi Kumbh Mela, Someshwar Mahadev, Kotwali Arail Kumbh Mela and Naini Brij Kumbh Mela.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17657981", "title": "Activist wins US prize for work on women's rights", "text": "CHENNAI: A Chennai-based activist and blogger was presented the US Presidential Service Award for her contribution to empowerment of women. Twenty-five-year-old Kirthi Jayakumar works as a lawyer, freelance journalist and volunteers with several UN projects.Jayakumar was selected for the award considering her writings and campaigns that she initiated for Delta Women, a transnational NGO. She has worked on issues relating to women's rights in several countries, including India, Afghanistan, Congo and Nigeria. \"I am a firm believer that women are truly empowered when they are absolutely sovereign over their mind and body. Especially women in Tamil Nadu have plenty of potential and must constantly push the boundaries to further to find themselves,\" said Jayakumar, after receiving the award and a congratulatory letter from US President Barack Obama , from Jennifer McIntyre, US consul general in Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17659341", "title": "UK national held for theft at Anjuna", "text": "MAPUSA: Anjuna police arrested a British national in connection with a theft case at a cafe in Anjuna on Monday.Stanislaus Pascoal D'Souza, resident of Mazalwada, Anjuna, has complained that between December 10 and 11, a foreigner entered his shop and committed theft of cash amounting to 9,000 and some cigarette packets all worth 10,000 at 'Temti Cafe' in Anjuna.Following investigations, Anjuna police found that Lloyd Christian, 41, British national, allegedly committed the theft. Lloyd was arrested and kept in police custody. Police have registered the offence under Section 380 of IPC and PSI Videsh Piligaonkar is further investigating the case.Police informed TOI that Lloyd was involved in five-six theft cases in Anjuna and had broken into a supermarket and a shop in August. He was last arrested on August 12 in connection with a theft case at a supermarket in Anjuna. He is also wanted in connection with a theft case at Mapusa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17659538", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation clears road for civic chief daughter's wedding", "text": "NAGPUR: There is a permanent traffic chaos on Cotton Market road. On Monday, however, traffic flowed smoothly from Cotton Market square to Rajwada Palace because the encroachments on either side were removed. The reason why civic body's anti-encroachment squad got cracking was that Rajwada Palace was hosting wedding reception of municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane's daughter on Monday evening.Cotton Market square and its vicinity have the dubious distinction of having the most chaotic traffic in the city. The road is quite wide. However, rampant encroachments on either side of the road create bottlenecks. On any other day, presence of heavy vehicles and encroachments leave traffic crawling. The shrinking road space is a matter of annoyance for motorists. Retail vegetable sellers and other vendors occupy not just the footpaths but also a major portion of the road. These vendors alone are not to blame. Vehicles of customers, handcarts and shops on footpaths and apathetic attitude of traffic cops and NMC add to motorists' woes.Traffic expert Vinay Kunte welcomed NMC's move. He said, \"On this occasion, all encroachments around the wedding venue have been removed and thanks to them for the same.\" He wondered, however, why the NMC did it only when there is a wedding of relative of some big shot. \"Why not remove encroachments on a regular basis round the year from every part of Nagpur,\" he asked.City trader Sanjay Agrawal said there was no place for encroachments in a city. \"We appreciate NMC's efforts in removing the encroachers from Cotton Market area but if it is only temporary for providing a clear passage to high profile guests of NMC commissioner then this is chauvinism. May there be a power packed wedding everyday,\" he added.Lawyer and secretary of International Society for Road Transport and Safety Tushar Mandlekar too welcomed the move and demanded that the civic body should ensure busy roads and footpaths were free of encroachments everyday. D B S Dhingra, a businessman, said the civic body should not show double standards. He wanted these encroachments should be removed permanently and encroachers allotted proper place in notified markets.Businessman Vinod Purohit said the encroachments should have been removed long back as they caused traffic jam everyday. \"There is no place for people to walk as footpaths are encroached upon. Also, many trucks and city buses travel on Cotton Market route. Now when these encroachments have been removed, they should not be allowed to set-up again,\" he added.Admitting that Monday's drive was owing to the wedding, anti-encroachment squad's officer Waman Bhalavi, however, asserted they frequently carried out such drives. \"Due to interference from local corporators, encroachers return to occupy the same spot,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17658997", "title": "Book on Sikh shrines to bridge India-Pak gap", "text": "LUDHIANA: A \"kirtan darbar\" was held in the Baba Gurmukh Singh Auditorium of Ramgarhia Girls College on Monday to mark the book release of Ranjodh Singh's tri-lingual pictorial \"Nankana Sahib and Sikh Shrines in Pakistan\".Based on his trip to the Sikh shrines in 2006, Ranjodh Singh, president of Ramgarhia Educational Council and Punjab Lalit Kala Akademi, has meticulously maintained a record of the visit along with pictures and presented it to the world in three languages - Punjabi, Hindi and English.Singh's trip comes alive through the picturesque mode of presentation and illustrations from the life of Guru Nanak through medieval and modern paintings. This coffee-table book which was presented to Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh in his recent visit to the city was released by Sri Akal Takhat jathedar Giani Gurbachan Singh.Some of the gurdwaras that have been compiled by the author are Gurdwara Janam Asthan, Gurdwara Patti Sahib, Gurdwara Bal Leela, Gurdwara Tambu Sahib, Gurdwara Panja Sahib and Gurdwara Dehra Sahib. The narrative follows the stories related to the childhood and growing years of the first guru and how each step marked the process of showing the world his godly grace.Professor Gurbhajan Gill, who accompanied the writer on this trip, spoke about the bond between Punjabis in India and Pakistan. He said, \"Through this book, Ranjodh Singh makes an effort to bridge the gap between India and Pakistan and promote a feeling of brotherhood and secularism. It also makes an appeal to government of both countries to make visa procedures simpler, and the desire of SGPC to take care of the shrines and revert them to their original glory.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17659675", "title": "Scepticism abounds over Chitale choice", "text": "NAGPUR: Even before the special investigation team (SIT) to be headed by former Central Water Commission (CWC) chairman, Madhavrao Chitale is set up, doubts have been raised about his capacity to probe the matter. Human rights activist Medha Patkar has jumped into the irrigation scam bandwagon, saying Chitale was not the right person to head the probe.In the department, Chitale is revered as an expert on irrigation. Other members of the team are yet to be named. He is learnt to have prepared a report on dams needed in Vidarbha during 1985.In her first ever major statement on irrigation issue, Patkar said the team should be headed by a retired or a sitting judge who has the acumen to investigate the legalities. Chitale is known to have a pro-establishment stance and has not come up with any radical findings in the investigation he earlier headed, she added.The terms of reference of the committee have also not been decided yet. However, a section of contractors who are also sceptical about Chitale, say that at least the SIT should probe the arbitrary hikes approved in the cost of irrigation projects during 2009 when Ajit Pawar was water resources minister. In VIDC, projects worth Rs 6672 crore were hiked to Rs 26,722 crore within three months in 2009.Sources said this was the basis of entire controversy but none of the committees and neither white paper look into it. Although the Vadnere Committee did probe the escalations in estimates of individual tenders, even it did not touch the aspect of overall project costs being hiked in 2009. Even before the tender estimates were hiked, the cost of the entire project of which the tenders were a part were arbitrarily increased in many cases on Pawar's orders, said a contractor actively involved in feeding information to the opposition over the irrigation affairs. The SIT should probe this aspect too, he said. Aspects like designs approved for the projects should also be investigated. On many counts complex designs were approved only to increase the rates.Shirish Chakradeo, president of Nagpur Contractors and Builders Association, said, \"Chitale, though knowledgeable, is known to have a soft stance towards government. However, in any case apart from steep cost hikes approved by Pawar, the undue time lag in approving tenders should be also probed.\"Farm activist Kishore Tiwari said the SIT headed by a retired officer could serve no purpose as already there were enough reports indicating gross corruption in the department. The irrigation corporation prefers to give lucrative tenders of dams ignoring that of canals, without which water cannot reach the farms, he added.Points* Chitale may have a pro-government stance* Investigation should cover project cost hikes approved by Pawar* Design changes to hike cost should be probed* A retired officer can be no good* There are enough reports indicating culpability and direct action is needed", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17657999", "title": "'I am lucky to have escaped but pray for the victim'", "text": "MUMBAI: Vaishali Sangelkar (27) susp-ected something was amiss when she got an unexpected call from her estra-n-g-ed husband, Vijay (35), on Sunday morning.Vijay, a school dropout from Sawantwadi, asked her to meet him for \"the last time\" at Nalasopara's platform one. \"I was reluctant but his repeated requ-e-sts made me visit the station at noon,\" Vaishali told the police late on Monday evening. On learning that he had stabbed another woman thinking it was her, a shocked Vaishali, who has a four-year-old son, said she counts herself lucky to have survived. At the same time, she has been praying for the unfortunate victim, Sonal Lapashiya (25).Vaishali, a graduate who works as an executive at a security agency in Sion, said, \"I separated from my husband soon after we got married in 2007. It was an arranged marriage because my father was poor and he thought my husband would make a good match. But I was tortured, both physically and mentally. We hadn't met for four years.\"After her separation, Vaishali and her son began to live with her parents at Ponda in Ratnagiri. Eight month ago, she moved to Nalasopara and got a job in the Sion firm. \"Vaishali complained that she used to get threatening calls from the accused after she won a case for a monthly maintenance of Rs 500 in 2011. But Vijay didn't pay it and now the amount has climbed to Rs 50,000. His anger increased when he received another court order directing him to pay an additional Rs 1,200 for their son's upbringing. This made him hatch the plot to kill her,\" said Matunga police senior inspector Suresh Parab.Meanwhile, the accused told the police he regretted his act; he said his intention was to kill his wife. \"Vaishali said he asked her to accompany him to Dadar in a crowded men's compartment. She refused and agreed to meet him at Dadar and entered a women's compartment at Nalasopara. But she got suspicious about his intentions and got off at Vasai. The accused then called her up at night and asked her to meet him at Dadar on Monday morning, saying he was to leave the city. He spent Sunday night on the station and, in the morning, attacked the victim thinking her to be his wife,\" Parab said. Vijay said he knew that Vaishali worked at Sion and boarded a train at Dadar.\"The versions of both the accused and his wife match,\" Parab said.Meanwhile, the shocked family of Sonal was at a loss for words as they waited outside her ward at Bombay Hospital, where she is admitted.Her father, who works as a clerk with a leading national bank, was too shattered to talk. Sonal's mother kept wondering how a tragic case of mistaken identity struck her daughter. Sonal's brother, who works with a hospital, said she was an extremely reserved person who remained focused on her studies.\"It is ironic that such a horrendous thing should happen to her. It was not her daily routine to visit the library (at Dadar). But she had been doing so for the past few days as she is preparing for the entrance of final-year CA exam.\"The family had recently started looking for a match for Sonal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17658993", "title": "PGI prof sacked for 'sexual harassment' of colleague", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a first-of-its-kind case in PGI, an assistant professor in the department of biochemistry was sacked for sexually harassing a woman colleague.The PGI issued orders of termination to the professor, Dr Parveen Bansal, on Monday.On May 16, it was alleged by Renu Chaddha, a junior lab technician in the department, that an undeserving name was added in an article published by Dr Bansal. Following this, a verbal duel ensued. The complaint of sexual bullying was forwarded to the head of the department, Dr K D Gill, who referred it to the sexual harassment committee.The committee was constituted in two days after the complaint was lodged.The panel, headed by Dr Savita Malhotra, head of the psychiatry department, in the report submitted on Monday found Dr Bansal guilty of sexual harassment.Confirming the orders of termination, Manju Wadwalkar, official spokesperson of PGI said, \"As per the rules, he has been issued termination orders for sexual harassment against his colleague.\"Recently, Dr Bansal was selected as an organizing committee member for molecular diagnosis of genetic diseases.Panels to check abuse in hospitals in placeAll the city public hospitals, including government medical college and hospital in Sector 32, PGI and government multi specialty hospital of Sector 16, have sexual harassment committees. Each committee has a woman as a member. None of these hospitals have ever terminated a faculty on the charges of sexual harassment or abuse. PGI has set a precedent by sacking Dr Bansal. It will serve as a lesson to over 500 faculty and over 8,000 paramedical staff in PGI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "gumla/ranchi", "code": "17658470", "title": "Teachers across Jharkhand to go on mass leave today", "text": "GUMLA/RANCHI: All government schools in Gumla remained closed on Monday owing to mass leave taken by teachers in protest against the killing of two primary teachers of the district. The teachers were killed on Friday by their abductors when they were returning home after attending classes in Bharno block of Gumla, after four days of captivity.Protestors are demanding arrest of the criminals involved in the killing and the government is trying its best to keep away teachers from supervising the construction work of school buildings as is the norm since local goons demand levy.The teachers of Gumla even had a meeting and decided to intensify the stir if the six point charter of demands, which included Rs 10 lakh compensation and government job to kin of the deceased families, delinking of teachers from civil construction works and mid day meal (MDM) scheme, arresting of killers, and disposal of teachers representations seeking transfer from Maoist hit zone, are not met.\"Teachers representing different associations took a pledge to continue their agitation and boycott classes until their demands are met. It was also decided that they will take out a rally on Tuesday,\" said a teacher.District superintendent of education (DSE) Arjun Prasad urged the teachers to withdraw their agitation but it did not yield any result. \"The government does not want to improve the standard of education in villages. There is already a crunch of teachers. To add to the woes the government has imposed additional burden in various ways. Teachers have no option but to steal time from school hours,\" said another teacher.Primary and secondary teachers of 41,000 schools of the state will go on a mass leave on December 18 and 19 as a protest against the murder of two primary school teachers of Gumla. Spokesperson of All Jharkhand Primary Teachers Association, Sanjay Kumar said, \"We will go on a two-day leave and on December 19 wewill fast in front of the CM's house demanding the teachers be freed from non-educational workwill also ask for the pending promotions and increase in retirement age.\"The 85,000 para teachers of the state will also be supporting the leave and will not teach for these two days. Chairperson of All Jharkhand Para Teachers' Association, Sanjay Dubey said, \"We will be supporting the primary teachers and demand compensation for the family of the deceased.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17658945", "title": "Car rally prelude to Capital summit", "text": "GUWAHATI: \"The rally symbolizes not only the two decades of the India-Asean partnership but also the connection the northeast has with Southeast Asian countries. This connection binds the two regions for promoting a long-term relation and partnership,\" Union minister of state for commerce and industry D Purandeshwari said.In the 20th anniversary year of the Asean-India dialogue partnership, the car rally assumed higher significance as it's the prelude to the Asean-India Commemorative Summit in New Delhi on December 20-21. The theme of the summit is 'Asean-India Partnership for Peace and Shared Prosperity'. The summit is expected to adopt a vision statement to chart out the future direction for Asean-India relations.Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi echoed Purandeshwari's sentiment saying that as the world look towards Asia, building strong business and cultural ties within Asia has become the need of the hour. Gogoi said the rally also highlighted the importance of the northeast's location as the gateway to Asean.\"It is not just a car rally; it is the building of geographical, economic and cultural relations. The rally has given us the opportunity to showcase the northeast, its hospitality and similarities with Southeast Asian countries,\" Gogoi said.An Asean-India Trade Conclave was also held on Monday evening where Gogoi, Prasidh and CII president Adi Godrej were present, among other trade representatives. Gogoi suggested direct flights from Asean countries to LGBI Airport here as it would increase the possibility of enhancement of volume of trade, commerce, investment as well as tourism in the entire northeast. Gogoi also suggested extension of visa offices of Asean countries in Kolkata to Guwahati to facilitate greater people-to-people contact. He reiterated opening of Stilwell Road to enable the northeast to take advantage of Look East Policy.The rally participants and Asean representatives were spellbound with the dances of troupes from different ethnic groups in colourful traditional attire and the performance of the Shillong Chamber Choir. There was also a daredevil performance by Assam Police personnel on motorbikes. Also, Assam Police's women force, Virangana, put up a juggling act of four-kg rifles.The first India-Asean car rally was flagged from here in 2004. The second edition of the rally started off from the Indonesian city of Yogyakarta on November 26 and reached Guwahati on Sunday, traversing about 8,000 km through nine Asean countries, including India.Adi Godrej said that during the rally, business meetings were held in the countries through which the cars passed. \"The interactions in the countries were very fruitful. The partnership will give a new direction to India's trade with Asean,\" Godrej said.Highlighting the northeast's locational advantage with Asean, Godrej said connectivity will be the key to strengthening the Asean-India relation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17659566", "title": "Probe nails scientists for desi Bt cotton blot", "text": "NAGPUR: An inquiry report into the contamination of an indigenously created Bt cotton variety with a Monsanto gene has bared the unethical, unscientific and irresponsible working of the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) in general and the integrity of scientists involved in particular.The five-member committee report on 'scientific claim with regard to the BNLA106 event for insect resistance' in the BN Bt Bikaneri Narma was made public on Friday last week.The committee headed by JNU vice-chancellor and plant biologist S K Sopory was set up to probe the presence of Monsanto gene Mon 531 in the BN Bt Bikaneri Narma cotton variety developed by ICAR instead of the expected BNLA106, an indigenous gene.The report has come as a big lesson to ICAR and its scientists, the GM regulatory agencies of the country and the scientific community at large. The council wasted a huge amount of money under a World Bank project and almost 12 years on the development of an indigenous GM cotton variety that was not.But unfortunately, despite an extensive investigation and an unbiased report, the committee is being seen as soft. Despite having power to lay down the actions necessary to implicate every individual and institution associated with the project in the form of recommendations, it has not done so.However, the council's director general S Ayyappan is taking time to act on the report. He told TOI that the council is inviting answers from everyone found at fault in the report and will think of actions thereafter.Interestingly, the committee had submitted its report to the council in August but the ICAR uploaded the report on its website only on Friday, and that too due to pressure from the media, the anti-GM lobby and journalists and activists seeking the report under RTI Act.The council's deputy director general of crop sciences Swapan Kumar Datta, who now heads the committee looking into the issue, too had a very cold and similar response. \"Now that the shortfalls in the implementation of the entire project have been bared, ICAR would definitely be taking appropriate action at the earliest,\" he said.But former chairman of agricultural scientists recruitment board C D Mayee did not hesitate in admitting that despite a very honest and extensive report, the committee has not suggested the actual quantum of faults of those involved and the punishment they deserve. \"It is an extremely good, extensive and transparent report. But the committee could have also specifically suggested actions on the guilty,\" he said.The report has found serious faults at each level, including the ICAR and the institutions involved: the National Research Centre for Plant Biotechnology (NRCPB), New Delhi, the University of Agricultural Sciences (UAS), Dharwad, and the Central Institute of Cotton Research (CICR).Though this comes almost at the end of the 129-page report, the committee has also raised serious concern over the issue of use and distribution of the synthetically synthesized cry1Ac gene obtained by the then NRCPB director Dr R P Sharma purely for research purposes under a Material Transfer Agreement (MTA) from Prof Illitmar Altosar in University of Ottawa, Canada for commercial purposes. ICAR did not take up the issue of Anand Kumar, the NRCPB director and the principal investigator of the project, deleting Altosar's name while giving the gene to UAS for integrating in the Bikaneri Narma.Kumar, in fact, named it as NRCPB construct in 2006 even after failing to negotiate a 'freedom to operate' agreement with Altosar. The report says that Kumar decided at a meeting in 2006 that Sharma had signed MTA in his personal capacity and agreement for freedom to operate was unnecessary, a fact that the committee found as a violation of the MTA and unethical. As per MTA, any research paper that comes out of the use of the gene should include Alotosar or his lab colleagues as a co-author whereas the Current Science paper on 'genetic transformation of an elite Indian genotype of cotton (Gossypium hirsutum) for insect resistance in its volume 93, No 12, dated December 25, 2007 has just the names of I S Katageri, H M Vamadeviah, S S Udikeri from UAS, B M Kahdi from CICR and Polumetla A Kumar from NRCPB.Sources in ICAR say that NRCPB gave the so-called NRCPB construct to almost over a dozen other institutes for using it in a similar way for other crops, putting these institutes too in the dock.The committee has held Khadi responsible for not being careful even after being informed about presence of Mon531 gene in 2008. Katageri is at fault for not clarifying during project proposal that he didn't possess the expertise for molecular analysis and admitting it to the committee now. The report also points out that present CICR director Keshav Kranthi had suspected the presence of the Mon531 gene in writing to his seniors. But Kranthi told TOI that he was never associated with the project in any capacity to give written reports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bangalore/mysore", "code": "17659740", "title": "Karnataka goes with common test for now", "text": "BANGALORE/MYSORE: Karnataka on Monday said it will go ahead with its Common Entrance Test (CET) for MBBS and BDS in May 2013. But there's a rider: the move is subject to the decision of the Supreme Court, which is due to hear the case on January 15, 16 and 17. Earlier, the state had directed students to appear for National Eligibility Cum Entrance Test (NEET). The decision was taken at a meeting chaired by medical education minister SA Ramdas on Monday . \"Since the decision is subject to outcome of petitions pending before the SC, we have directed the Karnataka Examination Authority (KEA) to prepare a bridge course. The step will be beneficial in case the SC decides in favour of NEET,\" said SC Venkatesh, director of medical education.Medical education minister SA Ramdas said Karnataka agreed to NEET rankings as it would have got 4,804 MBBS seats of the total 6,005 against the 2,212 seats under CET. This is because 85 per cent of seats in Karnataka colleges will be reserved for state quota.But as several colleges, states and autonomous institutes have filed petitions questioning the validity of NEET, the apex court directed the states to conduct CET. As CET results are subject to the court verdict in January, the minister said the court has even directed Medical Council of India and Dental Council of India to hold NEET simultaneously.He said NEET would have spared students from attending multiple entrance tests. Ramdas denied that NEET will burden the state students as they are illequipped to face the examinations which follow CBSE syllabus.\"Question papers for NEET are prepared keeping in view the syllabi of various states and Karnataka students would have fared better than other state students in tackling them,\" he claimed. He has directed the department to prepare students to face NEET by releasing study material , holding tests and lessons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17657689", "title": "Railway exam fraud: Candidate had answers to all questions on chit", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The arrest of a candidate using unfair means in the RRB ( Railway Recruitment Board) examination on Sunday raised a question-mark on the sanctity of the exam. Lakhs of candidates appear in the exam for a job in the railways but recurring incidents of cheating raise doubt over the conduct of the examination.The youth arrested was identified as Mahesh Kumar from Agra. He wrote the exam at the St. Peter's Academy centre at Shivkuti in the city and was carrying a paper with him that had correct answers to all the questions in the exam booklet. Sources in police said the sequence of the answers on the paper found with Kumar matched exactly with questions asked in the exam booklet.An FIR has also been lodged against Mahesh in this connection. Talking to TOI, RRB chairman of Allahabad Sanjeev Mathur said inquiry was on and assured that there was a foolproof system in place to prevent leaking of question papers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17657113", "title": "Quota in promotion: Employees raise pitch for withdrawing bill", "text": "NOIDA: Work at the UP government offices across Gautam Budh Nagar and Ghaziabad was hit again on Monday with no let-up in the protests against reservation in promotions of SC/ST quota employees. Thousands of visitors to government offices were left unattended as employees went on strike. The demonstrators have threatened to block all routes between UP and Delhi.The employees, under the aegis of Sarvajan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti (SHSS), intensified their stir ahead of voting for the bill in Rajya Sabha. They staged dharnas and protest marches; hundreds of protesters even gheraoed the local MLA of Noida, Mahesh Sharma while agitators in Ghaziabad handed over a memorandum to Rajnath Singh. \"BJP needs to clarify its stance on the bill,\" said Kushalpal Singh, president, Noida Employees' Association. \"If the party supports the bill, they will feel the effect in the Lok Sabha elections in 2014,\" he added.After the bill was passed in Rajya Sabha, the protesters reiterated their threat to step up the agitation. Shailender Dubey, president of SHSS, said, \"The tabling of the bill in Rajya Sabha is most unfortunate. The bill may result in a mismatch between skills and posts, even leading to an administrative collapse.\" \"We will not retract or rest till the bill is rolled back,\" said Dubey.Routine work was affected at some offices of the Noida Authority and Ghaziabad Development Authority. Transport offices across both districts were particularly hit. Officials at GB Nagar said the strike has led to a daily loss of Rs 50 lakh in terms of revenue. \"Nearly 100 vehicles are registered daily at the RTO, while 150 licences are issued. Everything has stopped,\" said an official.Samiti convenor from Ghaziabad, Avnish Kumar, said the strike would continue till the controversial bill is withdrawn. D K Jain, convenor of the Noida section, said they would intensify their agitation in case the bill comes through.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17659591", "title": "Robbers tie up woman, steal 25 tola gold, cash Rs 4 lakh at Sonegaon", "text": "NAGPUR: Thieves tied up a 65-year-old woman and threatened her with a knife point before taking away 25 tola gold and cash Rs4 lakh from her residence at Pragati Colony, near Sonegaon Lake, on Monday afternoon. The 'considerate' robbers offered her water when she started bleeding from the nose, and refrained from locking her in the bathroom when she claimed to be claustrophobic.\"I said that I will feel suffocated in the bathroom, so they didn't lock me inside,\" said Shashikala Jaiswal. The theft began at around 11.45am, when Shashikala, wife of advocate Mohanlal Jaiswal, was alone at home.Jaiswal told police she was in the kitchen when the thieves entered the house. They had managed to reach over the glass front door and unlock it without her noticing anything. \"But I sensed some movement and went to the front room to see the three youths there. They immediately pushed me into the bedroom,\" said Jaiswal.Claiming that she can identify the robbers, Jaiswal said all three were in their 20s and speaking in Hindi. One of them was wearing a scarf but removed it later.The youths used cellotape they had brought to tape her mouth shut and tied her hands with white cloth strips. Jaiswal was frightened, and couldn't resist anyway when one of the thieves put a knife at her throat.\"Twice they put the knife at my neck and also twisted my hand when I refused to give the cupboard keys,\" said a brave Jaiswal, who still didn't give the keys. Finally, the thieves broke the locks of all three cupboards.Then, the robbers panicked when Jaiswal started bleeding from the nose due to the stress. To calm her, one of the robbers brought a glass of water while another removed the tape from the mouth. Jaiswal said one of the thieves assured her they won't hurt her, but were forced to crime due to poverty.Jaiswal's elder son Neeraj owns a wine shop at Wani, Yavatmal, while the younger Dhiraj is a builder.Dhiraj said the cash Rs4 lakh included some rent money and some from a business deal. The stolen gold ornaments had been brought from the bank locker for a wedding a week earlier.Police said the robbers were in the house for at least 45 minutes. After the thieves fled, Jaiswal managed to dial her husband's number despite her tied hands. He informed Dhiraj, who alerted neighbour Pravin Khonde and asked him to rush to his mother's help.Sonegaon police estimated the loss at Rs10 lakh. However, they failed to get fingerprints from the scene. Interestingly, none of the neighbours saw any youths coming or entering Jaiswal's house.Accusing his former driver Chandu Thakre of involvement in the crime, Dhiraj told cops they had sacked Thakre for drinking on duty.\"He had threatened my father twice. We filed a complaint twice, at Rana Pratap Nagar police station and Sonegaon police station, but he was let off with a warning,\" said Dhiraj.The 'considerate' criminalsAt around 11.45am, Shashikala is alone at home in the kitchenThieves enter by managing to reach over the glass front door and unlocking the boltSensing some movement, Shashikala enters front room but three youths push her into bedroomYouths tape her mouth shut and tie her handsThieves put knife at her neck and twist hand to get cupboard keysOn not getting keys, thieves break locks of all three cupboardsRobbers panic when Jaiswal starts bleeding from nose, offer her glass of water, assure not to hurt herThieves find cash Rs4 lakh, 25 tola gold ornaments over 45 minutes in the houseAfter thieves flee, Jaiswal manages to dial husband's number with tied hands", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17659346", "title": "PIL against music festivals in Coastal Regulatory Zone areas", "text": "PANAJI: A public interest litigation (PIL) has been filed before the high court of Bombay at Goa by a Margao citizen against the government for permitting musical festivals in the Coastal Regulatory Zone (CRZ)-III or no-development zone over the years.The petitioner has listed three music festivals in his petition that will take place in CRZ-III.Aleixo Pereira, in his petition, claimed that festivals are permitted in CRZ-III areas, in violation of the high court order of 2006. The secretary of environment, director of tourism, the Goa coastal zone management authority (GCZMA), Union ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) and others have been made respondents in this petition.The case of the petitioner is that the government's level permission committee (LPC) headed by the tourism secretary convened a meeting on December 14, to consider applications for the music festival. He further pointed out that two applications were received by the tourism department just two days prior to the meeting of the LPC. He has stated that respondents have acted in haste in connivance with the applicants to grant licences to conduct music events in CRZ-III.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17658325", "title": "Varanasi Development Authority turns blind eye towards riverbed encroachments", "text": "VARANASI: In its new master plan, Varanasi Development Authority (VDA) has proposed declaration of certain land strips along rivers and highways as reserve zones to be kept free from any construction. However, the same agency has turned a blind eye towards plotting and constructions even on riverbed land.Except areas falling between Varuna bridge and Chawkaghat bridge on river Varuna, large scale constructions and plotting in the riverbed land can be seen by anyone.But these malpractices are not evident to VDA, which is responsible for keeping a check on such wrong doings. While passing through the newly-constructed Dhelvariya bridge on river Varuna, it can be seen that a private builder had done plotting on the riverbed just along the road leading to the bridge.However, when the vice chairman of VDA VK Singh was contacted on Monday, he expressed inability in initiating any action against this plotting until the height of the boundary walls cross the mark of five and a half feet or any other construction work begins there without seeking permission from the agency. Such malpractices are not limited in this area but similar practices can be noticed in many other localities falling along the rivers, including Varuna and Asi. Singh said selling land is the fundamental right of a land owner and no agency can stop anyone from doing so so.The VDA is hesitant in initiating any action in the case of sale and purchase or construction on the riverbed land as the no-construction zone has not been declared along rivers other than Ganga. Singh said keeping the same fact in view, a proposal has been made in the new master plan of the city, which is being prepared for a period of 20 years, to declare the land strip of 100 meters on both banks of river Varuna and 50 meters on both banks of river Asi as no-construction zone. Similar provision has been proposed along the highways, said Singh, adding that the densely populated areas have been kept in the category of R-1, and no map for high-rise buildings (more than ground plus two floors) would be sanctioned there with the introduction of the new master plan. The master plan will be introduced very soon after approval from the state government, he said.But will the agency keep allowing the encroachment of riverbed land till the introduction of the new masterplan? Singh said a drive had been launched two months ago back to initiate action against persons who have encroached upon riverbed land along river Varuna. It led to a massive protest, said the VDA vice chairman. As the district administration and police showed no interest in assisting the VDA drive, the agency decided to launch a fresh survey to detect encroachers instead of continuing the drive. However, the official had no idea about the progress in the same survey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17657464", "title": "Bus\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s licence cancelled: Sheila Dikshit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit said the permit of the bus in which a 23-year-old physiotherapy student was raped on Sunday evening has been cancelled by the transport department.\"I have been told by the transport department that their licence has been cancelled. We will take all the necessary measures to ensure that such incidents don't happen in the future,\" she said.Condemning the incident, NCW chairperson Mamata Sharma said, \"Such incidents are increasing in Delhi. Police and government should be really on alert... We will get an inquiry done and will also inquire with police as to what action has been taken so far.\"Describing the incident as \"shocking\", Delhi women and child development minister Kiran Walia said the government will work on installing CCTV cameras inside buses.Accusing the government of handling the law and order matter \"carelessly\", BJP spokesperson Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said such incidents take place regularly but they are neither taken seriously by the home ministry nor by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17658394", "title": "Rs 108 cr to be diverted from PMC budget", "text": "PUNE: The PMC standing committee on Monday approved diversion of Rs 108.5 crore from expenditures planned in its budget to meet the increased expenses of different departments. Around Rs 70 crore will be diverted to pay salaries and arrears of the sixth pay commission recommendations to the civic employees.\"The administration had given a proposal in the last meeting. We cleared it today,\" said Baburao Chandere, chairman of the standing committee.The civic administration allocates funds for various works planned in its annual budget. However, in the last few years it has hardly succeeded in implementing the budget and this year is no exception.The diversion of funds is being sought for several departments, including garden, vehicles depot, health, electricity, solid waste management and accounts, which are facing cash crunch. In its proposal, the civic administration states that it is possible to divert funds and, considering the expenditure at the end of the financial year, the standing committee should approve it.The health department has sought Rs 10 crore to complete pending works, while the electricity department, which pays for lights on roads, hospitals, octroi nakas, schools, crematoriums, PMC offices, etc, has asked for Rs 9 crore to clear its bills.The urban community development department has sought funds to meet the increased expenditure on scholarship project for students, while the vehicle depot department has demanded Rs 6 crore towards fuel expenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17658386", "title": "Attempt to murder case against accused", "text": "BHOPAL: Khushbu denied taking any money from Rupali and on the latter's insistence, the victim started attacking her senior's character.On Sunday, Rupali was allegedly beaten by Khushbu's parents, who also bad-mouthed the girl about her character in public. On Monday morning, Rupali, armed with kerosene and a matchbox, walked into the neighbouring house.\"Khushbu was rushed to the district hospital from where she has been refered to Hamidia Hospital in Bhopal,\" SP Shashikant Shukla said. \"A case under section 307 IPC (attempt to murder has been registered against Rupali Vishwakarma and she has been arrested,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17656468", "title": "All-rounder Surve inspires WR Accounts", "text": "MUMBAI: Nitin Surve's brilliant all-round show helped Western Railway Accountes defeat Lilavati Hospital by 87 runs in the Times Shield D Division cricket tournament.Surve scored top-scored with 81 runs in Western Railway's total of 252 and then turned his arm around to pick six wickets for 75 runs.Brief Scores:Standard Chartered Bank 433-6 (Saurabh Randive 121, Ahsanul Siddhiqui 78, Amar Arte 66, Vaibhav Sane 67, Sandeep Pawar 50*; S. Balasubramaniam 4-122) bt MTNL , Mumbai 78 (Ketan Mehata 3-28, Sandeep Pawar 3-34, Mahesh Shelke 3-6) by 355 runs.Nirlon 227 (Dharam Ganatra 55, V Kamat 66; Vishal Dhagaonkar 6-95, Shailesh Dubli 2-61, Datta Mitbhavkar 2-19) bt Routesms Solutions Ltd 209 (Sumit Dhekle 44, Kishore Waghela 39, Shailesh Dubli 40; Harshal Merchant 5-60, Nikhil Bagal 2-38, Vidyadhar Kamat 2-53) by 18 runs.Reliance Group 84 (Vaibhav Sawant 4-35, Ameya Desai 4-32, Varun Ponkshe 2-16) lost to Merck Ltd 86-6 (Abhay Deo 3-24) by 4 wkts.WR Accounts 252 (Nitin Surve 81, Raja Adhatrao 77, Vaibhav Patil 43; Vishal Shinde 7-77) beat Lilavati Hospital 165 (S Salunkhe 35, Nitin Surve 6-75; M Patil 3-62) by 87 runs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "rome", "code": "17658944", "title": "It\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s official: Berlusconi is engaged to girl 48 years his junior", "text": "ROME: Former Italian premier Silvio Berlusconi has revealed he is engaged to a woman almost 50 years his junior, and says that \"finally I feel less alone\". The 76-year-old media baron said on Sunday his engagement to 28-year-old Francesca Pascale \u00e2\u20ac\u201d part of a support group called \"Silvio, we miss you\" \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is \"official\".Berlusconi's second wife left him in 2008, citing alleged dalliances with young women. He is now on trial on charges of having sex with an underage woman and using his office to cover it up.Newspapers described Berlusconi's appearance on Canale 5 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d one of his television networks \u00e2\u20ac\u201d as attempt to boost falling approval rates ahead of an election early next year.His girlfriend Francesca Pascale is a TV presenter. \"She is 28 years old, with very solid values, beautiful on the outside and even more beautiful on the inside. She is very close to me, she loves me very much and I feel the same. My daughter Marina appreciates her and loves her very much too,\" he said.There had been rumours about his new relationship for months and the pair had been photographed together recently while watching Berlusconi's football team, AC Milan . The romance was confirmed by Daniela Santanche, an MP in his People of Freedom (PDL) party, and one Italian newspaper recently described her as Italy's new \"first lady.\" Pascale, a former shop assistant, served as a provincial councillor in Berlusconi's PDL party until she stepped down in July. She was one of the founding members of a support group \"Silvio, we miss you.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "17658909", "title": "Tripura assembly records lowest number of sittings", "text": "AGARTALA: The Tripura assembly has registered the lowest average number of sittings (16 days) in a year for the last five years followed by Uttarakhand (19) and Punjab (19), Uttar Pradesh (22) and Himachal Pradesh (26). Releasing the information on functioning of Tripura assembly (2008-12), National Coordinator of National Election Watch (NEW), Anil Bairwal, said Gujarat with 31 days has the maximum number of sittings per year in the country. He added that the analysis revealed that only 31 bills were passed in the house while the attendance of Congress MLAs was poor.Attending an open-house discussion with political parties and civil society organizations of Tripura and Mizoram organized by National Election Watch (NEW), CPM state secretary Bijan Dhar said the proposed auditing of accounts by CAG-appointed auditors might attract unnecessary complications and led to favoritism and bureaucratic intervention. He, however, proposed monitoring of accounts of the parties through a system of checking and cross-checking on the basis of Income Tax returns besides amending concerned sections of the IT Act with the provision of more stringent punishment for concealing or providing wrong information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17659594", "title": "HC grants pension to man sacked over Halba claim", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court has directed the Maharashtra government to pay pension benefits to an employee whose services were terminated in 2005 over a caste claim. Justices Bhushan Gavai and Ravi Deshpande granted relief to Jagan Taklikar, who had been appointed lower division clerk against a vacancy for Scheduled Tribes in 1972.The court had directed the respondents, including union labour ministry and Central Board of Workers Education (CBWE) to reinstate the petitioner. But since he has already crossed the retirement date, he will be entitled to all pension benefits.The petitioner belongs to Halba community and was appointed at the CBWE office on North Ambazari Road in 1972. About 28 years later, in March 2000, his caste claim was declared invalid. He filed a petition which was disposed of in 2001, granting him liberty to make a fresh representation to his employer, but even that was rejected.In the meanwhile, a departmental inquiry found him guilty of suppression of facts and he was sacked on August 12, 2005. He challenged his suspension in the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT), but his application was rejected on April 28, 2010. Finally, he moved the high court again, seeking quashing of the CAT order.Justice Gavai and Deshpande cited earlier judgments and the subsequent union office memorandum that mentioned that the services of all Halba community people appointed before November 28, 2000, will be made permanent, but they were not to be entitled to any promotion on their caste claims.\"We are of the view that since the petitioner's appointment is prior to November 28, 2000, and the only ground of rejection of caste claim is that pre-Independence document show either he was Kosti or Halba Kosti, the petitioner is entitled to protection of service,\" held the court.The court quashed the CAT order and asked the government to notionally reinstate Taklikar and to hand over all increments till the date of retirement and all continuity and consequential benefits. The court however ruled out any back wages to the petitioner, and asked the government to pay him regular pension benefits from January 2013.(With inputs from Lakshmi Dwivedi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17658367", "title": "Bachelor's of Physiotherapy result delay affects students' internship plans", "text": "INDORE: Hundreds of Bachelor's of Physiotherapy (BPT) students are scared that they may not be able to join internship which is scheduled to begin from next month, all thanks to the delay in the result announcement of the Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV).The session of final professional of the BPT is running behind its schedule. The students had given the examination three-and-a-half months back for which results have not been announced yet.On Monday, a group of students visited the administrative campus of the varsity pressing authorities to declare results as soon as possible or else, they will go on an indefinite strike, they threatened.The students union along with student leader Varsha Sharma, met the registrar who directed the staff of the evaluation centre to declare results on priority. The students were pacified after registrar's assurances to declare results within a month.\"We met the registrar who has promised to declare results by the month end. We got to know that examiners have not checked the answer sheets yet. We will go on strike if the results are not declared in two days' time. Result declaration has already delayed the course,\" said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17659598", "title": "CM's Tadoba visit raises hopes, lifts staff morale", "text": "NAGPUR: Sunday's visit of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to Tadoba national park on Sunday, the first by a chief minister in many years, has elevated morale of wildlife wing officials and field staff. Insiders say it has shown political will on behalf of government to conservation issues.So far, even Maharashtra chief ministers and ministers used to visit Kanha and Pench in neighbouring Madhya Pradesh to see tigers thinking sighting in state forests was poor. However, Chavan proved that the Tadoba has made a major turnaround.\"Chavan notified four wildlife sanctuaries, filled up all vacant posts and promoted officials. He did not just blindly sign the notifications but understood the need for these protected areas (PAs) for tigers. By appealing to save corridors, he has gone a step ahead. For years we have been crying for such political will,\" said Kishor Rithe, president of Satpuda Foundation.\"Chief minister's visit has given a big boost to staff and wildlife wing officials. Regular sightings of tigers in Tadoba is the result of strong conservation measures undertaken in the past decade,\" claimed SWH Naqvi, principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife), Maharashtra. \"It is very heartening to have the chief minister in Tadoba. Involvement of senior policymakers to check ground realities is an extremely positive step. We hope this will prioritize difficulties faced by the field staff and lacuna on the ground. It will certainly benefit wildlife,\" felt Poonam Dhanwatey, honorary district wildlife warden of Chandrapur.Chavan has displayed political will to protect tigers or at a time when wildlife as a sector was suffering neglect. Now his cabinet colleagues and MLAs should also follow suit and work for protecting wild animals. The chief minister should contain threats like Human dam that will cut the tiger corridor between Tadoba and Umred-Karhandla sanctuary, said Prafulla Bhamburkar, state in charge of Wildlife Trust of India (WTI).The Vidarbha Economic Development Council (VED), which is fighting for tourism to get its due in the region, dubs it a big moment. \"It will surely boost tiger tourism. Chavan seems to be sensitive towards wildlife and forests and wants to do something. At the same time he should not forget the fact that tiger tourism needs to be promoted else there would be no conservation,\" said Devendra Parekh, president of VED.QuotesChavan notified four wildlife sanctuaries, filled up all vacant posts and promoted officials. By appealing to save corridors, he has gone a step aheadKishor Rithe | president, Satpuda FoundationChavan seems to be sensitive towards wildlife and forests... At the same time he should not forget the fact that tiger tourism needs to be promoted else there would be no conservationDevendra Parekh, president, VEDCM's visit has given a big boost to staff and wildlife wing officials. Regular sightings of tigers in Tadoba is the result of strong conservation measures undertaken in the past decadeSWH Naqvi | PCCF (wildlife), Mah", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17658412", "title": "Sunshine brings relief from chilly weather", "text": "VARANASI: Brief spell of sun shine on Monday gave relief from the chilly conditions prevailing in the city for past three to four days. While the past few day's fog and cold waves forced people to stay indoors to ward off cold conditions, a number of locals and devotees were found enjoying sunshine on ghats and other outdoor areas.It may be noted that city received no sunshine for past few days and with slight drizzle past weekend conditions worsened further. However, despite the sunshine, cold waves continued to swept across the region. Cold waves started enveloping the region once again from Monday evening. Markets were found shut and roads were deserted again due to reappearing of hazy conditions during night. People specially devotees, roadside vendors, beggars and small children were found taking relief from bonfires at ghats, markets places and roadside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "faizabad/lucknow", "code": "17658274", "title": "Babri mosque case: Court issues NBW against SP MP, ex-Shiv Sena MLA", "text": "FAIZABAD/LUCKNOW: The special CBI court in Lucknow on Monday issued non-bailable warrant (NBW) against Samajwadi Party MP Brij Bhushan Sharan Singh and former Shiv Sena MLA Pawan Pandey, accused in the Babri mosque demolition case, for being non-present during trial. The duo were also not represented by their lawyers.Issuing the order, special judge Shashi Mauli Tripathi directed the CBI to ensure compliance of the order by December 22.Brij Bhushan Sharan Singh, currently SP MP from Qaiserganj, was BJP MP from Gonda at the time of demolition in 1992. He was also a close aide of BJP leader LK Advani and VHP leader Ashok Singhal during the Ram temple movement. He is accused of having provoked Karsewaks to demolish the Babri mosque.Singh was made accused by CBI along with senior Shiv Sena, VHP and BJP leaders including Ashok Singhal, Uma Bharati, LK Advani and Uma Bharati.Pawan Pandey is a former Shiv Sena MLA from Akbarpur in Faizabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17657970", "title": "College students mourn girl's death in ECR accident", "text": "CHENNAI: Candles were lit and a minute's silence observed at MOP Vaishnav College for Women in Nungambakkam for Aakriti Dhingra, who died in a car accident on East Coast Road on Sunday.\"She was a familiar face on campus and a lively person, though I didn't know her personally. It's so sad that this happened to her,\" said a student from another department. \"She was a fun-loving girl and was a hard-working student,\" said a classmate of Aakriti.The college held a prayer service for the speedy recovery of the six other students who were injured in the accident. Those who knew about the accident gave others the details in hushed voices.College principal K Nirmala Prasad made the announcement of the student's death later in the morning and asked the college faculty and students to observe a minute's silence for Aakriti.Members of the faculty and students remained tight lipped about what happened before the accident. Some said that the students in the car did not attend a party and were not under the influence of alcohol.On Monday, one of the students Shika was discharged from Apollo Hospitals . Doctors said the condition of two other girls admitted to the hospital was \"stable and out of danger\".Two girls, Sneha and Utsa, were admitted to Global Hospital. Sneha, who had head injuries, was shifted out of the intensive care unit on Monday evening and Utsa was being readied for discharge on Tuesday. \"Sneha is responding well to treatment. She will be discharged in two days,\" the doctor said.On Sunday, the girls who were travelling in a car on ECR met with an accident, when their car hit a median and turned turtle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "allapuzha", "code": "17658298", "title": "Houseboat industry gets good response from holiday makers", "text": "ALLAPUZHA: Recent incidents of houseboats catching fire had adversely affected the houseboat industry in Alappuzha. However, now the houseboat operators have become active again in the district as 95 per cent houseboats have been booked by holiday makers as part of Christmas and New Year celebrations.Kerala Houseboat Owners Association ( KHOA) president Jomon Konnakaipilly said: \"We landed in trouble after the continuous fire incidents haunted our boats. However, now the situation has changed. We have been getting good response from the tourists as part of Christmas and New Year celebrations. There are around 1,000 boats are being operated in Alappuzha Backwaters under three associations and 95% of these boats have been booked for Christmas and New Year celebrations. We also hope VIPs and VVIPs this time in our boats.''\"We have augmented the rate of our houseboats. The holiday makers should give Rs 8,500 to Rs 10,000 for an overnight houseboat cruise from 11 am to 9 pm in single bedroom AC and non-AC houseboats respectively. Now the present rate for a single bedroom AC houseboat (from 11 am to 9pm) is Rs 6,500. The new rate of a double bedroom AC houseboat will be Rs 14,000 (current rate is Rs 9,000). We have decided to charge Rs 15,000 to 18,000 for a three bedroom AC houseboat,'' Jomon said.District Tourism Promotion Council (DTPC), which conducts the houseboat pre-paid counter at Punnamada, has also decided to increase the rate of the houseboats from Rs 500 to Rs 4,000.\"We have received a proposal from the houseboat operators for increasing the rates. Now it is under the consideration of DTPC and the DTPC executive committee will soon finalize the rates and it will be published in its website,'' said DTPC secretary C Pradeep.It was on July 7 last year the houseboat pre-paid counter was inaugurated by state tourism minister A P Anilkumar for avoiding the mediators.\"Almost all the houseboats have been booked by travel agencies,'' said R R Joshiraj, a houseboat operator and the DTPC member.\"There will be Santa Claus, stars, cakes and wine in our houseboats. Though wine is banned in the houseboats, it is unavoidable during Christmas and New Year celebrations,'' said a houseboat operator in Alappuzha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17658259", "title": "HC issues notice to Sessions Judge", "text": "LUCKNOW: The high court has sought explanation from Sessions Judge Lucknow KK Sharma as to under which circumstances he granted bail to an accused on merit, whose bail plea was earlier rejected by it .The court posted the matter for hearing on December 19.Expressing displeasure over the manner in which Sharma granted bail, Justice Sudhir Kumar Saxena said it was inappropriate for the former to grant bail sidelining the HC order.The court also issued notice to the accused asking why his bail should not be cancelled.Hearing a plea of transfer of the case, the court found that the bail plea of accused Syed Wasim Haider, a member of Dawood gang, was rejected on November 2, 2011, by the High Court but sessions judge granted him bail on August 1, 2012, giving him benefit under section 437(6) of the CrPC and also discussing merit of the case.On the same allegations, however, two other co-accused are still in jail while Haider got bail on second bail application though his first bail plea was turned down and even the HC had rejected his bail, said Justice Saxena.The Anti Terrorist Squad had filed a chargesheet against Haider and others. He is accused of having helped the D-company members lodged in Maharastra jail.Haider had been booked for offences under the IPC and the Passport Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17658422", "title": "Most virulent form of dengue outbreak alarms national capital", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi is seeing an outbreak of the most dangerous and virulent form of dengue virus this season.Genetic analysis of the virus strains in circulation in India has shown that the national Capital is seeing a massive circulation of dengue virus serotype 2 that causes hemorrhagic fever, triggering a high mortality rate.An analysis of the type 2 strain has shown that the virus has also mutated.Dr A C Dhariwal, chief of India's National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme, told TOI that the genetic analysis of the virus strain conducted by the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has found that it is of genotype 4 that didn't exist earlier.Dr Dhariwal said, \"Type 2 strain of dengue is known to result with severe manifestations of the disease. On the other hand, we have seen a completely new genotype this season.\"Dr Shobha Broor, head of microbiology at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences ( AIIMS), added, \"This year Delhi is seeing an outbreak of type 2 dengue virus which is the most dangerous type. Chandigarh too is facing a similar type 2 outbreak. Genotype tells us how the virus is changing. Since genotype 4 hasn't occurred earlier, the population in Delhi is more susceptible to getting infected and they aren't naturally protected against this particular type,\" Dr Broor said.Dr Broor said since the population in Delhi has not been exposed to genotype 4 before, they don't have antibodies that protect them and hence their body does not have immunity against xenotype 4.Dr Broor added, \"In 1996, Delhi saw an outbreak with a dengue virus with genotype 2. Last year, Delhi saw an outbreak of a virus with genotype 3. This year, we have tested 12 samples and all turned out to be type 2 strain. \"Dengue is caused by four viruses, namely, DENV 1, 2, 3 and 4.\"Based on the serotype and genotype data available with us now, we have instructed states to prepare for the next high transmission season which usually starts in July and goes onto October. Delhi has already put in place a task force to combat dengue,\" Dr Dhariwal said.Dengue virus spreads by the bite of infected Aedes mosquito and causes a wide spectrum of illness from mild asymptomatic illness to severe fatal dengue hemorrhagic fever/dengue shock syndrome (DHF/DSS).Approximately 2.5 billion people live in dengue-risk regions with about 100 million new cases each year worldwide.National vector control programme also analyzed samples from various states. Three strains have been found to be commonly circulating in Kolkata, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu \u00e2\u20ac\u201d dengue type 1, 2 and 3.Dengue cases have seen a massive spurt in India this year. India had recorded 15,535 cases and 96 deaths in 2009, but the corresponding figure till November, 2012, stood at over 35,000 cases and 216 fatalities. Tamil Nadu has recorded the highest number of deaths (60), followed by Maharashtra (59), Karnataka (21), Punjab (15), Kerala (13) and West Bengal (9).In the number of confirmed cases, Tamil Nadu leads the pack with 9,249 cases, followed by Bengal (6,067 cases).Delhi has recorded 1,584 cases and four deaths.The number of cases of dengue infection and deaths is higher this year than the previous two years. In 2010, India recorded 28,292 cases and 110 deaths, while it recorded 18,860 cases and 169 fatalities last year.In comparison, malaria cases and deaths have decreased from 15 lakh cases and 1,144 deaths in 2009 to 7.36 lakh cases and 309 fatalities this year.Minister of state for health Abu Hasem Khan Choudhury said recently, \"There is an increase in the total number of dengue cases and deaths during the current year in various parts of the country.\"Choudhury added, \"For augmented diagnosis, 347 sentinel surveillance facilities have been established in hospitals across states. They are linked to 14 apex referral laboratories. ELISA-based NSI test kits for detection of cases from the first day of diseases can be procured by state governments under National Rural Health Mission.\"The World Health Organization (WHO) has sent out an ominous warning that climate change and global warming will make vector- borne diseases like dengue.A landmark report on climate change and health published by WHO says that in the last 100 years the world has warmed by approximately 0.75 degree Celsius. Over the last 25 years, the rate of global warming has accelerated, at over 0.18 degree Celsius per decade.WHIO said, \"Dengue has become the most rapidly spreading mosquito-borne viral disease in the world.It is estimated to cause over 50 million infections and around 15,000 deaths every year across approximately 100 countries. Infection could range from a mild flu-like fever to the potentially fatal severe dengue, which particularly affects individuals who are exposed to one of the four different strains of the virus as a secondary infection.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17658939", "title": "Panchayat polls to be held in 3 phases from Jan 30 to Feb 12", "text": "GUWAHATI: The state election commission on Monday announced the dates of the ensuing panchayat election which is to be conducted in three phases from January 30 to February 12 next year. The first phase of voting will be held on January 30, while the second and the third phases are scheduled for February 6 and February 12 respectively. Counting of votes for all three phases will be done on February 14-15.State election commissioner Biren Dutta said that the dates for the panchayat polls were fixed after taking into consideration the HSLC and HS exams, Magh Bihu, the Barpeta Road session of the Asom Sahitya Sabha and other occasions.In the first phase, polling will be held in Tinsukia, parts of Dibrugarh, Jorhat, Sivasagar, Jorhat, Golaghat, parts of Nagaon and in North Lakhimpur and Dhemaji districts of upper Assam.During second phase, election for the remaining parts of Dibrugarh, Sonitpur, Darrang, parts of Kamrup (Rural), Nalbari and Barpeta, parts of Chirang, Bongaigaon, Dhubri, Kamrup (Metro) and Morigaon districts will be held.In the third and final phase, polling will be held in Cachar, Karimganj and Hailakandi districts of Barak Valley, remaining parts of Kamrup (Rural), parts of Dhubri, Goalpara and parts of Morigaon.Dutta said the last date for filing nominations for the first phase is January 2. For the second and third phase, the last dates for filing nominations are January 8 and January 16 respectively.On January 8, the list of contesting candidates for the first phase will be published. On January 18 and January 24, the list of contesting candidates for the second and third phase will be published.\"The total estimate for the panchayat election this time will be around Rs 70 crore. There has been hike in the limit of expenditure by the candidates,\" Dutta said.While the state election commission has banned exit polls for the election, the model code of conduct has come into effect from Monday itself. \"From today onwards, the state government can't announce new schemes and policies. The election model code of conduct will be implemented strictly,\" Dutta said.Compared to the 2007 panchayat polls in the state, expenditure by a candidate contesting for the post of zilla parishad member has been increased from Rs 40,000 to Rs 4 lakh.For a candidate contesting for the portfolio of anchalik panchayat member, the expenditure limit has been hiked from Rs 20,000 to Rs 1 lakh. A presidential candidate of the gaon panchayat can spend a maximum of Rs 1 lakh. On the other hand, for a candidate contesting the post of gaon panchayat member, the maximum expenditure allowed is Rs 10,000.The state election commissioner said this time, a minimum of 13,422 women representatives are expected to represent various levels of panchayats after the elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17656345", "title": "Time for split captaincy? Sunil Gavaskar backs Virat Kohli", "text": "The last time England won a Test series in India, present England skipper Alastair Cook was barely a month old. On Monday, Cook proudly led his team to a historic victory, even as MS Dhoni stoically contemplated yet another debacle.In a sense, Dhoni can consider himself fortunate to be leading India in this era. Back in the 1970s, Ajit Wadekar won India three Test series in a row; including two historic away triumphs against England and West Indies.But one 0-3 loss against England in 1974 and he was gone. From Bishen Singh Bedi to Kapil Dev to Sunil Gavaskar, nobody has been given a longer rope as Indian skipper than Dhoni.Dhoni has led India to 0-4 drubbings in Australia and England -- and survived. Hard-won victories against lowly ranked teams like New Zealand and West Indies were allowed to lull India into a sense of complacency, even though the alarm bells should have been clanging.The chickens finally came home to roost against England. It is possible that a weakened, transitional team would have lost anyway. But Dhoni's unimaginative field placements, whimsical team choices, ignoring of certain players -- Rahane has been warming the benches for over a year now -- and needless clashes with curators certainly didn't help.If anything, his lack of effective leadership probably cost India the series.Has the time come for a split captaincy? There's a growing chorus asking for Dhoni's replacement as Test captain -- and some of the voices are well respected.As a selector several months ago, Mohinder Amarnath had asked for a change in Test leadership, something that cost him dearly. But even legends like Sunil Gavaskar and former chairman of selectors Krishnamachari Srikkanth have said that Dhoni needs to go. So has another former great, Abbas Ali Baig.On Monday, Gavaskar told a TV channel, \"Till the fourth day of the Nagpur Test, I would have backed Dhoni. Now that Virat has come up with a hundred under trying circumstances where he curbed his natural game, he discovered a good part about himself. He is ready to take on the mantle of Test cricket. That needs to be looked at in a positive manner by everyone concerned as that is where the future lies.\"Srikkanth said, \"Dhoni's become stale and doesn't know what to do when things go out of the way. He shouldn't be the Test captain anymore. Had I been the chairman of selectors, I would have picked Dhoni as a wicket-keeper batsman but it is time to look beyond him as a Test captain.\"However, one official privy to the developments in the BCCI said a section of the board favours Gautam Gambhir as Test skipper. \"Most cricketers in the team and board members feel that Gautam Gambhir should be tried at the top.He is the third highest run-getter in this series for India and in the current circumstances he is the best bet to lead the team,\" said another official.Gambhir's success as skipper of Kolkata Knight Riders is said to be working in his favour. He has led India to six one-day internationals and won all of them. Besides, he is 31 and has his best years as a batsman ahead of him.\"I think Gambhir at the top and Virat Kohli as his deputy is the way to go about,\" said an official. Even the seniors within the cricket team that Gambhir is the best bet at the moment to lead.\"They feel it is too early for Kohli to get the reins,\" the official said. Of course, ultimately, the decision may not rest with the selectors, as Mohinder Amarnath has pointed out.TIMES VIEW:Insistence on turning tracks By demanding rank turners and getting into rows with curators, Dhoni signalled his lack of confidence in his team to win in any but the most favourable conditions. Unfortunately this ploy backfired miserably as England's spinners easily outbowled IndiaLetting situations drift India's crawl on the fourth morning of the Nagpur Test was inexplicable. Similarly Dhoni's field settings were often puzzling. Too often, England was allowed easy runs. Having non-specialist Pujara in the slips at Kolkata resulted in Cook being dropped at 17 and going on to score a match-winning 190.Strange selections Players like Rahane and Dinda seem unable to break into the XI, no matter what. Not playing a second seamer at Nagpur, where James Anderson finished man of the match, was a clear blunder. Harbhajan was not played at Eden, where he has a sterling record, and woefully underbowled at Mumbai.Unhappy dressing room? Rumours of Dhoni's rift with Sehwag had barely died down when VVS Laxman abruptly retired. Ahead of the Nagpur Test, reports surfaced of tension between Dhoni and Gautam Gambhir. Clearly, he needs to work in his communication skills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "17659462", "title": "A fern turning into a weed poses a threat to Kudremukh grasslands", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: The ecologically significant islands of shoals on the western slope of Western Ghats and grasslands at the Kudremukh National Park (KNP) are now facing threats from a fern called pteridium which has become a weed.The grasslands and shoals in KNP are complementary and harbour a variety of rare animals. They provide shelter to wildlife while the grasslands provide food for many grazing animals.Pteridium aquilium, commonly known as bracken fern, flourishes in various climatic conditions and soil. It grows rapidly in freshly disrupted places and is highly resistant to drought and fire. The underground stem, called rhizome, may run up a few hundred metres, and withstand chemical treatment for three years and sprout. Its ability to spread both underground and above the ground practically prevents growth of other plants, particularly herbs, and grasses. Ecologically, it is an invasive species that overtakes every other species.Pteridium, which is edible, is a useful weed if it is properly used. Both rhizomes and the newly emerged tender frond, the fiddlehead are eaten fresh.N A Madhyasta, a retired professor of biology, who has conducted many researches in Kudremukh hills, said pteridium is poisonous.\"The fronds (leaves) are carcinogenic and cause cancer in the bladder of cattle. Three potent carcinogenic have been extracted from pteridium. Cattle die if they eat raw fronds. The lush green appearance is deceiving and it is spreading like wildfire in KNP overtaking the grasslands,\" he said.\"Its underground stem is resistant to fire and pesticide. The traditional methods of cutting, crushing, plucking and burning are labour intensive. In low doses, sulphonyl urea seems to be effective but expensive. In the Valley of Flowers at Gharwal, Himalayas, pteridium has started growing, but they are being removed physically to control the weed,\" he said.He said it is a threat to KNP and needs immediate action to control its growth.\"Disappearance of grasslands due this fern will affect the life of grazing animals which are so vital for ecological balance and biological diversity of the national park,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17659018", "title": "'It is not an examination'", "text": "LUDHIANA: In an attempt to help students of classes IX and X to choose subjects for their senior secondary classes, the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) will be conducting Students Global Aptitude Index (SGAI) from 2013. According to CBSE officials, the SGAI is not an examination. Students are free to opt for it and can apply for the test online after which centres will be allotted to them.This initiative of the board is definitely going to help those students, who are confused about what subjects to go in for class XI. Through the SGAI, students will be counselled properly to help them know which subject interests them the most and which subject matches their aptitude. The test, which is optional, is open to all students of classes IX and X studying under the CBSE board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17658321", "title": "PMC to make Anaemia test must for civic school girls", "text": "PUNE: The women and child welfare committee of the PMC has decided to make the anaemia test compulsory for girl students every year in municipal schools after a large number of them were found to be anaemic. The civic administration has planned to carry out anaemia tests for girls each year.The drive will also be conducted for women employees of the PMC.Civic officials said that the committee took a decision to make these tests compulsory at a meeting held on Friday. Last year, when PMC conducted health check-ups on around 600 girls, it was found that about 60% of them were anaemic. Anemia is caused due to a lack of red blood cells or haemoglobin in the blood.\"After the check-ups, we decided to take some measures and the anaemia testing scheme for girls was proposed,\" said Meenal Sarvade, head of the women and child welfare committee of the PMC.PMC runs 294 schools in the city with Marathi, Urdu and English as mediums of instruction. Out of the 80,000 students who study here, nearly 50% are girls. The civic administration also has plans to provide free medical treatment to poor and needy students studying in primary and secondary schools. In August, PMC's women and child welfare committee approved a proposal for providing free medical treatment to students till Class X.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17658649", "title": "A year on, no report yet for botched operations in Durg", "text": "RAIPUR: It's ironical that while the Chhattisgarh government proclaims to find out the reasons for the latest scandal of botched eye surgeries at Mahasamund within 10 days through an inquiry by the health department, the fate of an earlier inquiry ordered a year ago into a similar case in Durg district, where 45 people became blind at an eye-camp, remains unknown.The departmental inquiry against six people including three doctors, block medical officer and paramedics of the health department remains inconclusive as of date and the inquiry officer has failed to submit his report on the reasons for the Durg mishap so far. Admitting that the inquiry was still going on, a senior official of the health department attributed it to \"procedural delays\".Whatever the reasons are, the callous attitude of the government is there for all to see. The fact that no report has been submitted yet exposes the lax attitude of the officials of the health department and their insensitiveness towards such a big human tragedy.The government has announced Rs 50,000 compensation each for 12 victims who have lost their eye sight in the camp organised by Sri Krishna Agarwal Memorial Trust, in collaboration with the health department at Bagbahra, Mahasamund on December 9 and 10. Meanwhile, doctors attending the patients confirmed that while nine people had already lost eyesight due to the botched up surgeries, three more might meet the same fate, as their condition wasn't good despite the treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17657309", "title": "Non-plan expenditure up, government for austerity", "text": "NEW DELHI: The finance department has advised all Delhi government departments to observe austerity by applying the brakes on \"unnecessary\" administrative expenditure and deferring all plans to buy cars, furniture, computers and laptops, go on foreign tours and host conferences until the next financial year.Secretaries in all departments of the state will be allowed to move ahead with only urgent expenditure under all these heads that come under non-plan expenditure. A dismal 17% capital expenditure on projects including infrastructure out of the total plan outlay has also become a cause of major concern.The cabinet led by chief minister Sheila Dikshit , who also holds the portfolio of finance, was informed of the measures during a mid-term appraisal of the annual budget 2012-13 on Monday. The Delhi CM is learnt to have directed administrative secretaries to curb non-plan expenditure and step up plan expenditure on capital projects to meet targets.The finance department's move comes in the wake of rising non-plan expenditure by the Delhi government pertaining to maintenance costs like salaries, interest payments, grants-in-aid and devolution of funds to local bodies. The non-plan expenditure between April to November was a whopping Rs 12,431 crore, which works out to 68% of the total outlay of Rs 18,268 crore.The finance department pointed out that, in comparison to non-plan expenditure, the plan expenditure for this current fiscal till November was just Rs 5,981 crores (40% approx) of the budget estimate figure of Rs 15,000 crore. \"The plan expenditure is the expenditure done on productive assets. Reduced plan expenditure is a matter of concern,\" a source said. The department told the cabinet that what is more worrisome is the fact that of this 40% plan expenditure the expenditure under capital outlay is a mere 17%. It is learnt that the ministers were informed that non-plan expenditure almost double the plan expenditure is not good for the economy.The finance department wants all departments to vigorously pursue capital works which include infrastructure projects. The appraisal also asserted that focus has to be on reducing non-plan expenditure, enhancing capital expenditure and maximizing revenue collection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17658767", "title": "Lunch scheme a failure in Garhwa", "text": "GARHWA: The ambitious \"mukhyamantri dal-bhaat yojna\" for providing meal at Rs 5 to the poor, daily wage-earners and passers-by has been a total failure in the district, thanks to the alleged apathy of the district administration.The scheme was launched amid fanfare on August 15 last year in 24 centres of the district, of which three were at the district headquarters. However, all the three centres have been closed after 3-4 months. The same condition prevails in other centres that were opened in various blocks of the district.Sources said the lunch scheme did not serve the purpose because of lack of monitoring and maintenance.\"We have got information that the lunch scheme has been lying closed,\" Garhwa SDM A Muthu Kumar said. He, however, said the scheme would soon be restarted.Zila parishad chairperson Sushma Mehta said the lunch scheme had been closed in the district only because of apathy of the district administration. \"Panchayat representative will take to the street if the scheme does not resume soon,\" Mehta added.Garhwa circle officer (CO) Pramod Kumar Jha, however, said the scheme would soon be re-launched.Expressing his dissatisfaction over the functioning of the lunch scheme Yogendra Kumar said that the lunch scheme was not running properly due to NGOs which were assigned for the lunch scheme failed to pay proper attention. So the responsibility of scheme was given to self help groups (SHGs). \"But SHGs too have failed to run the scheme properly,\" Kumar said.According to government norms, lunch should be served to 400 people a day in rural areas. However, only 50-60 people were being served the food while the number of beneficiaries was being shown 400 on the register. The same situation was prevailing in urban areas also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17658253", "title": "Court seeks action against corrupt officials", "text": "LUCKNOW: The high court has directed the secretary and director of Bal Vikas Pushtahar department to take action against corrupt and inefficient officials running the Child Development Scheme in Uttar Pradesh. Under the said scheme, children up to six years and pregnant women are provided nutritious food through aganwadi centres.The court told the officials to ensure better management of the scheme. \"Success of a scheme, howsoever good, depends upon the quality of men who are selected to run the scheme,\" said a bench of acting Chief Justice Shiv Kirti Singh and Justice DK Arora.While passing the above directives and observations, the court, however, directed the petitioners to study the issue threadbare since their plea was based on newspaper reports. The court told them to file a new petition after studying the issue.The PIL had alleged mismanagement, misappropriation and anomalies in the Child Development Scheme for which the Central government provides funds and sought probe into the matter. It also mentioned the report of officials who inspected some aganwadi centres and found anomalies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17658788", "title": "Andhra University College of Engineering sets up bio-metric attendance", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Andhra University College of Engineering (AUCE) has become the first state-run educational institution in the state to install a bio-metric thumb impression attendance system on its campus, to keep check on students bunking classes and improve their attendance percentages to avoid the possibility of disqualification from sitting in annual examinations.The AUCE spent nearly Rs 5 lakh to obtain the system, which was installed three months ago in the campus at 12 points including 11 select departments and the principal's chamber. On a trial basis, the system has been made operational for first year students only, and the college is planning to expand it to all 40 departments from next academic year. Earlier attendance was kept through a manual register with a clerk cadre officer specially entrusted with the task. Now, the attendance will be automatically recorded at a special server through the system.\"The technology of biometric thumb impression has helped AUCE in improving the students' attendance as well as punctuality. I don't think this kind of a system is operational in any other government educational university or institution in the state, \"AUCE principal, GSN Raju told TOI.Uploading of students' data onto the software has been going on in a phased manner. Initially, the profile and thumb impressions of the first year students of a few departments have been uploaded, while the registration of the remaining students will start soon. Each student would be given a unique biometric code, using which his identity can be checked whenever required. Apart from the attendance, the system would also help the authorities detect discrepancies in photographs and thumb impressions of the applicants who appear for the admission test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17659085", "title": "Elected members, civic chief spar over NMC\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s finances", "text": "NASHIK: While the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) is expected to play a major role in making arrangements for the next Kumbh and has drawn a plan amounting to Rs 2,505 crore, the elected representatives and the municipal commissioner are divided over the financial health of the civic body to execute routine works in the wards.The issue was raised in the standing committee meeting of NMC on Monday when the members demanded funds for executing local civic works in their constituencies, but municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare declined saying that the corporation was facing a financial crunch and civic works were being approved only in phases.\"The financial condition of NMC is not so good. We already have a spill over from the previous year, and reducing it in itself is a challenge,\" Khandare said.However, the standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse contradicted Khandare's statement saying that the financial condition of the NMC was good. \"The revenue of NMC through octroi has increased by 40%. Moreover, the revenue through house cess and water taxes has also increased. There is already a burden of works under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission ( JNNURM). Moreover, lot of civic developmental works pertaining to road, water and electricity departments are already going on in the city on a large scale. Hence, we can't say that NMC's financial condition is not good,\" he said.Earlier, several standing committee members demanded administrative approval for their works as per the budget for the current financial year.Damodar Mankar of City Development Front said, \"Only three months of the current financial year are now remaining. While a provision of developmental funds amounting to Rs 30 lakh for each corporator has been made in the budget, the funds are not being approved by the corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17658937", "title": "'Curious why CBSE chose Rajini's story'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Rajinikanth's life story has been included in a chapter for students of Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) in the Learning to Communicate (Course Book 6). While the lesson has reportedly been included to inculcate a sense of achievement among kids and motivate them to follow their goals and passion in life with persistent hard work, TOI speaks to city-based counsellors, parents and students who have contrary views on the subject.DAV Senior Secondary School principal Rakesh Sachdeva said, \"There are far more better and motivating life stories in history of our country to teach children. How about including stories of legendary Sukhdev and Rajguru? As far as Rajinikanth is concerned, I would say it's not the best choice.\"For parents the question is simple - why take Rajinikanth's story when we have many other deserving personalities to emulate from our history? \"He did everything for himself. Nothing that he did was for the country or a social cause,\" most opine.Parents in city are now worried about the impact of this section of the curriculum on their children. Relevance of the topic for a Class VI student is raising concern for a parent Gopi Sawhney of Sector 18. \"I don't feel Rajinikanth's life story is relevant for students - there is nothing much to learn as whatever he has done is for himself. No one but him can verify the truth. I think sacrifice of people like Sukhdev and Rajguru are much more relevant than the actor,\" said Sawhney.Vandana Mathew, a teacher at St Anne's Convent School, said, \"Everything depends on the point of view that has been presented by CBSE through Rajnikanth's life story. But I would still suggest CBSE to rethink its decision of including the chapter.\"Meanwhile, students are an excited lot after hearing the news. Most are curious to know what is so special about the actor that made the Board select his life story. \"I am excited as well as curious to know why Rajinikanth's story has been picked for CBSE course book,\" said Karan Bansal, a student of St Anne's Convent School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17659722", "title": "Cricket match brawl proves fatal for boy", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 17-year-old cricketer died when he was hit by a fellow player after a brawl broke out during a match at Malkajgiri.The victim was identified as B Ranga, son of Rangaiah, a garbage collector from Chandrababu Naidu Colony in Lalapet . During a friendly match at a ground in Prashant Nagar of Malkajgiri on December 14, Ranga was allegedly assaulted by his 16-year-old friend from Moula Ali. \"Ranga was pinned down and repeatedly kicked in the abdomen by the teenager,\" Malkajgiri inspector A Venkateswarulu said.On Sunday evening, Ranga complained of severe stomach pain and was rushed to Gandhi Hospital. While undergoing treatment, Ranga succumbed in the wee hours of Monday.\"We have to wait for the post-mortem report to know the exact cause of death. We have booked a case under section 304-II (Culpable homicide not amounting to murder) of the IPC and took the boy into custody\" the inspector added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17660643", "title": "Women's clothes in Salman Khan's bag", "text": "... and no it's not his fashion fad. Just that his bag got exchanged with a fellow traveller in HyderabadSalman Khan , known to help his friends in the film industry, was rendered helpless by a lady at the Hyderabad airport on Sunday. Unwittingly, a fellow passenger in his Mumbai-Hyderabad flight that took off at around 9.30 am, took his bag and left hers behind on the conveyer belt. When Salman team opened the bag (thinking it was his), they were shocked to find the actor's clothes turned into women's wear.Needless to say, the team ran helter skelter to locate the correct piece of luggage. Surely, they couldn't have faced their 'boss' with a bag full of women's clothes. They tried to trace the rightful owner of the identical bag. But the lady, in the meantime, had left the building.A source close to the actor told TOI, \"Salman was flying out of Mumbai to perform at the Hitex ground in Hyderabad. He landed there around noon. His head of security, Shera, had flown down a day in advance to ensure the security was in place. He was the one who had come to receive Salman at the airport.\"While Salman headed out to the venue, his team tried everything under the sun to get the right bag back. After all, it had all the costumes the actor was going to wear for his performance.\"The airport authority was informed. And they were on their toes looking for the right bag. They understood the urgency of the situation ,\" added the source. After delving through the lady's bag, they thankfully found her contact details. \"She was immediately called back and told that the bag she was carrying wasn't hers but Salman Khan's. Even then, it took her a couple of hours to come back and return the bag to the actor's team,\" the source told us.The bag was found and so were Salman's costumes. And the show, in which the actor grooved to Mudassar Khan's steps and Sukhwinder Singh's voice, was quite a hit. After the show, Salman was on his way to Delhi for another leg of Dabangg 2 promotions. And luckily, no bag was lost this time. We heard that when the team landed up at the Hyderabad venue and narrated the incident to Salman, the actor couldn't stop laughing. Neither could we, really.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17658324", "title": "Criminal injures self in police lock-up", "text": "PUNE: A criminal on police record banged his head on the bars of the lock-up of the Pimpri police station on Monday morning.The suspect, Bilal Sai Khan (42), a resident of Chikhali, sustained minor head injuries in the incident. \"Khan was sent back to the lock-up after treatment,\" said Mohan Vidhate, senior inspector of the Pimpri police station.Vidhate told TOI that Khan was arrested by Vishrantwadi police station for allegedly drugging children and robbing them of their gold ornaments. The police detected 10 cases against him. Khan was transferred to the Pimpri police station for investigations.On Monday morning, Khan suddenly started abusing the police and fellow inmates in the lock up without any provocation. He then hit his head against the bars several times before the cops stopped him and rushed him to the hospital.The police have registered a case of attempt to suicide against Khan under section 309 of the Indian Penal Code.Khan hails from Uttar Pradesh and has a criminal past. He was arrested in July this year for allegedly drugging and robbing eight autorickshaw drivers in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17657830", "title": "Many eminent people neglected in Rajasthan Ratna award ceremony", "text": "JAIPUR: The first Rajasthan Ratna award by the state government was conferred on seven eminent people from different fields here on Monday. However, many others who had a remarkable contribution in the fields of art, culture and literature were neglected. This included many like Ustad Sultan Khan who was conferred Padma Shri but was not even invited to the ceremony.After the seven persons including Pt Vishwa Mohan Bhatt, late Allah Jilai Bai, late Jagjit Singh , late Komal Kothari, late Kanhaiya Lal Sethia, Laxmi Kumari Chudawat and Vijay Dan Detha were conferred with Rajasthan Ratna award on Saturday, many artistes and their families felt 'cheated' with the state government's gesture.In 2011 the famous poet and translator Dr Chandra Prakash Deval and film actor Irrfan Khan were awarded Padma Shri. However, these two were omitted in the list of the first recipients of Rajasthan Ratna awards.The list is endless. The state government did not even think of even inviting people like Sabri brothers, the famous qawaals of 'Der Na Ho Jaye' and the ghazal singer Ahamed Hussain and Mohammed Hussain, kin of vocalist Ustad Sultan Khan, Ustad Faimuddhin Dagar and many others.When asked why the list was so short, Bina Kak, minister of art and culture, disagreed and said, \"At least we have initiated a beginning to recognize people in this field. Those who were conferred are big names in this field. From next year onwards a committee will shortlist the awardees. One can't accommodate all the names as Rajasthan is rich in the field of art, culture and literature. It is going to be an annual affair.\"A dejected Farid Sabri said, \"It was a good initiative to recognize people of art, culture and literature. We can't say if after earning name, fame and glory for the state through our qawaali singing, we deserve an award or not, but as a courtesy the state government should have at least invited us for the event.\"\"Forget our names, there are people like ghazal singers Ahamed Hussain and Mohammed Hussain and the classical vocalists like Faimuddhin Dagar, Wasifuddin Dagar and Ustad Sultan Khan who were not among the list of recipients of awardees,\" he added.The family of an eminent vocalist said, \"As a courtesy they should have invited us for the ceremony as 'spectators' if they are aware of the fact that my uncle was conferred with Padma Shri in 2010.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-18"}
