{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13615336", "title": "Now fabrication, cattle shed in Nagpur Municipal Corporation schools", "text": "NAGPUR: In yet another surprise check, the chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari on Monday has exposed the Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) school buildings being utilized for fabrication works and cattle shed in two places. Taking serious cognizance, Tiwari has directed to issue show cause notices to the officials concerned.Giving details about the inspection, Tiwari said that the time period of 10 days given to the administration was over. \"I along with deputy municipal commissioner Rizwan Siddiqui and education officer Ram Dongarwar went to NMC's Tukaram Lanjewar Vidyalaya at Gaddigodam. Shocking to all, the cow and calf were tied in huge numbers in the premises of the school. The bones were also found scattered in the premises. A slaughter house is located adjacent to the school. The school premises was used for keeping the cattle. Even, my workers found bones in huge number of sacks a couple of days back. Though slaughtering of cattle in the premises could not be proved but the entire premises was unclean. To prevent from such misuse, I directed the officials to develop the premises as a training institute for Veterinary students. Besides, the open ground in the premises would be developed as football and volleyball ground. NMC has also proposed to open night shelter in the same building,\" he said.Tiwari further said, another school building and its premises at Mohan Nagar was being used for fabrication works. \"I directed the officials to give show cause notice to zonal officer of Mangalwari Zone for Gaddigodam case and to headmistress and school inspector of school at Mohan Nagar. Its not my work to do such inspections. The official were asked to inspect all school buildings and given current status. But the information submitted was nothing less than a mockery. Same would be continued followed by action if everything is not corrected by the officials,\" he warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13619930", "title": "Tennis tourney ends on a high for Udayan Bhakar", "text": "LUDHIANA: There was a proud moment for Harvest Tennis Academy of Jassowal village of Ludhiana, as their trainee Udayan Bhakar, 13, won his maiden national title in 6th Ramesh Desai Memorial All India Ranking National Tennis Championship - 2012 recently held in Mumbai. Udayan outsmarted top seed I B Akshay of Tamil Nadu by 6-4, 6-4 in the two-hour final played on Saturday.Udayan returned on Monday evening. Talking about his experience of playing among the top players in Mumbai, he said, ''I defeated five seeded players in the tournament on my way to the finals. The final was intense with both the players holding serves for most of the match, but I dominated the game overall,'' said the budding player, who is very happy with himself for putting up a tough match against an experienced player.With his roots in Rajasthan, Udayan came to city just 18 months back and since then has been practising in the academy under Australian coach Todd Clark. Udayan said, ''The tournament was a great learning experience.\" ''Akshay was under pressure as he was the top seed and I knew that I had nothing to lose so I went out there and played my natural game,\" said Udayan. Coach Clark said, ''I am delighted with the success of my trainee. Udayan has great potential to beat any top seed.\"Ankush Arora, 15, of BRS Nagar had also participated in this tournament lost in the quarterfinals. ''For me the tournament was great exposure. I tried very hard to win the title but unfortunately lost,\" he said.A diehard fan of Roger Federer, Ankush said, ''Before Ramesh Desai National Tournament I played another tournament, Prac Tennis Competition which was also held at Mumbai. At present, I rank 41 on All India Tennis Association ( AITA) and hope to reach rank no. 1 soon.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13624766", "title": "Criminal case filed against 4 ayurveda doctors", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Monday filed a criminal case against four doctors from an ayurveda nursing home in Kothrud on charges ranging from running the nursing home without a licence to causing the death of an expectant mother due to negligence.This is the fifth criminal case filed against a nursing home in the Pune civic limits since the implementation of the Bombay Nursing Home Registration Act 1949.Milind Salunkhe, consultant and lawyer for the PMC, said that the doctors' four-bed nursing home at Pethkar Plaza, Balwantapuram on Paud road in Kothrud did not have the mandatory licence and was found to be negligent in not extending adequate medical care to an expectant mother. The criminal case was registered against the doctors before the judicial magistrate first class.\"All the doctors are ayurveda practitioners. The nursing home they run extended antenatal care to a pregnant woman, who tested positive for hepatitis B in her eighth month of pregnancy. The nursing home shifted her to another hospital where she delivered a stillborn child. She died after her condition worsened,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health (MoH) of the Pune Municipal Corporation.The hospital area, admeasuring 2,500 sq feet, has four beds, separate panchakarma rooms for men and women, a reception room, consulting room, operation theater and labour room, said Kishore Pakhare, assistant medical officer of health (AMoH), who inspected the hospital after the civic body's maternal death review committee found the hospital at fault for mismanagement causing the death of a pregnant woman. A panchanama was done and the medical records of admitted patients were seized.Speaking of the nursing homes against which criminal cases have been registered, Anjali Sabne, in-charge of the Maternal Death Review Committee of PMC said, \"Besides running nursing homes without licences, the nursing homes admitted pregnant women for delivery but could not administer adequate medical care. The women had to be taken to other hospitals where they died.\" The committee had found five nursing homes guilty of negligence and mismanagement that led to the death of pregnant women.The first case in PuneIn Pune, the first criminal case under the Act was registered against a nursing home on December 14, 2011, against a homoeopath doctor couple found running a nursing home in residential premises without a licence. The illegal activity came to light after residents complained about the inconvenience caused by the hospital operating in the building.The chargesThe four doctors have been charged under sections 3, 4, 6, 12 and 14 of the Bombay Nursing Home Act of 1949* Section 3: It is necessary on the part of the doctor running and managing a hospital or a nursing home to have it registered with the local civic body* Section 4: Stipulates the procedure for getting hospitals registered under the act* Section 6: Stipulates punishment for violation of section 3 which is imprisonment for six months or Rs 10,000 fine* Section 12: With respect to violations of other provisions the punishment prescribed is three months imprisonment and Rs 500 fine.* Section 14: Empowers a judicial magistrate first class to try, entertain and decide on the criminal complaint under the act", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13619786", "title": "CBSE Class XII results: Ludhiana's girls lead the way, again", "text": "LUDHIANA: The scores are in, the smiles spread wide and the party has begun. Ludhiana's girls have proven their grey cells matter, topping in three out of the four streams in the CBSE Class XII, 2012, exams.With 96.4%, Arshia Arora and Manpreet Kaur have topped in commerce; Ishannee Goyal has won the first rank in medical stream with 95.6%; and Mehak Ghai has scored the top slot with 97.6% in non medical. The only boy holding his head high among city's toppers is arts student Abdul Shahbaz with 95.4% on his score card.Upbeat about their feat, girls said continuous hard work with perseverance has been their success mantra. ''The secret lies in studying every day and giving studies the best shot,'' said Aarshia Arora, a student of Sacred Heart Convent, Sarabha Nagar. Aarshia added she wants to pursue MBA in finance and plans to work towards it. ''I also want to prepare for IAS while doing my undergrads,'' she said.Abdul, who studied in Kundan Vidya Mandir, is kicked about being the only boy to hold fort in the battle for top slot. ''It feels great to know that I am the only guy topper. I am also happy for city girls, who are excelling in academics,'' said Abdul, who aspires to become an advocate.His school principal Navita Puri said it was expected that girls will achieve better results as they showed more dedication and hard work.''It is a general perception that girls are more serious than boys and this works well in their favour. It is ironic that people still favour male child in a country where girls are proving their mettle time and again,'' she said, adding that she is very happy the only boy among the top five is a student of her school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13618075", "title": "Fake stamps, National Saving Certificates worth Rs 5 crore seized", "text": "PATNA: The Patna police on Monday arrested one Brahmdeo Jha from Gardanibagh locality and recovered fake stamps and National Saving Certificates (NSCs) from his possession.Senior SP (SSP) Amrit Raj said that acting on secret information that Jha was going to deliver fake stamps to someone, a police team led by Phulwarisharif SDPO Rakesh Dubey carried out a raid in Gardanibagh locality and arrested him. Jha revealed that more such stamps were at his rented house at Patel Road in Jai Mahavir Colony under the Bahadurpur police station area in Patna. The SSP said a police team reached there and recovered, among other things, a large number of fake NSCs, court fee stamps, four cellphones, one computer, one colour printer and four lathe machines.The SSP said the value of seized materials was over Rs 5 crore and added that Jha had been running the racket for the past four years, causing huge losses to the state exchequer.When asked whether the police would take action against the vendors to whom Jha supplied fake stamps, Raj said if the involvement of vendors was proved, action would be taken against them. He said that raids were on to arrest other members of the gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13625102", "title": "Paintball is the new craze", "text": "MYSORE: Paintball game is fast catching up among the students of Mysore, so much so that it has become an integral part of college fests and events.The action-packed and adrenaline-pumping paintball game caught the attention of all those who attended the festivals held recently by Sri Jayachamarajendra College of Engineering and the National Institute of Engineering. The bullets (capsules) whizzing past in campuses was a common sight during the days of the festivals.The game, which hitherto was restricted to metros like Bangalore, Delhi and Mumbai, has now made its foray into Mysore as well. Speaking to TOI, event manger Charan Gowda said they got an overwhelming response to the adventure sports from the students. \"It is the game of high intensity --it drains both physically and mentally within no time. The response is encouraging and I plan to make the game a permanent one in Mysore,\" Charan said, adding: \"The game is the blend of strategy and team work -- it helps to build character and good rapport among students.\"Suhas M, a student, said: \"While playing, I felt as if I was on a battlefield. The level of intensity is so high that we drained out both physically and mentally.\" According to another student Krupakar K, such sports act as a stress-buster for students who go through rigorous studies during most part of the year. \"The city, known for its places of tourism interest with airport and palaces, requires adventure sports as a permanent feature,\" he says. For students Mohith N Anusha A, paintball is a fun game. Mohith said: \"It's a tempting and fun game. Once we, play we feel like playing again and again. After playing paintball for a week, we have become like professionals in this. It was mind blowing to play with friends,\" he grins. Anusha thinks the game should not have age barrier, \"because body can be protected by wearing jackets and helmets so there is no fear of injuries that makes us to go all out against the opponent.\" She sums up, saying: \"I thoroughly enjoyed playing paintball.\" How it is playedPaintball game is a high-intensity sport in which players compete in teams or individuals to eliminate the opponents/ opposite team by hitting them with the capsules containing water-soluble dye shot from a device called 'paintball marker'. Paintballs are made of non-toxic, bio-degradable, water-soluble polymer. The game is regularly played at a sporting level, organized competition involving worldwide leagues, tournaments, professional teams and players. Games are played on outdoor or indoor fields. Paintball technology is also used by military forces, law-enforcement, para-military and security organizations. Rules for playing paintball vary from one country to another.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13620815", "title": "KKR paint the town purple", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai hasn't seen anything like this. The city is used to quiet celebrations, treating even momentous wins as something to relish in a peaceful unobtrusive manner. So what happened at the Kolkata Knight Riders' team hotel after their thrilling IPL triumph was not just unprecedented; it was almost shocking.The party had, of course, started at the ground itself; by the time it moved on to the hotel, it had become a sea of purple. Hundreds of fans with the legend 'KKR are the new champions' on their jerseys stormed into the lobby to share the glorious moment. When asked how they managed this jersey-feat, they simply smiled and remarked: \"We knew it boss, we had to win.\"If only SRK was so confident too; he would have enjoyed the game a lot more, instead of being on the edge all through the evening. The cake was in place, the champagne was on its way too and the hotel staff was geared up for a wild night; but nobody had anticipated the pandemonium that would break out once the team arrived.\"KKR. KKR. KKR\" - the chant grew louder and louder as the players and support staff walked in, smiling triumphantly. Everybody wanted to touch them and the electronic media, like always, fought hard for that elusive sound byte. At that point, probably, the hotel staff got to know what they were up against.For once, the players didn't even try to find refuge in their rooms; they just hung around there soaking the adulation . The KKR management arranged for a huge colourful umbrella which was held over skipper Gautam Gambhir's head as he cut the celebratory cake; at the same time, Vijay Dahiya popped open the champagne bottles.The bubbly flew, the players and fans got soaked more than they drank it; but no one was complaining. Brett Lee , who had a torrid time with the ball, seemed to have forgotten all about his struggle and threw two pairs of shoes at the fans. Hundreds fought to get hold of those.The effervescent Juhi Chawla was all smiles, and almost looked like the way she used to do during her QSQT days. \"I am so happy, we are the champions.... this is unbelievable,\" she buzzed. It felt like she had gone back in time and the older men there, surely her fans, too took a trip down memory lane.The last-over hero of the night, Manoj Tiwary , meanwhile , was still reliving his heroics. \"Arrey dada, I have seen enough of bowlers like Bravo. I always had the belief if I get the chance, I would be able to do it,\" Tiwary said, going back to that nerve-wracking last over when KKR needed nine for victory.Was he aiming for that spot around square-leg when Bravo bowled? \"The field was set like that. I knew either it would be a slow bouncer or a yorker. I just waited for the deliveries and connected,\" the Bengal boy said, clearly on top of the world.As the players slowly got into the elevator, the crowd suddenly started growing impatient. Where is SRK? The murmur became a hunt around the lobby; by now, the hotel authorities had arranged for police. The King slowly walked in, around 2.30 am, and the gathering exploded. Shah Rukh is used to all this; he kept his smile intact and waved at everybody before going in, to get ready for the party that was to start an hour later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13636914", "title": "Neela Telefilms rubbishes sex racket rumour!", "text": "Neela Telefilms, producers of Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah, have rubbished rumours that the models and actress caught in the prostitution racket have anything to do with their TV show.Giving an official press release, Neela Tele Films has made it very clear that the struggling actress and models that were caught in the police raid at Patliputra Society in Andheri (Mumbai) were never a part of the show Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah . The struggling actor who was caught by the Mumbai Police was rumoured to have acted in the popular TV serial and thus the statement was issued by the producers.No further details or whereabouts about the actress and models have been furnished so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13620585", "title": "Couple beats up deaf girl for plucking mango", "text": "THANE: A 14-year-old deaf girl was allegedly assaulted by her neighbours when she tried to pluck a mango from a tree at Aangaon village in Bhiwandi.However, when the victim's family went to lodge a complaint against the neighbour, the police instead registered a non-cognizable offence against the victim's mother, Prema Shinde, for assaulting the neighbour.Shinde said that last week her daughter plucked a mango from a tree in their neighbour's house. \"Vanita Kadam and her husband Vishnu Kadam beat her up despite knowing that she was deaf,\" she said.When the victim's family approached the Ganeshpuri police station, they found that the police had lodged a non-congnizable offence against Shinde. She alleged that the police refused to register a complaint against the Kadams. However, when the victim's family protested, the police filed a non-congnizable offence.S M Chaudhary, in-charge of Ganeshpuri police station, said, \"It is our duty to lodge a complaint. We will question both the parties and take action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13621464", "title": "HC orders medical test of all Rohtak shelter home abused", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday ordered a detailed medical examination of all inmates of the infamous Rohtak-based shelter home, which was recently rocked by a sex scandal.The National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) team had rescued over 90 minor girls, between 10 and 15 years, from the home on May 9.Jaswanti Devi, owner of the home, has been charged with immoral trafficking, torture and promoting bonded labour. Initial investigations have also revealed that some girls were allegedly forced into physical relationship with men, and if they protested, beaten and paraded naked.A division bench comprising acting Chief Justice M M Kumar and Justice Alok Singh ordered medical examination of all home inmates who were victims of sexual abuse by a special panel of women doctors at PGI, Chandigarh.The court asked Haryana chief secretary to furnish a medical report on June 1. The DGP and Rohtak superintendent of police will also file their reply in the court that day.The court took cognizance that Rohtak police and PGIMS, Rohtak, a premier hospital, did not conduct medical examination of girls who were sexually abused and that the district administration treated the case casually.The high court issued the order following a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by lawyer and child rights activist Utsav Bains.\"Politicians and law-enforcers are known to support and protect brothel owners, pimps and child-traffickers in exchange of money, and are therefore interested in subverting the law,\" Bains said, demanding a probe by a special investigation team (SIT) comprising members from outside Haryana.Referring to a news item published in TOI in which the main accused had \"threatened to expose government officials who frequented her place as she had proofs as entries in the visitor book,\" Bains submitted that the authorities were trying to cover up the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13620384", "title": "Delhi budget: Lifeline for 10,000 poor HIV patients", "text": "NEW DELHI: The budget has good news for poor HIV/AIDS patients. In a unique initiative, the state government has proposed monthly financial assistance of Rs 1,000 for patients suffering from the disease.While orphaned children infected with HIV/AIDS will get Rs 2,050 per month, other children will get Rs 1,750 per month. The budget has earmarked an initial corpus of Rs 5 crore for the ambitious health scheme. This scheme was among the key highlights of Delhi government's budget for 2012-13 in the health sector, for which Rs 2,124 crore (14.16% of the total outlay) has been allocated.State health minister AK Walia told TOI that more than 300 beneficiaries have already been identified for the issuance of the assistance money. \"There are about 10,000 HIV/ AIDS patients registered with us for anti-retroviral treatment. These patients need extra nutrition and balanced diet to cope with their compromised immune system. The financial aid is aimed at helping such patients,\" said Walia.In a relief for thalassaemia patients, the government will introduce VAT exemption on 'blood bags' (lucocite filters), which will reduce the cost of blood storage and transfusion.Expansion of the ambulance fleet, increasing the number of dialysis machines at hospitals and improving the infrastructure at Delhi State Cancer Institute were among other highlights.However, the budget proposals for the health sector, pertaining to development of health infrastructure, can largely be described as old wine in new bottle.It proposes to increase the number of hospital beds per thousand population in the capital from 2.55 to 3. For this, the government has said new hospitals will be constructed at Burari, Ambedkar Nagar, Hastsal and Sarita Vihar, among other places - most of these projects were mentioned in last year's budget also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13616951", "title": "Hope for those failing a subject", "text": "CHENNAI: Raghavan's (name changed) dreams of pursuing chemical engineering were shattered on Monday when he found that he had failed in the mathematics exam. He could not be consoled, because he had secured high marks in physics and chemistry. He felt he would have to sit at home for a year and then pursue a science course the next year.This year 292 students who have failed in one subject in the boards like Raghavan need not give up on their dream of becoming engineers yet. Anna University conducts counselling for admission to engineering courses on the last day for those passing the compartmental exams conducted in July.\"After the counselling process is over for the other candidates, we call only students who took the CBSE compartmental exam or the instant exam conducted by the state on the last day, called supplementary counselling,\" said Tamil Nadu Engineering Admissions secretary V Rhymend Uthariaraj. These students should have applied to take part in the counselling process, which is expected to end in August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13622111", "title": "Tubewells to beat water woes in city", "text": "KOLKATA: While the city sizzles at 40 degrees celsius, the residents of Behala, Jadavpur and Tollygunge are not even able to indulge in a long-drawn cool shower, thanks to the perennial water crisis in these areas. in the grip of a perennial water crisis that denies residents of these areas the pleasure of a much-needed cold shower in this scorching heat.Despite a state government ban on installation of tubewells to check groundwater depletion, Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) had planned to install tube wells in these three areas as well as Dum Dum and Cossipore where more than 10 lakh people still depend on groundwater.With no pipes in store, KMC's water supply department is in no position to provide residents of these areas immediate relief. With the mercury rising higher than the normal mark, the even as demand for potable water has increased manifold. grows with the intensity of summer.\"We had planned to install small diar tube wells in the affected areas and sent a requisition to the KMC stores department.But the stores department has no stock of such pipes right now. We have to procure pipes which will take us some more time,\" said a KMC water supply department official.The acute water crisis in Jadavpur had forced local MLA and state planning and development minister Manish Gupta to take up the issue with mayor Sovan Chatterjee. The mayor had however made it clear to Gupta that unless the ongoing project for augmentation of Garden Reach water treatment plant was complete, KMC was in no position to supply more potable water to large areas in Jadavpur locality. He offered a temporary solution to mitigate the water crisis.In the meeting, held in the civic headquarters last Wednesday, it was decided that tubewells will be installed in each of the 10 wards in Jadavpur to provide temporary relief to residents of the area. Gupta accepted the temporary relief but stressed on long term solutions such as augmentation of water supply from the Garden Reach water treatment plant that would cater to south Kolkata's drinking water needs. He also emphasized on strengthening the water distribution network that would require construction of several booster pumping stations and laying water main pipes in areas with perennial water shortage like Dum Dum, Cossipore, Behala, Jadavpur and Tollygunge.Gupta demanded more water from the civic body for areas such Kasba, Garfa, Jadavpur, Bijoygarh, Ganguli Bagan, Garia and large parts of Eastern Metropolitan Bypass in the Jadavpur constituency. Though we discussed the problem at length, execution of measures to solve the crisis will take a couple of years,\" Chatterjee had told reporters after the meeting. \"However, as a temporary solution, we have decided to install small diar tubewells in all the 10 Jadavpur wards,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13617382", "title": "UP may give inheritance rights to Muslim women", "text": "LUCKNOW: Muslim women may finally get their due share in family inheritance. The long standing demand of the All India Muslim Personal Law Board for a suitable amendment in the UP Zamindari Abolition and Land Reform Act 1950 to bring it at par with the Shariat is likely to get an official nod soon. After AIMPLB reasserted its stance last month, the state government is considering the option to push through the politically correct agenda in the assembly session which begins on May 28.In a formal request forwarded to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on April 2, Board general secretary Maulana Syed Nizamuddin demanded the right of inheritance to Muslim women, including widows, divorcees and married daughters. The Board drew attention to the fact that in UP this privilege vests only with the unmarried daughters while the rest of the categories have been arbitrarily left out. The chief minister responded favourably. On April 19, he wrote back to the AIMPLB president Maulana Rabe Hasan Nadvi and signaled his assent to the need for a speedy amendment in the law. The issue, said senior AIMPLB member Zafaryab Jilani, figured prominently in the Board's annual meeting at Mumbai from April 20-22. States like Madhya Pradesh , Rajasthan and Bihar do not follow such discriminatory practice, there is no logic why should UP women be deprived of their share, he said.Jilani recalled the half-hearted measures of former chief minister Mayawati in this regard. Maya government, he said, brought an amendment in the sections 171(2) and 174 of the Act in September 2005. But, the right to inherit the agricultural asset was granted only to the unmarried daughters. This, Jilani said, was not what was intended under the personal law which acknowledges property rights of married unmarried, widowed or divorced women. This restrictive approach, he said, had drawn ire of the Board in its annual meeting at Bhatkal and the members called for rescheduling the list of beneficiaries to match the Shariat.Meanwhile, sources claimed that the government is no mood to delay the issue. With eys on the parliamentary elections, the \"goodwill gesture\" could yield to major political advantage to the Samajwadi Party . \"Hopes are already up,\" said Maulana Khalid Rasheed Firangimahali, Imam of Aishbagh Idgah, \"after the positive communication of the chief minister.\"Jamiat wants property rights for womenThe JuH, which runs the largest number of madrassas across the country, has sought inheritance rights for Muslim women by amending laws. JuH leader Mahmood Madani said, \"It's a blot on Muslim society that they are denying our women their rights.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13618015", "title": "Assembly scrambles to celebrate 60th anniversary", "text": "BANGALORE: Caught in political bickering and never-ending infighting, the BJP government in Karnataka seems to forgotten a significant historical event -- the 60th anniversary of the state legislature.The joint sitting of the Parliament on May 14 to mark its 60th anniversary wasn't sufficient reminder that the state too has something to be proud of.Thanks to media reports, the state is finally planning a special event to mark the occasion. \"I met speaker K G Bopaiah three days ago and decided to hold a programme befitting the event. We'll soon announce our plans,'' law and parliamentary affairs minister S Suresh Kumar told TOI. But he denied the government was ignorant of the event.Bopaiah said he cannot organize such a programme on his own. \"I'm just waiting for the government to come up with a proposal,'' he added.Sources said the government is planning to either hold a joint sitting for the day or a special function at Vidhana Soudha. As of now, the government has put officials on the job to identify living members of the first assembly session held in 1952 to organise a felicitation and also to gather lesser-known details about the Karnataka legislature.\"It's unfortunate that the government has no data or statistics of the past,\" rued a former MLA.According to some historians, the erstwhile Mysore state, later renamed as Karnataka, is the first state in India to initiate the formation of legislative institutions associating people's representatives, in the administration of the State. On March 29, 1881 a decision to set up the representative assembly was taken by the Mysore Maharaja Chamarajendra Wadeyar. On August 25, 1881 the Maharaja for the constitution of the assembly issued an order and the first meeting of the assembly was held on October 7, 1881 with 144 members attending it.After Independence, the first assembly under the Constitution met in 1952. It consisted of 99 elected members and one nominated member. Of these, 19 were double member constituencies. After the re-organisation of states in 1956, the first sitting of the assembly of the new state of Karnataka was held on December 19, 1956. The strength of the assembly was then 208, which was increased to 216 and 224 in 1967 and 1978.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "karur", "code": "13618520", "title": "8-year-old girl dies of dengue fever in Karur", "text": "KARUR: An eight-year-old girl who contracted the deadly dengue disease died here on Monday.S Harshini, a third standard students and daughter of Somasundaram, a driver residing in Koyampalli village in Karur was admitted to a private hospital in Karur a few days back after she developed symptoms of dengue. Later, she was shifted to a private hospital in Coimbatore. During the tests, she tested positive to dengue fever . Despite the treatment, she failed to recover and died on Monday.Meanwhile, a 17-year-old boy Jagan from Panchamadevi Arasu Colony in Karur district who was admitted to the Karur government hospital after reporting high fever was also shifted to the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital where he is undergoing treatment.Son of one Subramani, Jagan was admitted to the hospital on Friday last after he reported of high fever, headache and joint pains. The boy had just passed his plus two exams, the results of which were announced last week. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13617961", "title": "Torrid Tuesday ahead, city fuel pumps run dry", "text": "CHENNAI: The fuel shortage in Chennai is expected to last till Wednesday, if not longer, leaving the city with the prospect of a torrid Tuesday.As fuel stations ran out of diesel and petrol as the crisis entered a fifth day on Monday, top state government officials held a meeting with representatives of oil companies. An executive of an oil company said tankers carrying 67,000 kilolitres of diesel would reach Chennai port on Tuesday.However, an oil company official said it will take at least 30 hours for the diesel from the tankers to reach petrol bunks in the city.Some companies on Monday advised employees to work out of home from Tuesday till the problem is resolved. Other commuters are likely to have to depend on public transport.The price of commodities including vegetables shot up by an average of Rs 2/kg on Monday and dealers at the Koyambedu wholesale market said prices would continue to rise till the fuel supply returns to normal.Officials blame supply constraintsOfficials said the shortage of petrol was largely due to supply constraints. \"There is absolutely no problem for petrol,\" said IOCL executive director V K Jayachandran.\"Dealers usually do not order for a full tank of petrol, but a combination of petrol and diesel. One tank full of 12,000 litres of petrol costs around Rs 10 lakh, which many dealers cannot purchase all at once. The rules do not allow us to ply partly-loaded lorries in the city. With the diesel supply to resume, the petrol supply problem will also be solved.\"However, sources in the industry indicated that the petrol shortage could have been artificially created. In certain parts of the city, which consumes around 7,000 kilolitres of diesel every day, black-marketeers were reportedly making a killing by selling petrol and diesel at a steep premium on Monday. Diesel supply has been hit by the knock-on effect of an unprecedented spike in demand and a shortage in supply due to a shutdown of units at Chennai Petroleum Corporation Ltd and Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemical Ltd in April.\"There was a 25.2% growth in demand of for diesel in February, 25.7% in March and 19.5% in April,\" an IOCL official said. \"We expected a growth of 10% to 12% and were caught off-guard by the sudden surge in demand.\" The fuel shortage also led to other vital supplies being hit. \"We did not get drinking water. The company that supplies water said their vehicles were out of diesel,\" said V P Sarala, a homemaker from Thiruvanmiyur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "veena malik is mad about kannada heroes these days. the actress is shooting in bangalore for the remake of the dirty picture", "code": "13640228", "title": "Veena Malik loves Kannada heroes", "text": "Veena Malik is mad about Kannada heroes these days. The actress is shooting in Bangalore for the remake of The Dirty Picture: Silk Sakkath Maga.Shooting in Bangalore, the actor says two things that attract her most are Bangalore and Kannada actors.According to her, Kannada actors are tall, dark and handsome and that's the reason she would love to do more Kannada films. Veena makes her acting debut in Kannada films with The Dirty Picture: Silk Sakkath Maga since the script inspired her a lot.She will play Vidya Balan's role from the Bollywood movie The Dirty Picture in the remake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13622475", "title": "Five-minute Metro services from today", "text": "KOLKATA: Metro Railway will start running services at five-minute intervals from Tuesday. For a start, these services will be available for an hour each in the mornings and evenings. Those who board trains from Mahanayak Uttam Kumar (Tollygunge) need not fret. They will get six dedicated trains at five minute intervals, an official said.\"This will be a great moment for us. This will be the first time in our 28-year history that we will run trains at five-minute intervals. Trains will run from Mahanayak Uttam Kumar to Dum Dum at five-minute intervals from 8.45am to 9.15am. Trains will start running at five-minute intervals from Kavi Subhas from 10.56am. This will continue till 11.56am. The five-minute services will resume in the evening at 6pm and continue till 7pm,\" said Protyush Ghosh, DGMG, Metro Railway.In the reverse direction, trains will start running at five-minute intervals from Dum Dum at 10.02am. This schedule will continue till 11.02am. The evening schedule will be the same as from Kavi Subhas.At present, Metro runs 270 services a day. As there are no plans to increase the number of services for the moment, trains will be less frequent during the afternoon to compensate for the five-minute schedules in the mornings and evenings. Trains will run at seven minute intervals from 12.44 pm to 4 pm. Now, the frequency during this period is six minutes.\"We have checked and found out that there aren't many passengers during this period and people won't be inconvenienced if we run trains at seven-minute intervals. As and when we increase the number of services and depending on the patronage, we shall increase the frequency even during non-peak hours for the convenience of commuters,\" Ghosh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13620282", "title": "Paper correction can\u2019t be done in a mechanical manner\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Monday said answersheets cannot be assessed in a mechanical manner. The court wanted the state government to reply as to what measures it took to ensure that answersheets are assessed in time.A vacation division bench of Justice R Y Ganoo and Justice Nitin Jamdar was hearing a petition filed by the Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad seeking action against teachers and associations, including the Maharashtra Federation of University and College Teachers, that gave a call to boycott assessment work.ABVP's advocate Uday Warunjikar argued that university rules stipulate that papers are assessed within 45 days of the last exam. Pointing out that the strike has delayed the assessment schedule by two months, he said, \"How much work has been done and how much time is required? Results have to be declared within a specified time. Those applying for competitive exams will suffer.''The judges observed that it is up to individual universities to examine the workload of assessment and direct their professors on ways to tackle it. \"Don't presume that universities will not look after the interests of students,'' said Justice Ganoo.Declining to direct examiners to put in extra hours, the judges observed that an examiner would be able to assess answersheets at the most for 5-6 hours a day. It will be injustice to students. It will end in an examiner putting a figure at the end of answersheets,'' said Justice Ganoo.The judges directed the state and Mumbai university to file affidavits on steps being taken for timely evaluation of answersheets. They also directed that a \"competent officer'' remain present in court to answer on behalf of the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13618382", "title": "Mahantesh murder: Probe progress slow, admits police", "text": "BANGALORE: As part of their investigation, police have stopped questioning Mahantesh's colleagues and family members, but progress in the case is slow.Digital mastering of the footage recovered from traffic police CCTVs is still being done. Thus, a clearer version of the footage, which was initially blurred due to rain, is expected anytime. The images might prove critical to investigators.The probe so far has thrown up leads and officers are looking into them. The video forensic evidence and call detail records, which are being scrutinized, are expected to throw more light into the case. \"It's too early to elaborate on the stage of our investigation but we are not clueless. We do not want to hurry up due to the sensational nature of this case. Our aim is to create a strong case,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13620527", "title": "Super kids excel in academics and sports", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Outperforming their counterparts in academics and sports field alike, a host of national sports champions have bagged top slots in the region in the class XII Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) examinations, the results of which were declared on Monday.For Sania Arif, an All-India No 2 snooker champion in the U-21 (juniors) category, scoring 95.3% in non-medical stream and practicing 2-3 hours of billiards each day was a cakewalk! Sharp focus, clear determination and 100% attendance at school did the trick for her.From chess to basketball, snookers, billiards and roller skating, these sports stars have left no field untouched.Niharika Bansal, a national-level basketball player, who has been representing the UT in national championships since class VIII, scored 93% in the commerce stream.Cracking boards while continuing to play basketball facilitated her performance in class, cites Niharika, also a student of Carmel Convent School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13633235", "title": "Thousands of fans turn up to receive KKR players", "text": "KOLKATA: Even as thousands of fans turned up at Kolkata's Eden Gardens and along the parade route to cheer the Kolkata Knight Riders, winners of IPL 5, it was West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee who stole the show.Taking over the victory celebrations, Mamata Banerjee felicitated the KKR players amid thunderous applause at Eden Gardens. She was even seeing controlling the media and the crowd that had gathered at the stadium.Earlier, thousands of frenzied fans on Tuesday turned up to give the triumphant Kolkata Knight Riders players a grand reception for their maiden IPL title win after chief minister Mamata Banerjee felicitated them at her office here.More than 50,000 people lined up on both sides of the road from Hamza at South Kolkata to the Eden Gardens after the victory procession started at 11.10am.Frenzied scenes were seen all along the 5-km stretch as the KKR players celebrated the victory on an open bus top with the fans making desperate attempts to touch them.Thousands of fans gathered at the Jatin Das Park crossing at Hazra, from where the parade began, with people throwing bouquets at the players. But with the team co-owner Shah Rukh Khan during the road show, who landed at the city late on Monday night, missing there was some visible disappointment among the crowd.. SRK and Juhi Chawla joined the celebrations later.It was, however, a celebration reminiscent of India's World Cup victory last year as the entire city went purple with many coming from various parts of the state wearing Knight Riders team colours.The victory lap began from Hazra with two vehicles, one with the triumphant team members and the other had the celebrities dancing and waving to the frenzied crowd gathered on both sides of the street.They had the first stop at Jadu Babur Bazar for a short felicitation en route to the Writer's Building via Akashvani Bhavan, the point from where the crowd were not allowed.Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee felicitated the players at the Writer's as the team made their way for the grand celebration at the Eden Gardens, organised by the state government, Kolkata Municipal Corporation and Cricket Association of Bengal.Meanwhile, people of all ages thronged the Eden since morning to join the grand celebration of IPL victors KKR who bagged their first title in five appearances after beating two-time defending champions Chennai Super Kings in the final.The 67,000-capacity Eden resembled a mini Kolkata with the galleries packed to the hilt well before the team entered their home ground.Big banners of 'We embrace our valiant Knights. KKR 2012 IPL champions,\" welcomed the Knight Riders outside the stadium.The team slogan 'Korbo, Lorbo, Jeetbo' changed its tense as it now became 'Korechi, Lorechi, Jeetechi', something even team co-owner Shah Rukh Khan tried to utter after arriving at the airport late on Monday.'Korechi, Lorechi, Jeetechi' (We have done it) adorned the walls of the stadium with Shah Rukh chartbusters reverberating inside the stadium.The programme at the Eden Gardens began at 10.30am with singers belting out Shah Rukh chartbusters, from 'Dard-e-Disco' to 'Main Hoon Don' as the crowd danced to the numbers, waving KKR flags.The singers also changed the lyrics of the Bollywood star's numbers a bit as 'Chak De! India' became 'Chak De! Kolkata' with the crowd enjoying every bit of it.Despite the hot and humid weather, the crowd waited patiently for the players to enter the stadium.Earlier on Monday night, around one thousand frenzied supporters gathered and danced well past midnight as the players and team owners arrived from Chennai in two batches at the NSC Bose International Airport.Skipper Gautam Gambhir's three Bengali words \"ami Kolkatar chhele\" (I am son of the city) won the hearts of fans gathered to welcome 'home' the Knight Riders who beat two-time defending champions Chennai Super Kings to win their maiden title in five appearances.\"Thank you very much for your support,\" Gambhir added as the crowd danced to the drum beats when the team members arrived around 10.30pm on Monday night.Venky Mysore, the CEO of the Knight Riders, and coach Trevor Bayliss were among those on the crowded makeshift dais just outside the VIP Gate number five.As many as 54 passengers on the Chennai-Calcutta flight were from the KKR contingent, including the families of some of the players and the support staff. The foreign players in the team didn't board the flight.Team owners Shah Rukh Khan, Jay Mehta and Juhi Chawla arrived around 11.45 pm and they were thrilled at the crowd response late into the night.There were also a bevy of Trinamool Congress ministers, party leaders and officials of the Cricket Association of Bengal who were waiting with bouquets and garlands as they jostled for the limelight on the makeshift dias.For many of the fans, however, it was a long wait as they came to know that the players would arrive in two batches with more than three hours delay.But they waited patiently, dancing to the drum beats and waving KKR flags.Slogans like 'Three cheers for KKR, hip hip hurrah', 'KKR, KKR', 'Shah Rukh, Shah Rukh' rent the air as fans dressed in KKR jersey and carrying purple flags gathered at the airport.Many had come with lifesize posters of Shah Rukh Khan and team captain Gautam Gambhir . There were also posters with congratulatory messages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13617190", "title": "Fishing ban goes, but no diesel to set sail", "text": "CHENNAI: The 45-day fishing ban along the state's coast for mechanised trawlers ends on Tuesday. But, just when fish eaters were hoping to have some sea food cheap, the diesel shortage in the city may keep many of the trawlers on the shore on Tuesday.Vigneswaran Balaji, a boat owner, said, \"Many boats will not venture into the sea as there is a severe shortage of diesel and this is bound to hamper business and livelihood of the fishermen.''Around 9,000 boats in the state, including 900 boats in Kasimedu, have remained anchored since last month when the ban came into force. The 2,000 promised to fishermen by the state during the ban period is yet to be handed over. K Bharathi, president of South Indian Fishermen Welfare Association urged the government to give the grant when the ban starts as it would make life easier for the fishermen. Chennai consumes around 5,000 tonnes of fish every day.According to Bharathi, boat owners carry out repairs on their boats and the nets are mended to ensure that the catch is good during fishing in the high seas. More than 700 fishermen from other states have also returned to the city as the ban has come to an end.\"Once diesel is available, fish prices will come down in a week. Sea food lovers can look forward to their favourite variety of fish',' said Bharathi.The prices of fish and other sea food had gone up by 60% to 80% during the ban. The cost of most sought after kingfish or vanjaram touched an all time high of 800 during the ban period.He said the fishermen mostly prefer to go to Krishnapatinam in Andhra Pradesh as the catch there is very good. Others go to Mahabalipuram and Kalpakkam. Workers from Andhra Pradesh who accompany the fishermen on their trips work as labourers and are given 20% of the c. They then sell the fish and make money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13630823", "title": "An arty affair", "text": "KOLKATA: The 26th Lokshilpa O Karukriti Mela, organised by the West Bengal State Akademi of Dance Drama Music and Visual Arts, Rabindra Bharati University at Dwarakanath Mancha was inaugurated by Bratya Basu, minister for higher education, government of West Bengal. The Mela took place from May 8 to May 11 from 8am to 8pm.The chief guest at the inaugural function was eminent artist Shuvaprasanna Bhattacharya. Prof Chinmoy Guha, vice chancellor, Rabindra Bharati University and also the chairman of the Akademi, graced the ocassion.The opening ceremony started off with a song by Nadia Lokshilpi Ravi Biswas. Prof Guha presented a flower bouquet and Khodai Ganesher Murti to Basu and Bhattacharya. They inaugurated the function by lighting a lamp.Various industries survive through connoisseurs of music, aesthetics and culture, said Bhattacharya at the occasion. The Akademi had first held the Lokshilpa O Karukriti Mela at the Jorasanko Thakurbari in 1986 to help revive the development of traditional arts and crafts. Thoughts of Rabindranath Tagore's Swadeshi Melas of the past had been a great inspiration in initiating the Akademi. Nearly 50 artistes, craftsmen and weavers from almost all the districts of West Bengal were present at the mela.A wide range of traditional arts and crafts like patachitras, decorative items made of sola (spongewood), lac, jute, wood, clay (including items made by Poila tribals), terracotta, shabar grass and buffalo horns, dokra metalware, including ornaments, Chhau masks and also masks made with bamboo and wood (by Mech tribals), dhokra handloom items, batik work, baluchari, and kantha stitch sarees, and various types of mats including shitalpatis were on display.All the expenses including visits, food and accommodations of all the craftsmen participating in the Lokshilpa O Karukriti Mela has been borne by the West Bengal State of Akademi of Dance, Drama, Music and Visual Arts. These craftsmen will also be entitled to the proceeds of the sale of their products at the mela.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "sitamarhi", "code": "13618059", "title": "DGP meets villagers, SSB officials at Bairgania", "text": "SITAMARHI: DGP Abhayanand landed here on Monday to take stock of the situation with regard to Saturday's firing by Sashastra Seema Bal (SSB) in which one, Niraj Paswan, lost his life and four persons received bullet injuries. The injured are being treated at Bairgania primary health centre (PHC).The DGP visited Nandwara, Musachak and Begahi villages to get the statements of the two girls in connection with alleged molestation bid. The girls are from Nandwara and Musachak villages of Sitamarhi district. Reports of the alleged molestation bid flared up the situation in the area. The DGP also visited deceased Niraj Paswan's house at Bairgania block township and spoke to SSB officials. He interacted with a few villagers as well.Interacting with mediapersons, the DGP said the firing could have been avoided had people kept their patience and cool. \"Everything took place in haste,\" said the DGP adding a decision would be taken only after a thorough investigation is done on the basis of statements and documents of the people involved. He later met a cross section of people and officials and noted their points.Meanwhile, Bairgania is limping back to normal as shops and other business establishments have begun opening their shops. Tirhut Range IG Gupteshwar Pandey, SSB IG Aditya Mishra, DM in-charge Shiv Dani Singh and SP Vivek Kumar are stationed there to instill faith and confidence among the people.Even as the Bairgania border is open and functioning normally, the Terai region of Nepal is in turmoil for the last three weeks. When asked regarding the shifting of SSB camp from Bazar Samiti, the SSB IG said that the SSB had deposited money to the state exchequer in 2008 for two acres of suitable land for permanent unit office, there has been no response on this count yet.Meanwhile, acting on a tip-off, the Sitamarhi police team headed by Tirhut Range IG Gupteshwar Pandey succeeded in arresting two criminals __ Pankaj Shukla, a resident of Jalalpur village in Vaishali district and Muzaffarpur town native Rajni Ranjan __ from a hotel in Sitamarhi on Sunday night. The IG rushed from Bairgania in the night and arrested them, but a few accomplices fled taking cover of the dark. Police sources quote the two were wanted in many cases in Sitamarhi, Muzaffarpur, East and West Champaran districts. They had been absconding for long.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13615947", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation opposes Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited's infrastructure charge", "text": "NAGPUR: In order to prevent Nagpurians from any additional burden, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to oppose the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited's (MSEDCL) proposal to recover the expenses to be incurred in shifting electric infrastructure, creating obstacles on the city roads, from the consumers within the city limit. The MSEDCL has proposed to recover 29 paise per unit for 12 months.MSEDCL had submitted a petition with the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) requesting to determine the power tariff for 2012-13 fiscal. The commission had admitted the petition on May 17 and invited suggestions and objections from the power consumers on or before July 3 issuing a public notice on Monday. The MERC has also issued the schedule for public hearing at six places between July 11 and 27. The hearing would be held in the city on July 13.In the petition, MSEDCL has requested MERC to permit recovery of 29 paise per unit from only the consumers of the city in the name of \" Infrastructure Charge\", which is a revised proposal. Earlier, the MSEDCL had filed a separate petition with MERC requesting to permit recovery of Rs 130 per month for six months. But the commission denied approval and asked to take up the proposal in the tariff petition. Accordingly, the MSEDCL has mooted the proposal in the tariff petition and on comparing the two proposals, it comes out that MSEDCL has increased the proposed amount in the fresh proposal.A senior NMC official told TOI, NMC had already registered its objection with the MERC opposing the proposal. \"NMC is firm on its stand and will register objection again with the MERC and also in the public hearing to be held in the city. Extra burden, that too only on the citizens from the city, will not be tolerated,\" he said.NMC in its objection said, \"NMC and MSEDCL have to execute the work on IRDP roads according to the high court's directives. The estimated expense is around Rs140 crore. NMC had already invited tenders for works worth Rs 100 crore of which Rs 50 crore work orders were given to the contractors. NMC is bearing the entire expenditure incurred for the work on roads other than IRDP. So recovering the expense from the hapless citizens is just out of question. The MSEDCL (erstwhile MSEB) had not taken any clearance from NMC during erection of electricity lines on the roads,\" said the NMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13623481", "title": "Cops fan out for TP assailants", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The hunt for assailants of RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan reached Mahe on Monday when police raided a few uninhabited houses near Palloor police station. Though the move was based on a tip-off that the accused were hiding in the area, it did not yield the desired result.Palloor is close to Chokli and Thalassery and is considered to be the hub of activities of gang leader Kodi Suni. The police action comes in the wake of information that the assailants, in their effort to avoid being spotted by the locals, have disbanded their team and are moving alone. They have also discarded their mobile phones and are using human couriers to communicate among themselves.Meanwhile, police have succeeded in getting leads from party village in Thalassery, Panur and Koothuparamba. The political fallout after the RMP leader's murder has created chinks in the CPM citadels, which is being used by cops to gather intelligence and attain a breakthrough in the case.The police teams that had gone to Maharashtra and Karnataka have sought the help of the local police to nab the culprits. Prominent among them are T K Rajeesh, from Patiam and P K Kunhanandan, the Panur area committee secretary.Rajeesh has some business links in Maharashtra, where he had stayed for years. Kunhanandan has a few friends and relatives in some of the cities in Karnataka. Arresting the two is important to establish the political links in the murder case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "13621055", "title": "State power firm and MIDC spar over plot", "text": "Malegaon: It took the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) more than 25 years after it acquired aland in Malegaon to develop and allot plots to local industrialists. But the project is likely to be stuck in a row between the MIDC and the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd. (MSEDCL), which wants the land vacant to set up its power supply system.According to the MIDC regional office in Nashik, when the MIDC decided in 2008 to develop the industrial area in Malegaon, it also reserved a suitable plot for power electricity supply and distribution. Consequently, it sent the MSEDCL requests to make payments for the land and begin work start the work so power infrastructure would be available to ture to provide electric connections to the industries would also be ready to be set up on the plot by the time other development works were completed.But MSEDCL, after a period of four years, keeping the MIDC on hold for about four years citing various has stopped now declined making payments towards the proposed plot. reasons and making excuses in various meetings for the delay, the MSEDCL is now straightaway refusing to make the payment of the proposed plot.\"Since Malegaon is a newly developing industrial area, MIDC should give us the land free of cost. We will take care of its development including installing machinery,\" said Prabhakar Shinde, chief engineer, MSEDCL, Nashik. while talking to the TOI.He also said that a letter with this demand had been sent by the MSEDCL corporate office to the MIDC.On the other hand, the MIDC officials say that in every MIDC area, whether newly developed or not otherwise, the electricity department has paid for land. Malegaon should therefore be no exception. Hence it should do the same in Malegaon also.\"MSEDCL is like any other consumer to us. Yet In fact, we are offering them a plot at a price over on a cost which is more than 50% lower lesser than the actual cost,\" regional manager MIDC Nashik, Vijay Khedkar said. while expressing dismay over the electricity department's unrealistic demand.The MIDC-MSEDCL dispute has put industrialists who purchased the plots in a fix. since they had over the land has dazed the industrialists who purchased the MIDC plots in the hope that they would get rid of the problems once they shift their units to the MIDC area.\"At the time of plot allotments, we were promised sops and facilities. But after buying the plots we learnt that while essential services like electricity connections at the site are still a dream, instead newer taxes are levied on us periodically,every now and then\" said Tarique Mehmood, a founder member of Malegaon Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (MIMA). Tarique and 14 other. Some industrialists also paid a huge amount in the name of newly introduced labour cess to the MIDC on May 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "13618628", "title": "Union home ministry, Omar Abdullah lock horns over DGP selection", "text": "SRINAGAR: With DGP Kuldeep Khoda retiring on May 31 after a three-year stint, the Union home ministry has shortlisted names of three senior IPS officers to take his place. While MHA nominees include Arun Choudhary, Ashok Prasad and P M Nair of the Bihar cadre, the state government has strongly pleaded for additional DGP K Rajendra for the coveted post.Chief minister Omar Abdullah has reservations about the Centre choosing an officer from outside the state cadre, a source said. The technical problem said to be blocking Rajendra's appointment - he is a Jammu &amp; Kashmir cadre IPS officer - is that although he has completed 30 years of service, he falls short of five years as ADG. Therefore, the government has decided to put Rajendra in charge until a long-term appointment is made, a government source said.MHA's first choice Arun Choudhary, special DG, CISF, has the advantage of working as special director in Intelligence Bureau and has extensive knowledge of Jammu &amp; Kashmir. Additional director of IB in Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Ashok Prasad, another MHA nominee, belongs to the 1979 batch of IPS, Andhra Pradesh cadre.Meanwhile, PDP leader Mehbooba Mufti walked out of a four-member panel meeting to decide the Jammu &amp; Kashmir chief vigilance commissioner. Mehbooba expressed reservations over the appointment of DGP Khoda for the post, who emerged as the consensus nominee of the Congress and National Conference. She walked out after handing over 18-page dissenting note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13615447", "title": "No change in granting forest clearance, says environment ministry", "text": "NEW DELHI: The environment ministry denied on Monday that it had effected any changes in the way forest clearances were granted in wildlife areas and said they would continue to be routed through the National Board of Wildlife's standing committee.Sources in the environment ministry also said that the group of ministers on coal, headed by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , will meet on Wednesday to discuss the new criteria for inviolate or no-go areas where mining would be prohibited.The environment ministry is likely to suggest that all good forests above a certain fixed crown cover should not be touched and existing Supreme Court rulings about keeping national parks and sanctuaries out of the ambit of mining should also be respected. If the GoM approves the criteria proposed by the environment ministry, the authorities would then be asked to redraw the red lines around the forests on a map and no proposals for mining in those belts would be entertained.The meeting is also likely to consider the case of Mahaan and Chhattrasal coal blocks, which the GoM has been keen to push through even as the no-go areas are redefined and re-demarcated. TOI had earlier reported the pressure within the group of ministers to clear Mahaan as investments had already been ploughed into the linked joint project of Hindalco and Essar.The Chhattrasal coal block was allotted to Reliance Power's Sasan Ultra Mega Power Project and both found mention in the CAG report on coal block allocations. The environment ministry had been asked at the previous meeting of the GoM to send yet another team to reassess the two cases even though they had been rejected earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13620473", "title": "Bansals build family ties over meals", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Too many cooks spoil the broth, but the Bansals are an exception. For them, cooking together during vacations is a means to bond.For the Sector 37-based family, it is not just their daughter Riya who has summer vacations. Instead it is holiday time for the entire family and they make the best use of it by indulging into some of their all-time favourite hobbies with cooking on the top of the list.\"The three of us are fond of cooking and vacations are the time for us to experiment new dishes,\" said Rekha Bansal, who is busy giving cooking tips to her daughter. \"I love to watch my mother cook and this time I told her to teach me how to make round chapattis,\" says Riya.Starting their day by jogging, the Bansal's make their breakfast together, playing games or watching films in the afternoon and also try new things for lunch and dinner.Talking about the importance of spending time together, Riya's father Ajay, a manager with an advertisement agency, said, \"For us vacations have never been about remembering what you did, but about building close family ties. Our parents also did the same thing. Taking a vacation together is an ideal way to strengthen family relationships outside of the daily routine and responsibilities\"Remembering her childhood, Rekha says, \"When we were young, our grandparents used to tell us different stories during bedtime and I think it is our responsibility to pass on these stories to our children as they were not for just mere entertainment, but are a great way to learn about life and relationships\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13624688", "title": "Answer sheets cannot be checked mechanically: Bombay high court", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Monday said answersheets cannot be assessed in a mechanical manner. The court wanted the state government to reply to what measures it had taken to ensure that answersheets are evaluated on time.A vacation division bench of justice R Y Ganoo and justice Nitin Jamdar were hearing a petition filed by the Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) seeking action against teachers and associations, including the Maharashtra Federation of University and College Teachers that had given a call to boycott assessment work. While in Mumbai the strike would delay the assessment of only final year answersheets, the assessments of all years would be affected in the rest of Maharashtra.ABVP's advocate Uday Warunjikar argued that according to a university rule, papers are to be assessed within a maximum of 45 days after exams get over. He said that due to the strike, the entire schedule was delayed by a further two months and the results will now be declared only in August. \"There is no clarity on the assessment of answersheets. How much work has been done till now? Results have to be declared within a specified time. Those who are applying for competitive exams will suffer due to the delay,\" Warunjikar added.The judges observed that it is up to the individual universities in Maharashtra to examine the workload of assessment and to direct their professors on how to tackle it. \"Don't presume that universities will not look after the interests of students,'' said Ganoo. The judges also declined to direct examiners to put in extra hours. They observed that an examiner would be able to assess answersheets at the most for five to six hours in a day.\"It will be impossible for us to direct universities to ask their professors to work for 10 hours a day. It would be unjust to students especially since in such cases, an examiner would just be putting a figure at the end of the answersheets,\" said Ganoo.The judges also observed that assessing answersheets is not a clerical job.\"Besides, students' handwritings differ from one to the other. It is neither arithmetic nor computerised assessing of papers. No matter how diligently an examiner checks answersheets, he will not be able check more than 40 answersheets of 100 marks each,\" said Ganoo. The judge added that he would know having corrected law exam papers.Observing that an earlier order was not complied with, the judges directed the state and Mumbai University to file their affidavits on subsequent steps being taken for evaluation of answersheets. They also directed the presence of a \"competent officer\" to remain present to answer on behalf of the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13632914", "title": "Telcos may get spectrum for 10 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mobile phone companies may to shell out significantly lower amounts for airwaves in the upcoming auctions if the panel of ministers on spectrum sale accepts a proposal to sell this scarce resource for a 10-year period.The Telecom Commission, the highest decision making body of the communications ministry, will present the Empowered Group of Ministers (EGoM) headed by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , the option of halving the airwaves tenure to 10 years.Currently, airwaves sold through auctions, or even those that were issued to companies bundled with their mobile permits are valid for 20 years. A reduced tenure will bring down the reserve price of the airwaves in the sale process.Last month, sector regulator Trai had proposed that mobile phone companies that lost their permits after the Supreme Court cancelled licences awarded in the scandal-tainted 2008 sale, as well as incumbents, pay a minimum of Rs 3,622 for every unit of 2G spectrum in the 1800 MHz band.All operators had slammed the regulator and termed the reserve price as being 'exorbitantly high' while also warning that the steep increase in spectrum costs could lead to a 100% hike in tariffs. \"We have asked Trai to work out the reserve price if the spectrum is given for a 10-year period . Halving the period of possession of airwaves does not imply that the reserve price will be 50% of what Trai had recommended earlier.This is one of the options that will be presented to the EGoM,\" Telecom secretary R Chandrasekhar told ET. The EGoM that will take a final call on all issues related to spectrum auctions is scheduled to have its first meeting on June 5.The Telecom Commission (TC) is also of the view that a 10-year tenure for spectrum will enable mobile phone companies to raise the requisite funds. Chandrasekhar said that selling airwaves for a 10-year period had a slew of advantages and disadvantages for both the government and companies.\"The upside is that telcos have to pay less, but at the same time, a 10-year tenure adds to the uncertainties. If technological advancements allow airwaves to be used for different types of services, the value of spectrum will go up,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13615796", "title": "Resident doctors gherao Government Medical College and Hospital dean", "text": "NAGPUR: Resident doctors from Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) gheraoed the dean of the college Dr Rajaram Powar as medical teachers from the state have decided to boycott all examination duties. The students are afraid that this would affect their future as any delay in their upcoming exams or the results would make them illegible for the various super speciality courses.Maharashtra State Medical Teachers' Association (MSMTA) had declared their decision to shun all exam-related duties last month to highlight several of their long-pending demands. MSMTA had sent notices to this effect to all concerned including the Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS). Officials of the university have assured that alternative arrangements are in place and the students have no reason to worry.Members of Maharashrta Association of Resident Doctors (MARD) said that they support the teachers and their demands but were scared about the effects of a delay in the results. \"Our exams are scheduled to start from June 1 and if the results are not announced by June 30, those of us who wish to take up courses like DM, MCh, or DNB will lose out on the opportunity,\" said the general secretary of MARD from GMCH Dr Ganesh Sanap. \"Exams have been postponed in most colleges from the state. However, for students from our college, the centre of the exam has been decided to be shifted to a private college affiliated with MUHS. This last minute change will create confusion and chaos among the examinees,\" he added.University officials and teachers also say they have the best interest of the students in mind and are acting accordingly. \"We are in touch with the teachers but they do not present a united stance. Some say they would take up the duties others say they won't. In any case, we would ensure that students don't suffer and have alternative arrangements in place,\" said controller of examinations Dr Udaysingh Raorane. He added that MUHS VC Dr Arun Jamkar has personally spoken to various government authorities to sort things out.The teachers also said that they didn't want the students to suffer and so had conveyed their actions to the university authorities in advance. \"Even the students know that our demands are justified and have told us that they support us. Their grouse is against the university and government and not against us. Instead of having an official meeting or discussion with us, the MUHS has been calling up individual teachers to put forward their requests. Though the officials keep telling us the demands are under consideration, all we have got since four years are assurances,\" said Dr Sachin Mulkutkar, state coordinator of MARD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "13621939", "title": "Court drops Gangster charges against Abhay Singh", "text": "FAIZABAD: A Faizabad court on Monday issued release order for mafia-turned-politician Abhay Singh, the Samajwadi Party MLA from Gosaiganj constituency of Faizabad, after the state government dropped the Gangster Act charges framed against him during Mayawati's regime.Abhay Singh was behind the bars under different charges of serious nature of crime including gangster, extortion, kidnapping and murder.A history-sheeter of Maharajganj police station of Faizabad , he was in jail since October 2010 after the case of extortion was lodged against him by a local businessman Vikas Singh, a close aide of Jitendra Singh Bablu the then BSP MLA, in Maharajganj police station. Police later had recommended slapping of the Gangster Act against him, which was confirmed by the then district magistrate MP Agrawal.Talking to TOI, public prosecutor Rajiv kumar Shrivastava said, \"On state government's instruction the prosecution side had submitted a no-objection report also containing no-objection from fistrict magistrate, SSP, to the law department. The Law department on behalf of the state government issued instructions that reached here on Friday, containing direction to withdraw the Gangster case lodged against Abhay Singh.\"Shrivastava said that Singh had already got bail from the different courts in two other cases of Gangster Act registered at Raunahi police station and Kotwali city police stations of the district. Special judge, Gangster Act, Faridul Haq issued release orders of Abhay Singh after police sub-Inspector Sanjay Nagvanshi recorded his no-objection for the dropping of case against Abhay Singh before the court.Sub-inspector Nagvanshi was then posted in Maharajganj police station and he was the person who registered case against Abhay Singh on complaint of Vikas Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "13621556", "title": "Red wave in Shimla as CPM wins mayor's post", "text": "SHIMLA: Singed by Didi in their stronghold in West Bengal, the CPM has found an unlikely place to cool off - Shimla.A year after their loss to the Trinamool Congress , that ended a 34-year-rule in West Bengal, the CPM created history of sorts in Himachal Pradesh by wresting the mayor and deputy mayor's posts in the Shimla municipal corporation (SMC). Election to the civic body was held on Sunday and the results declared on Monday.However, of the 25 seats of the general body of the corporation, 12 seats were bagged by the BJP, followed by Congress with 10. The CPM won three. The mayor and deputy mayor's post are over and above these 25 seats, which gives the CPM five seats. The party had managed just two seats in the last polls.While Sanjay Chauhan won the mayor's election by a margin of 7,868 votes, Tikender Panwar wrested the seat of deputy mayor by a margin of 4,778 votes.The historic Mall Road in Shimla turned into a red wave as hundreds of CPM supporters shouted \"lal salaam\" as they took out a victory march, carrying the winning candidates on their shoulders.\"The party may have lost in West Bengal but the good work we have done there over more than three decades is reflected in our win here,\" said the newly elected mayor, Chauhan.While this was being seen as a historic victory, CPM's student's wing, the Students' Federation of India (SFI) has a strong presence at the Himachal Pradesh University here. SFI has been winning the students' polls over the last few years.At the SMC, mayoral polls were held for the first time since the municipal corporation was created in 1986. The civic body is functioning in Shimla since 1851.This year, the civic polls were seen as a precursor to the assembly polls, slated for December.\"The Congress and BJP both fared badly. This gives out a clear message - if people have a credible alternative, they will not vote for the big two,\" said CPI(M) state general secretary Rakesh Singha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13640423", "title": "Sri Devi, Rani and Kareena to clash in September", "text": "Coming September will be an all heroines month as three beautiful Bollywood actresses will have their films scheduled in the same month.Kareena Kapoor's Heroine will be a solo release. The film is about a successful actress whose career is in a bad phase. Madhhur Bhandarkar's film earlier starred Aishwarya in the title role.English Vinglish is Sridevi's comeback film after 14 years sabbatical. It is produced by R Balki and directed by Gauri Shinde. Sridevi plays a housewife, who enrolls for an English speaking course in order to please her husband and family. English Vinglish releases on September 21. The film is going to be a big attraction for her fans.Apart from that Rani Mukerji's Aiyya releases in the same month. The film is a quirky love story with the backdrop of a West-South cultural clash. Rani Mukherjee is starring opposite Malayalam actor Prithviraj. Aiyaa is co produced and written by Anurag Kashyap and directed by Sachin Kundalkar.Needless to say September will be ruled by three hot actresses. Let's see who strikes gold at the box office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "cast", "code": "13637887", "title": "Endukante Premanta", "text": "Cast: Ram, Tamanna Genre: Romance Director: Karunakaran Music: GV PrakashSynopsis\"Endukante Premanta\" is a breezy romantic entertainer starring energetic star Ram and Tamannah. The film deals with the confusion faced by young people when they fall in love and Ram and Tamannah are paired up for the first time to showcase their romantic quotient.Karunakaran, a specialist in making romantic entertainers, has reportedly treated the subject beautifully. The director has included enough twists and turns in the scripts preventing the audience to predict the story. Known for presenting feel-good films with wafer-thin storyline, Karunakaran has penned a pleasing screenplay for a complete time pass outing it seems. The music given by GV Prakash has already topped the chartbusters and the film is all poised for release on June 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13618558", "title": "South sips tea, North cool with coffee", "text": "BANGALORE: Coffee in the North, tea in the South. In a reversal of preferences, more coffee is being consumed in North India while tea is gradually becoming the preferred drink of the South. And it's by choice, say industry experts.Coffee consumption has gone up by 6% in the past few years while tea consumption has shown a 3% annual growth, with both registering thumping increase in hitherto lean-consumption regions. A recent survey by Coffee Board of India, Bangalore shows that of late, more than 50% growth has come from non-South regions. The count of casual coffee drinkers has increased significantly in the past few years in the non-South regions.\"Growth opportunities lie with occasional drinkers and more so in North, East and West of India, which are potential segments to tap\", said a coffee board official.It's a similar story in tea. Karnataka records a per capita consumption of 822gm and features in the second highest tea consuming states category. These are in the 800-1,000gm category and include Himachal Pradesh and Rajasthan.\"India is the world's largest consumer of tea in terms of volume. The domestic market growth has been very significant with non-southern states definitely showing a substantial growth,\" G Boraiah, director, development, Tea Board of India, Kolkata, told TOI.Reasons for shift\"Tea is high on medicinal value. Cities like Bangalore boast of a huge youth base, with access to literature and online information, and they're perhaps making a conscious decision to switch to tea,\" said Boraiah. Significantly, older people in the South still swear by coffee. South India continues to have the largest number of coffee drinkers.\"Tea contains anti-oxidants which are beneficial to the human body,\" said V G Dhanakumar, director, Indian Institute of Plantation Management (IIPM), Bangalore. An initiative of the Ministry of Commerce and Industry, Government of India, IIPM is co-promoted by the commodity boards viz. Coffee Board, Rubber Board, Tea Board and Spices Board and Plantation Industry Association.The growing popularity of coffee, including in the North-East (known to be the biggest tea consumers) can be attributed to the many international coffee chains. In southern states, with a rise in migrant population, coffee is steadily giving way tea.\"Thanks to visibility, interest and growing popularity, coffee consumption has grown thanks to increasing number of coffee bars and cafes. The primary reason has been a significant shift in demographics, increased urbanization and greater disposable income levels,\" said a coffee board official.Coffee Trends* Consumption has shown an annual average growth of about 6% in past decade -- from 70,000 MT (metric tonnes) to 1,02,000 MT till 2009* Consumption has increased in six years by about 32,000 MT, of which more than 50% growth has come from non-south regions* Consumption has grown in non-south regions at 42% annually (5456 MT to 21,558 MT) while it has grown by 3.5% annually in southern states (64834 MT to 80538 MT)(Source: Coffee Board of India, Bangalore)Tea TaleYear Estimated consumption (at 3.7% growth)2010889.152011922.052012956.162013991.5420141028.2320151066.2720161105.7320171146.64(Consumption in million kg)(Source: Tea Board of India, Kolkata)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "13621501", "title": "Parkash Singh Badal in no hurry to fill Bibi, Tota's berths", "text": "JALANDHAR: Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal seems to be in no hurry to fill the Cabinet berths vacated by his former ministers - Bibi Jagir Kaur and Tota Singh - after they were convicted in different criminal cases. The CM said he would wait for the outcome of the appeals filed by them.\"We will take a decision only after the Punjab and Haryana high court decides on their appeals,\" Badal said here on Sunday, when asked about the vacant Cabinet berths. While Bibi Jagir Kaur was convicted on March 30, Tota Singh was convicted on May 5.Badal evaded a question on whether Bibi Jagir Kaur should give up her SGPC membership on moral grounds as she was convicted in a case pertaining to the death of her daughter. \"If one court has convicted her, she could be acquitted by another court. The decision will be reviewed by a higher court,\" he said.Bibi Jagir Kaur was convicted for forcible abduction, kidnapping and wrongful confinement in connection with the killing of her daughter Harpreet Kaur 12 years ago. She was sentenced to five years' rigorous imprisonment and sent to the Kapurthala Central Jail.Former agriculture minister Tota Singh was convicted and sentenced to one-year imprisonment for misuse of an official vehicle during his tenure as education minister during the 1997-2002 SAD-BJP regime. He has already been granted bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13622417", "title": "Banners make steady business on victory wave", "text": "KOLKATA: It has been a wonderful journey for Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) over the last couple of months. The \"knights\" have finally managed to bring home the coveted IPL trophy that had remained beyond imagination in the last four seasons. KKR loyals have stood by the team in tough times over the last four years and now it seems all emotions will break loose on Tuesday when the KKR entourage will hit the roads to celebrate the success with those who matter most - the supporters.If Kolkata's maiden IPL title win has made fans happy, no doubt, it has made the shopkeepers at Maidan Market happier. For, customers have started flocking to their shops for KKR flags after the team pulled off a thrilling victory over Chennai in the finals.Rizwan Khan, a shopkeeper at Maidan Market, seemed to be enjoying every moment as enquiries for KKR flag have gone up at his shop. \"Demand for flags has gone up as the fans are gearing up to celebrate the victory march on Tuesday,\" he said.Like Rizwan, many other shop keepers in the sports goods market of the city are flooded with queries for flags and it is expected to grow on Tuesday.The shopkeepers in the market have done a brisk business during the IPL season. Md Shirazuddin, a shop owner in Maidan Market, said, \"I am very satisfied with the IPL season sales. Although I keep jerseys of all IPL teams throughout the year, sales pick up during the season.\"In previous IPL seasons, sales used to die down after the final match. But this year with KKR winning the trophy and planning to come out with a victory march, the city fans are still crowding the shops and the shop owners are witnessing a spurt in the sales.The flags are priced between Rs 150 and Rs 400 per piece, depending on the size. \"A 3-feet flag can cost Rs 150 and a 5-6 feet around Rs 400. We also take orders from people and make flags according to the length they order,\" said Pappu, a shopkeeper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13636292", "title": "\"Ondu Rupaayalli Eradu preethi\" audio launched", "text": "The audio launch of Kannada film \" Ondu Rupaayalli Eradu preethi\" was held at Raveolution Studios in Bangalore recently.Music has been directed by Ricky Kej of \" Accident\" movie fame. Honorable minister for small scale industries, Raju Gowda was the chief guest at the event. Besides actress Neethu hosting the show, the entire movie crew - the director of the movie Dayal Padmanabhan, actors Vijay Raghavendra, Sandeep and Ramya Barnaa, singers Avinash chebbi, chaitra were present on the occasion.Interestingly, the singers performed live all the songs from the album for the huge audience. This album will be a first for two people - one singer Charan Raj who has lent his vocals for two songs in the film. Second, lyricist Abhishek S N, who has penned two songs in the movie.Another highlight in the album would be a song composed by the RAVE iBAND. The iBAND just uses apps on smartphones and tablets to compose and play music. The singer also sings through a iphone. Besides, actor Vijay Raghavendra too has sung a number in the movie. Other singers in the album are Vijay Prakash , Devan Ekambaram, Avinash Chebbi, Chaitra and Gurukiran. Of the seven songs in the movie, five of them have been written by filmmakers (directors) in Kannada cinema. They include Shashank, Ram Narayan, Raghav Dwarki, Dr Nagendra Prasad and Dayal himself. Other two songs have been written by Abhishek S N.\"Ondu Rupaayalli Eradu preethi\" is scheduled to release in JULY. The film stars Vijay Raghavendra, Sandeep, Ramya barnaa, Raju Thalikote and Sihi Kahi Chandru in main roles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13613873", "title": "Delhi budget: Eye on polls, sops doled out", "text": "NEW DELHI: With an eye on the assembly elections due next year, the government has kept the thrust of this year's budget on social security and welfare schemes. Allocation under these heads has increased 34% over last year, taking their share in the overall plan outlay to 65%.Provision of Rs 1,737 crore has been proposed for implementation of ongoing projects and new schemes introduced this year. Of this, Rs 714 crore is strictly for welfare schemes for SCs, STs, OBCs and the minorities.A new Rs 150 crore scheme called 'Dilli Annashree' has been launched to provide a food subsidy of Rs 600 per month to the seniormost female members of households. This money will be transferred directly into their bank accounts. However, the scheme won't cover households holding BPL cards or having access to food supply under the Annapurna or Antodaya Yojna.Also, to meet the increasing need for trained professionals whose skills match the needs of available jobs, establishment of a 'new educational hub' has been proposed at Bakkarwala in west Delhi. This is aimed at upgrading the skills of 60,000 unemployed youths from the vulnerable sections under Swarn Jayanti Shahri Rozgar Yojna. The hub will provide facilities for various professional courses like nursing, physiotherapy and radiology.Another new plan with a budget of Rs 50 crore has been introduced to create employment opportunities for schedule castes, minorities and OBCs. The scheme called 'Dilli Swarozgar Yojna' will offer loans of up to Rs five lakh to entrepreneurs from this section willing to set up a venture in Delhi. Further, to improve the education, health and employment potential of minorities, the budget has proposed creation of 150 anganwadi centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13621101", "title": "Sankatha Ghat shows signs of crumbling", "text": "VARANASI: With a wide open cemented drain along the steps of embankment, one may come across discharge of dirty water directly into Ganga, when one visits Sankatha Ghat located between Manikarnika and Panch Ganga Ghat in the city. The ghat, formerly known as Yameshvara Ghat, named after Sankatha Devi, a self-manifested goddess, also boasts of a temple dedicated to the deity, it remains neglected to the extent that people shy from gathering at the ghat except on Yama Dvitiya, when sacred bath is performed to mark the auspicious occasion in the month of Kartik.When TOI visited the ghat on Monday, the entire embankments were found to be covered with mud and silt and the pucca stairs on the embankments were hardly visible. In addition, heap of garbage including remains of rotten flowers, garlands, earthen bowls, cups and plastic bags were found to be scattered along the embankments. If it was not enough, the stone slabs of the platform were uprooted to create dangerous holes and craters, which were easily noticed while walking along the ghat.The ghat has remained neglected over the years and now it has started to witness signs of wear and tear of the crumbling structures. \"The embankments remain laden with silt and mud (mainly brought by receding Ganga), we also move away from the ghat to load and unload visitors, including devotees from other parts of the country. But, the pathetic condition of the ghat hurts us the most and we have seen the stone slabs of the platform caving with our eyes,\" said Ramesh Majhi, a boatman, who lives near the ghat.It may be mentioned here that apart from a temple dedicated to Sankatha Devi, the temples of Yameshvara and Harischandresvara, of which latter is to be the old cremation area are also enshrined at the ghat. A number of devotees turn up at the ghat for a holy dip in Ganga on Yama Dvitiya. It is believed that the sacred bath of brother-sister duo on the day relieves them from worries and problems. However, the ghat with such religious significance remains neglected and the sacred bath (once a year) turns out to be a customary tradition in the area. Even more hurting is to see the stairs and platforms crumbling at the ghat which need immediate attention, added Vinod Mishra, a priest of Sankatha Devi temple.The condition of cemented railings and pucca stairs on the upper side is also a matter of concern. A thin crater was already formed on the stairs while the crevices had also appeared along the foundation of the platform. In a corner of pucca stairs leading to the Sankatha Devi temple, signs of betel spitting and accumulation of waste gave a filthy look to the ghat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "bhopal/indore", "code": "13613488", "title": "CLAT results: Bhopal girls, Jaora boy excel", "text": "BHOPAL/INDORE: \"Do not panic, have faith in your abilities,\" was the mantra that helped three girls from Bhopal achieve good ranks in the Common Law Admission Test (CLAT). Aishwarya Gaur, Radhika Yadav and Prachi Singh achieved All India 15th, 17th and 37th rank respectively in the CLAT, the result for which were announced on Monday. Aradhya of Jaora made the state proud by securing All India rank 9 in the test.When contacted, Bhopal's first ranker, Aishwarya Gaur, said she was expecting this. \"It was my two years' dedication that paid me rich dividends,\" Aishwarya said. It was second attempt for Aishwarya. \"I could not focus in the first attempt owing to Class XII preparation. However, I gave full time this year to make it among top 20,\" said Aishwarya, a student of Carmel Convent. She had 80% in Class XII. For Radhika of Bhopal, it was a double delight. She secured All India 17th rank in CLAT and All India 7th in National Law University, Delhi Entrance examination.\"I did not think much of the result. The objective was to give my best in the test. Thankfully, I could make it to top 20,\" she said.Radhika's focus on studies could be gauged from the fact that she achieved 93% in the CBSE Class XII. Commenting on his daughter's performance, IG Bhopal, Vijay Yadav said, \"Radhika has made me and my family proud. She proved her mettle in two all India entrance exams and the CBSE Class XII.\"Prachi Singh of Bhopal, who secured all India 37th rank all along was steadfast in her belief that honest efforts always paid good results. \"After a disappointing performance in the first attempt, it was a challenge for me to make it in the CLAT. I am happy that I could make it to top 50 list of such a prestigious exam,\" Prachi said. Preparing in second attempt was a little tough for her. \"I was not afraid, but there was a bit of pressure somewhere in the mind when I started preparing for the second time. However, the support of my family made it possible for me to make it this year,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13619969", "title": "Rs 3-crore Khar station revamp fails to take off", "text": "MUMBAI: The nearly Rs 3 crore-Khar station beautification plan is a classic example of one of the civic body's ill-planned projects. Months after the work began last year, the Western Railway (WR) has stalled the project as the civic body had failed to get the no-objection certificate (NOC). The bhoomi poojan of the project was done by Shiv Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray just ahead of the civic election when the ruling saffron alliance had gone on an inauguration spree.The beautification project involves constructing a plaza outside the station where hawkers can function in an orderly manner. This would reduce the chaos-a common sight-outside the station. The project also involves constructing a bus and rickshaw stand, improving the Kabutarkhana and a platform for vegetable and fruit vendors.The proposal was passed in March 2011. But since the work couldn't begin due to the monsoon, it was finally pushed to October. Then it was stopped by the WR as the BMC had not obtained the NOC. TOI has learnt that the project's tender was passed in 15-20 days. \"There was pressure from contractors,\" said an official from the consultant's office.Senior BJP leader Ashish Shelar told TOI, \"The railways is at fault for stalling the project. They had not responded to the repeated pleas made by the ex-civic chief's office. We had to take the NOC from the railways as some part of the project falls on the railway land. I have given the railways a three-month ultimatum or else I will sit on a dharna outside the station.\"The civic engineering department has passed the buck on the P K Das Consultants. \"It is the responsibility of the consultant to get the approval. The work cannot progress as we have got no response from the railways. Also, now no work can be done as the monsoons are going to begin. It can only start from October,\" said city engineer official.\"We were only supposed to be facilitators for the project-giving the design. But we agreed to get approvals. We were coordinating with the WR but they haven't cooperated. They changed the design several times,\" said Rajesh Chauhan, project engineer, P K Das Consultants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13620752", "title": "Two killed in road mishap", "text": "VARANASI: Two persons, including a boy, were killed while two others suffered serious injuries when a motorcycle hit a roadside tree near Karahiya turning under Gahmar police station in Ghazipur district on Monday.According to reports, Kamlesh Singh (19), a native of Naksar Avati village, was heading towards his village from Gahmar on his motorcycle with Golu (10), Neha (12) and Shyam Narain Kushwaha (38).While passing through Karahiya turning Kamlesh lost control and the motorcycle hit a roadside tree.All the four suffered serious injuries. The local residents and passerby rushed them to a local hospital where Kamlesh and Golu succumbed to injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13614451", "title": "Ceiling fan symbol for YSR Congress", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Election Commission (EC) on Monday directed district collectors and police superintendents in the 12 election-bound districts to ensure that it was a level-playing field for all political parties as they went about campaigning for the June 12 bypolls. Law and order officials were asked to desist from taking political leaders into preventive detention.The directive comes in the wake of a petition filed with the chief election commissioner by YSR Congress honorary president Y Vijayamma alleging that its party's contestants, cadre and supporters were being prevented from carrying out election campaigning by law enforcement officials. Chief state electoral officer Bhanwar Lal said that EC would study the issues raised by her.In a big boost for Jagan's party, the EC allotted the 'ceiling fan' symbol to YSR Congress candidates based on its assurance that preference would be given to erstwhile candidates to opt for an election symbol of their choice. The move comes as a big relief for candidates fighting on YSR Congress ticket as all 19 candidates would now have a common symbol.Meanwhile, 255 candidates remained in the fray after Monday, the last date for withdrawal of nominations. Twenty-five contestants withdrew from the race leaving 242 candidates in the ring for the 18 Assembly seats and 13 candidates for the lone Lok Sabha seat.Lal said that police have continued to recover huge amounts of cash and liquor in these election-bound districts. As of Monday, Rs 24 crore has been seized, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13621780", "title": "CBI may give clean chit to suspected shooter", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Central Bureau of Investigation may give clean chit to shooter Vijay Dubey, who was arrested by the Lucknow police in the murder case of CMO, family welfare Dr Vinod Kumar Arya.According to sources, the CBI is likely to file chargesheet against shooter Anand Prakash Tiwari, Vinod Sharma and contractor RK Verma, accused of their involvement in Dr Arya's successor Dr BP Singh's murder case. \"However, the CBI investigation into both the murders would continue to crack the larger conspiracy behind the two murders,\" sources said.With regards to Vijay Dubey, sources said that the CBI is almost convinced that he was not involved in the murder of Dr Arya and hence might give him clean chit. Dr Arya was sprayed with bullets, while he was on a morning walk near his house in Sector 14, Vikasnagar on October 27, 2010. Barely two months after the murder, on December 12, special operation group of Lucknow police had nabbed Vijay Dubey and Ajay Misra claiming them to be the shooters involved in the murder of Dr Arya.As per the police theory, the two shooters had claimed that the murder was planned by mafia don-turned SP MLA Abhay Singh. However, TOI had raised questions on the police claim, especially on naming Abhay as the main accused.The court had given bail to Abhay on the grounds that the statements of two shooters did not prove his involvement in Dr Arya's murder. Abhay though is still lodged in jail in connection with other cases. Later on, he was given clean chit in the absence of any evidence.The case was then handed over to CBI on the directive of high court. After investigating the case for around 10 months, the CBI has not found involvement of Vijay Dubey in the murder of Dr Arya and is likely to give clean chit to him. Similarly, the CBI is likely to file chargesheet against shooters Anand Prakash Tiwari, Vinod Sharma and contractor RK Verma, claimed to be involved in Dr BP Singh's murder. The three were arrested by STF of UP police on June 17, 2011.As per the STF claims, Anand and Vinod were the shooters, while RK Verma, a friend of deputy CMO Dr Yogendra Singh Sachan had hired them at the behest of the deputy CMO. Dr Sachan was later found dead in an unused toilet on the first floor of jail hospital on June 22, barely five days after the arrest of the trio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13613896", "title": "Govt schools improve record in MP board exams", "text": "BHOPAL: The Class XII students of government schools in the state have performed better with a pass percentage of 69.7 as compared to non-government schools with 68.69% this year in the examinations conducted by MP board of secondary education. Addressing media persons, chairman of the board M K Rai said, \"Smaller towns have again faired better because there are lesser distractions there. Also because bigger cities have others boards like CBSE.\" He added that a total of 1465 cheating cases have been registered during the evaluation process. Out of this, 465 have been cases of mass copying. Results of 623 students have been withheld.A total of 4,62,066 students' results were declared on Monday with 1,50,323 students securing the first division in the state. Supplementary exams would be held on July 9 for which forms would be submitted from June 6 to 20 through MP Online.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13620823", "title": "Petitioner challenges special powers to chief parliamentary secretaries", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab government's notification making Chief Parliamentary Secretaries (CPSs) as intermediary channel between the administrative secretaries and the concerned ministers has now come under the lens of the Punjab and Haryana high court, which on Monday put the state government on notice.Division bench comprising Acting Chief Justice M M Kumar and Justice Alok Singh issued notices to the state as well as all 21 CPSs after hearing a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by advocate H C Arora.The petitioner has sought directions to quash the provision of Rule 6 of the notification issued on May 4, 2006, under the orders of the governor of Punjab, directing that the CPSs shall function as intermediary channel between the administrative secretaries and the concerned ministers.The petitioner argued that by permitting the files to be routed through CPSs, the chief minister/deputy chief minister/ministers in Punjab are violating the oath of secrecy administered to them.\"The provisions of Rule 6 of Punjab Parliamentary Secretaries and Chief Parliamentary Secretaries (Terms and Conditions of Appointment) Rules, 2006, were violative of the Constitution of India and are liable to be quashed, since under the oath of secrecy, the ministers cannot permit any matter coming for their consideration to be revealed to anybody else, either directly or indirectly,\" the petitioner submitted.The petitioner also sought quashing of the circular dated May 9, 2012, issued by the rural development and panchayat department, Punjab, empowering CPSs to disburse discretionary grants to the extent of Rs 1.50 crore each during the financial year 2012-2013.The petitioner argued that such power to disburse discretionary grants can only be made available to the ministers, while the CPSs have been taken out of the definition of \"minister\" vide another notification dated March 9, 2006, issued by secretary of the Vidhan Sabha in Punjab. The case would come up for hearing on July 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13620423", "title": "They learn, playing with numbers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After monotonous school classes, summer vacations are a much awaited break for 13-year-old Abhinav. But he thoroughly enjoys learning in \"masti ki pathshalas\" where learning is through fun activities. Such classes are being offered across the Tricity in these vacations.The trainers feel that in today's highly competitive environment, knowledge is being increasingly recognized as a means to progress, power and prestige. Hence, to stay ahead it is important to go beyond academics.Some of these classes include playing with numbers and logistics, quizzing, general knowledge, and mathematics. Here, children get to play word games, brain teasers, sequencing and predicting stories, problem solving situations, memory challenges, all to sharpen the brain. Besides, there are also workshops for improving concentration, learning and recalling abilities through activities like Lazy-8, Belly Breathing, Cross Crawl, Foot Flex and Gravity Glider while in other workshops children can play number games with dice, cubes, pebbles, strings, variety of shapes and hop scotch.Shiraz Saini, organizer of a workshop in Chandigarh, says, \"This is a unique workshop wherein you can join the mental gymnasium and experience cognitive development process through observation, creative thinking and brain building activities.\"In another workshop organized by Sunita Easwar, the children will have interactive sessions providing deep insight into various aspects of the world. \"Topics ranging from the ancient to the modern, science to history, economics to philosophy, Fine arts to sports , political science to religion etc will be discussed so that the children are more confident to face the challenges of the modern world,\" said Easwar.Parents have their own reasons for opting for these workshops.Bhavjot Kaur, mother of a 10-year-old, said, \"I wanted my son to take up some fun activity, so we have been looking for workshops with brain ticking exercises for him.\" Karishma Sinha, mother of a nine-year old daughter, said, \"I send my child for dance and theatre workshop and also mathematics workshop. All three are her favourite subjects.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13614776", "title": "Vijayamma to take over campaign", "text": "HYDERABAD: YSR widow and Pulivendula MLA Vijayamma is to take over the bypoll campaign of the YSR Congress as her son Jaganmohan Reddy was remanded in 14-day judicial custody in the assets on Monday.After a dharna outside her Lotus Pond residence, Vijayamma said she would carry forward the election campaign in all the constituencies that are going to bypolls on June 12 from Wednesday.On Tuesday, she will visit Idupulapaya in Kadapa district and pay tributes to her late husband.According to party sources, Vijayamma will launch her campaign from Narasannapeta on May 30.The same evening, she will address an election meeting in Payakaraopet. On May 31, she will campaign in Ramachandrapuram followed by Narsapuram ( July 1), Polavaram ( July 2), and Prathipadu (July 3).Meanwhile, alternative arrangements are being made to run the YSR Congress on a day-to-day basis.Though for all practical purposes, Vijayamma is the working president of the party, a high-level team is being constituted to guide her in the absence of Jagan.According to sources, former ministers Konathala Ramakrishna, Balineni Srinivasa Reddy and newly-joined former MP M V Mysura Reddy are expected to be inducted into the high-level team.The party, it is learnt, is looking formulate a programme for the panchayat and municipal election along with general elections whenever they are held. \"Jagan has identified candidates for 200 Assembly constituencies. These candidates will intensify their work even though Jagan is not around,\" said party spokesperson K Sridhar Reddy.Meanwhile, Vijayamma on Monday sent an SOS to Chief Election Commissioner SY Quraishi requesting him to direct the CBI to immediately release Jagan in the larger interest of democracy and for holding free and fair elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13615936", "title": "Teen murder: Cops to look for weapon in Sanjay Gandhi National Park", "text": "MUMBAI: Investigators probing the killing of a Borivli teenager will comb the Sanjay Gandhi National Park to look for the weapon-a stone -used in the murder.Sanjesh Borle's mutilated body was found in the national park in October 2011.On Saturday, the Kasturba Marg police arrested Borle's classmate, Chetan Khankar, in the case. Borle had threatened to upload a video on a social networking site, which showed Khankar doing sit-ups after being punished by their teacher.\"We will make inquiries and record the statements of those who studied with Khankar and Borle, both 19 years old. Their teacher has already been quizzed,\" investigating officer Nishikant Sawant said.Borle was pursuing a course in mobile repairing at Kohinoor Technical Institute where Khankar also studied. On September 20 last year, Khankar followed Borle into the national park where the latter was taking a stroll. Following an argument, Khankar bludgeoned Borle to death with a stone.\"We suspect Khankar hid the blood-covered stone in the forest after committing the crime. We will take him along to look for the stone as it is an important piece of evidence,\" Sawant said.Khankar told investigators that he slapped Borle before hitting him on the shoulder; the latter collapsed only after the third blow to his head. Khankar then took Borle's cellphone, deleted the video clip and destroyed the memory card. He then switched off the handset.The phone was switched on only five days ago, alerting investigators, who had been tracking it.Khankar told the police that he had sparred with Borle earlier as well. He added that Borle had once slapped him in the presence of their friends and used to call him names. Borle's family clai med that the police had not informed them about Khankar's arrest and they learnt of it only through the media.\"We always believed something was fishy about my brother's death. When we were handed over his remains, the police did not even allow us to look at them properly,\" said Preeti, Borle's sister. The Borles also said the Kasturba Marg police summoned them late on Monday to talk about the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "amman", "code": "13623307", "title": "After Houla, Syria forces on rampage in Hama; 41 dead", "text": "AMMAN: Syrian activists said on Monday President Bashar al-Assad's forces had killed at least 41 people, including eight children, in an artillery assault on the city of Hama over the past 24 hours.The report, which could not be independently verified, comes after the UN Security Council condemned the massacre of at least 108 civilians, many of them children, in the Syrian town of Houla on Friday . Images from Houla of the bloodied bodies of children triggered shock and outrage around the world and underlined the failure of a six-weekold ceasefire plan aimed at stopping the violence.Opposition sources said Syrian tanks and armoured vehicles opened fire on several neighbourhoods of Hama on Sunday after attacks by rebel Free Syrian Army fighters on roadblocks and other positions manned by Assad's forces. The Hama Revolution Leadership Council said in a statement: \"Tank shelling brought down several buildings . Their inhabitants were pulled out from the rubble.\" It said five women were among the dead.Western and Arab states opposed to Assad blamed the Syrian government for the killings in Houla. Damascus said it was the work of \"armed terrorist groups\" .Russia and China, which have vetoed two Security Council resolutions calling for tougher action against Syria , condemned the massacre but stopped short of blaming Assad's forces. Both sides in the Syria conflict \"had a hand\" in the deaths of civilians in Houla, Russia's foreign minister said on Monday, calling for a full investigation. \"China feels deeply shocked by the large number of civilian casualties in Houla, and condemns in the strongest terms the cruel killings of ordinary citizens, especially women and children,\" Chinese foreign ministry spokesman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13615261", "title": "27 wedding guests killed in freak e-way mishap", "text": "MUMBAI: Twenty-seven members of a wedding party were killed and at least 29 injured early Monday in the worst-ever accident on the 11-year-old Mumbai-Pune Expressway.The wedding guests were travelling from Ghatkopar to Yerwada in Pune district when, around midnight, one of the minibuses in their cavalcade developed a flat tyre near Khalapur toll plaza, about 42km from Panvel. The vehicle stopped on the service lane and was joined by another minibus and an SUV. Many guests stepped out and waited between the buses and around them while the snag was fixed.Around 1am, police said, a speeding truck came and rammed from behind the minibus parked in the rear. Such was the impact that the bus rolled and crashed into the minibus parked in front. All those standing between the two vehicles were crushed. The minibus in front rolled too and mowed down some people waiting before it and to the left. Among the fatalities were 15 women , five men and seven children. In all, 17 people died on the spot.Many wedding guests were rushed to hospitals in Panvel and Pune, but some died on the way.Inspector I S Patil of Khalapur police station said the driver of the truck, Somnath Fadtade (25), has been arrested. \"Fadtade was recklessly driving at high speed and lost control of the vehicle. He was not drunk,\" Patil explained. The driver has been booked for culpable homicide not amounting to murder.The Monday tragedy left the families of the newlyweds disconsolate. \"It is like being hit by a thunderbolt. Just hours ago, there was music, dance and joyous atmosphere. Suddenly, life has taken a U-turn and we are in mourning,\" said Sopan Kokate, the grandfather of the bride, Manisha Gaikwad.Recurring accidents on the Mumbai-Pune Expressway have been a cause for worry for long. According to the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC), which maintains the 92-km route, the Expressway has witnessed more than 1,800 accidents since it was opened 11 years ago. In these mishaps, 518 people lost their lives and another 1,034 people were injured. Many of these fatalities were blamed on the non-availability of emergency medical facilities during the crucial first hour, known as the golden hour, from the time of the mishap. The same delay was cited as a contributory cause of some of the deaths on Monday.Family members said the wedding party was travelling from Ghatkopar, where the nuptials took place, to Pune in six vehicles, three of which had stopped near Khalapur toll plaza. The first to halt was a minibus (MH12 FZ 8378), which developed a flat tyre, and was shifted to the service road with the help of personnel of Indian Road Builders and the police. It was followed to the side of the road by another minibus (MH12 HB 325) and then by an SUV carrying the newlyweds, Sanjay Bahule and Manisha. The two buses together were carrying 55 passengers, including 14 children.\"The occupants got off the bus and were enjoying snacks when a speeding truck on the third lane lost control, entered the service road and rammed into the minibus parked last,\" an eyewitness told investigating RTO officials. \"The occupants were sitting between the buses and along the crash barriers of the Expressway and got sandwiched because of the collision.\" The newlyweds, however, survived.According to the police, when ambulances and rescue teams reached the spot, bodies were found strewn around in pools of blood; some victims had got crushed between the buses and the crash barriers. Many motorists stopped their vehicles and helped officials in the rescue operation.The injured were taken to Panacea and Ashtavinayak hospitals in Panvel and to Sassoon hospital in Pune. Among them were the three mechanics-Amol More (29), Fayyaz Shaikh (22) and Amir Shaikh (19)-who were repairing the broken-down minibus at the time of the mishap.Truck driver was recklessTruck driver Somnath Fadtade , 25, who rammed his vehicle into a wedding party convoy on the Mumbai-Pune Expressway has been arrested, said inspector I S Patil of Khalapur police station, about 42km from Navi Mumbai's Panvel area.\"Fadtade was driving recklessly at high speed and lost control of the vehicle . He was not drunk,\" Patil said. The driver has been booked for culpable homicide not amounting to murder. The tragedy has left the families of the newlyweds disconsolate.Family members said the wedding party was travelling from Ghatkopar, where the nuptials took place, to Pune in six vehicles. The first from the wedding party convoy to halt was a minibus after it had a flat tyre and was shifted to the service road.\"The occupants got off the bus and were enjoying snacks when a speeding truck on the third lane lost control, entered the service road and rammed into the minibus,\" an eyewitness said. \"The occupants were sitting between the buses and along the crash barriers of the Expressway and got sandwiched because of the collision.\"The newlyweds survived.(With inputs from Nitin Yeshwantrao)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13614304", "title": "Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalayas take a hit, but still lead the pack", "text": "NEW DELHI: While Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalayas continue to lead in pass percentage in CBSE's class XII exams, the institution witnessed its first-ever dip in the past five years. Barring Kendriya Vidyalayas, almost all institutions have seen a marginal decrease in the institution-wise pass percentage. Kendriya Vidyalayas have recorded an increase of 0.71% from the pass percentage of 2011.JNVs, despite the marginal decrease, continue to post the best pass percentage with 95.96%, a 0.91% decrease from 2011. KVs have come second with 94.13%. Overall, the JNVs and the KVs have had the highest pass percentage for the fifth consecutive year.In 2009, KVs had fallen short of their own target of at least 10% students scoring 90%. Its pass percentage also dipped marginally in 2010 to 91.13%. But the next year, its pass percentage improved by 2.25%, and 1,663 of their students scored 90% and above. This year, said KV sources, the number of high scorers crossed the 2,000 mark for the first time. JNVs, which recorded a new high in pass percentage with 96.87% in 2011, could not raise the bar this year. Although the pass percentage had a marginal dip, the number of students scoring 90% and above increased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13615479", "title": "Yet another panel to plug leaks", "text": "MUMBAI: Another committee has been appointed by the University of Mumbai to probe into the suspected paper leaks that apparently took place during various engineering examinations. This comes even as another committee, which is inquiring into the leak of the TYBMS International Finance paper, is still looking for clues.The Board of Examination, which met on Monday to decide the university's course of action, took the decision.The newly appointed committee is headed by management council member Madhu Paranjpe and also comprises academic council members A K Bhattar and Vinayak Dalvi. \"They have been asked to look into each case so that we can know the truth,\" said pro vice-chancellor Naresh Chandra. A police probe is also on into the matter even as a cyber crime team is investigating the complaint filed by the university.Meanwhile, the university has devised a strategy to prevent any further slip-ups. Having no idea of the stage at which the paper leak is taking place, the university's officials have decided to alter its examination process-decisions on which question paper would be used and how it would be sent would be taken just a few hours before the exam. The BoE decided that it would adopt all the means available to select and send question papers. \"We need to harness the power of technology,\" said Chandra. \"So, we will use different modes of sending question papers. And a few top officials will take that decision before every exam.\"That's probably an experiment that the university tried to carry out on Monday.\"Question papers came via various modes and the final instruction on which paper to pick randomly came on phone. There was nothing in writing,\" said a principal.\"If these are indeed paper leaks and it is happening at such frequent intervals, the university must call for an emergency instead of denying the leaks. The university must suspend all ongoing exams and overhaul its machinery before it starts taking exams again,\" said a worried principal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13618485", "title": "Walking down the aisle in a Wendell Rodricks creation", "text": "PANAJI: Actress Lisa Ray has officially announced in Canada that her favourite Indian designer Wendell Rodricks will design her wedding gown when she marries Jason Dehni in Napa Valley California on October 20 this year.The Goan designer dressed the star for her red carpet appearance for the film Water at the Toronto film festival in 2005. It got Ray the Best Dressed Female Star at the festival, alongside Hollywood actor Johnny Depp who was voted as the Best Dressed Male Star. Rodricks designed a Grecian style sari gown in his favourite colour white. Ray dazzled the media with her elegant, backless, georgette and lycra gown, at the Toronto screening along with the entire Water team who were all dressed in white.As soon as the actress confirmed her wedding, she sent a one line email to Rodricks, \"Will you do my dress?\" he told TOI.\"I immediately agreed as Lisa is not just a close friend but has always been faithful to my clothes...each time recommending my name whether it was fashion shows for RADO watches or gowns for red carpet appearances and events,\" confirmed the designer.Lisa Ray is very specific about what she wants and does not want. \"No frills, no bows... a dress I can dance in,\" says the star from Toronto.Ray and Rodricks are currently in discussions to make a dream dress that will bring out the elegance, beauty and happy emotion of the wedding. Both bride and designer do not want to reveal details of the dress until the wedding day.\"I want to dress Lisa in radiance because that's how her sparkling personality is. Top on the agenda for the dress is to ensure that it is comfortable. The rest will follow. I know Lisa's style, body and personality. We share a special friendship that goes back two decades. I am sure she will make a perfect bride on her big day,\" said Rodricks.For a change, all eyes in October will be not on a red carpet but on a very special wedding aisle in California.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13622572", "title": "Akhilesh government withdraws Gangster Act lodged against Abhay Singh", "text": "LUCKNOW: A Faizabad court has issued release order of Samajwadi Party (SP) MLA and mafia-turned-politician Abhay Singh after SP government withdrew the Gangster Act slapped on him during previous Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) government led by Mayawati. The Gangster Act is a special law in Uttar Pradesh which is slapped on those running organized gang involved in serious criminal and anti-social activities.There are over two dozen criminal cases against Singh. They include extortion, kidnapping and murder. He had won assembly election from Gosaiganj constituency on SP ticket by defeating his BSP rival Indra Pratap Tiwari in March earlier this year. Singh was lodged in Faizabad jail since October, 2010 after a case of extortion was lodged against him by local businessman Vikas Singh, a close aide of the then BSP MLA Jitendra Singh Bablu, in Maharajganj police station.However, Abhay Singh contested election from jail and won. And, after coming to power, the SP government decided to withdraw Gangster Act against him. \"The law department on behalf of the state government issued instructions to withdraw the gangster case against Singh. Subsequently, district magistrate, Faizabad, and the senior superintendent of police, Faizabad, issued no-objection certificate, on the basis of which the prosecution submitted a no-objection report in the court,\" said a senior officer.The release orders were issued by the court after police sub-inspector Sanjay Nagvanshi recorded his statement in the court for dropping the case against Singh. Nagvanshi is the officer who had registered case against Singh during his posting in Maharajganj police station. Singh has already got bail from the different courts in two other cases of Gangster Act registered at Raunahi police station and Kotwali city police station, he added.Significantly, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , son of SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav , had promised during campaign that SP, if voted to power, will put all goons and mafia behind bars. He even had blocked entry of west UP don DP Yadav in SP and refused to give him ticket despite recommendation of some senior leaders of the party. His move was then widely publicized by SP to score over rival parties. The party had also used Akhilesh's move on DP Yadav to cover up the fact that SP had fielded more than one fourth candidates, out of total 403, with criminal antecedents.The law and order situation in the state has deteriorated after SP came to power. The seriousness could be gauged from the fact that there have been around 15 incidents in which police was assaulted by the criminals in different parts of the state. A case of murder has been lodged against a minister. In fact, there are 19 ministers in Akhilesh cabinet with criminal records. One of the minister Durga Prasad Yadav had recently created a controversy by saying that 'even God cannot control crime'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13617298", "title": "AC conks off, passengers pull chain", "text": "CHENNAI: Passengers of the Chennai-Thiruvananthapuram Express on Monday got into heated arguments with railway officials and pulled the chain to stop the train at Arakkonam and Jolarpet stations after the airconditioning in two coaches did not work.Passengers of B1 and B2 AC three-tier compartments said the train left Chennai Central at 3.15pm without switching on the AC. Despite passengers bringing the matter to the notice of the travelling ticket examiner, officials ignored their complaint.Passengers said they were forced to pull the chain four times at Arakkonam and Jolarpet after they found it difficult to travel inside the compartments which had no ventilation. The train was held up at these stations for a few minutes, but the AC was not repaired. Passengers got into heated arguments with railway staff. Finally, the train left Jolarpet station after the railway staff disconnected the chains in the two compartments from the circuit.Passengers said it was a hellish experience. \"We felt like being in an oven. There were a lot of senior citizens and children who felt suffocated. Though we pulled the chain at Arakkonam and Jolarpet, no officials turned up. And the ticket examiners on board, who were aware of the issue before departure also kept quiet,\" said Manoj Radhakrishnan, a passenger who was travelling with his aged in-laws.Jayachandran Pillai, another passenger bound for Kollam, said a team of railway staff on board the train disconnected the chain circuits to prevent passengers from pulling the chain. \"There was no water in the toilets. The staff on board the train and also a few from the stations quarrelled with us for bringing up the issue,\" he said. The Chennai Central- Trivandrum Express takes more than 15 hours to reach the destination. AC compartments do not have conventional ventilation. This coupled with high temperature and humidity made the journey extremely difficult for passengers.Southern Railway divisional manager S Anantharaman said the air conditioner was tripping because of high ambient temperature inside the coach. \"The ambient temperature was up to 25 Celsius and the AC tripped because of overload. Engineers attended to the fault at Arakonam and Jolarpet and managed to find a temporary solution. Usually a pre-departure check is done and this is the first time we are getting a complaint that AC is not working in a coach,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13614708", "title": "BJP wins both council seats in Vidarbha", "text": "NAGPUR: The ruling Congress-NCP suffered a major political setback when it lost both the seats in the biennial election to the state legislative council from Vidarbha.In the results announced on Monday, BJP's Mitesh Bhangadiya trounced Congress candidate Rahul Pugalia by 203 votes from Chandrapur-Gadchiroli-Wardha local bodies' seat while in Amravati, BJP's Pravin Pote defeated Congress' Aniruddha Deshmukh by 38 votes.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and MPCC chief Manikrao Thakre had air-dashed to Amravati last week to get the Congress-NCP flock together in both the seats.Thakre and guardian minister Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil were camping in Amravati on Friday when polling was held. But apparently, at least in Chandrapur, even the Congress did not manage to get its own partymen's votes leave that of the NCP, showing internal turmoil within the party and its uneasy ties with the NCP in eastern Vidarbha which was not long ago a Congress stronghold.While in the Chandrapur-Gadchiroli-Wardha seat, 618 elected members of the ZPs, municipal councils had voted, 16 votes were found invalid. Despite the Congress having around 250 votes of its own and the NCP's 87, Pugalia had to be content with 200 votes while Bhangadiya, an irrigation contractor, managed to win 403 way ahead of the BJP-Sena vote tally.Thus, besides independents and smaller parties, some from even the Congress and the NCP camps clearly favoured the BJP candidate. That money power played a major role became evident from the poll outcome. The BJP thus wrested the seat from the Congress. The election was necessitated as Congress' MLC Zainuddin Zhaveri's term expired.In Amravati, the BJP-Sena retained the seat which was occupied by Jagdish Gupta earlier. Gupta was kicked out of the BJP recently after he floated his own outfit in the Amravati municipal corporation. The BJP fielded a city builder and educationist Pravin Pote against Congress' Deshmukh.Rebel Congressman Ajay Navandar was also in the fray. Of the total 396 voters, four had not voted while 11 votes were found to be invalid in the first round of counting. Pote got 144, Deshmukh 132 and Navandar 105. But in the second round, Pote surged ahead with 194 votes and Deshmukh got 156.President Pratibha Patil's son and MLA Raosaheb Shekhawat has been trying to dominate the Congress unit in Amravati. The defeat of the Congress candidate has brought to the fore internal bickering in the Congress and its failure to carry on with the NCP. Pote, an otherwise non-political person who managed to get the BJP ticket, capitalized on the situation.The Congress defeat in Chandrapur-Gadchiroli - Wardha was more shocking as Rahul, son of senior Congress leader Naresh Pugalia, was defeated even as he had in February steered the party's win in the ZP election. The Cong-NCP clearly had the numbers in its favour and should have easily won. But apparently, party lines were blurred and extraneous factors decided the outcome in Bhangadiya's favour.The junior Pugalia had also lost in the last assembly elections. The BJP win is a shot in the arm for state BJP president Sudhir Mungantiwar on his home turf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13614853", "title": "Gangster Sundar Bhati nabbed from Phase-II", "text": "NOIDA: The police on Monday morning arrested history-sheeter and gangster Sundar Bhati from Phase-II in Noida. In a dramatic turn of events, cops were also able to nab two members of his rival gang while they were following the police van carrying Bhati near the Greater Noida city court. Senior police officers said that it seemed that the duo arrested was planning to attack Bhati and their interrogation is on.SSP Praveen Kumar said that police got a tip-off that gangster Sundar Bhati would come in Phase-II area. \"Bhati had threatened to kill a businessman if he was not paid extortion money of Rs 20 lakh. After the businessman Shravan Kumar, a resident of Sector 110, lodged a complaint with us, we decided to nab Bhati,\" Kumar said. \"We came to know that Bhati would come at his relative's home in Nayagaon village in Phase-II. A police team raided the house and arrested the accused,\" Kumar added.Police also revealed that Bhati was also on a mission to recruit new members for his gang. \"He had been visiting the city and nearby areas to hunt for 'new talent' for his gang. He had been able to induct some students in the district, who have grown up listening to his gang war stories. We are currently investigating this and more members of his gang are likely to be arrested soon,\" Kumar said.The gang war between notorious gangsters Sunder Bhati and Amit Kasana has been going on for the last many years. Kasana's uncle, Naresh Bhati, had been allegedly murdered by Sundar's gang in April 2004 at Ghanghola near Greater Noida. When the police team on Monday was heading towards the city court in Greater Noida to produce Sunder before a magistrate, two persons followed the van. \"When we realized this, cops detained the two men who are natives of Rithori village. Naresh Bhati was also a resident of the same village,\" Kumar said.The 42-year-old Sundar Bhati made his foray into crime with a murderous assault on a schoolmate in 1994. Subsequently, he came in contact with other criminals of UP. In May 2001, he attacked Naresh Bhati, a rival gang member with grenades and AK-47 rifles in Kharkhoda village in Meerut. Naresh survived the assault though his driver and gunner were killed. In April 2004, he eventually managed to kill Naresh in Ghanghola and surrendered before the police. He was later bailed out. He is also allegedly involved in a series of robberies in Greater Noida area, having over two dozen criminal cases in police stations of Greater Noida, Noida, Bulandshahr, Ghaziabad and Faridabad.In 2001, Bhati and an associate apparently killed Ravinder Tewatia and also attacked a police team who came to arrest them. In 2005, Sundea Bhati, Ranbir Rathi and some accomplices were allegedly involved in a case of contract killing of a financier and advocate in Faridabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13620881", "title": "Girls outshine boys in CBSE class XII results", "text": "VARANASI: Girls outshined boys as a number of schools in the region witnessed 100 per cent results in CBSE XII examinations, results of which were declared on Monday.In Delhi Public School (DPS), Varanasi, all the 193 students in different streams, passed in the examinations. As many as 188 students passed in first division while 37 scored above 90 per cent marks. Ishan Prakash topped the school in the science stream, scoring 96 per cent while Siddharth Prabhu came second with 95.8 per cent marks. Neha Vaswani topped in the commerce stream with 94.8 per cent marks while Devarshi Banshal came second with 94 per cent marks.High pass percentage were also witnessed in Sunbeam English School, Bhagwanpur, where the figure remained as high as 99.5 per cent. Out of a total of 401 students who appeared in different streams, as many as 382 passed in the first division while 52 secured more than 90 per cent marks. Garima Sharma (biology group) remained topper in the science stream with 96.8 per cent marks while Semanti Mukhopadhyaya with 96.6 per cent marks was the topper in mathematics group. Other school toppers were Sanchit Agrawal with 92.4 per cent marks in commerce stream and Mohammad Anas with 87.6 per cent in arts stream.As many as 96.92 per cent students of Sunbeam School, Lahartara and 90.87 per cent students of Sunbeam School, Varuna passed in first division. Dr Amrit Lal Memorial Sunbeam School and Hostel (DALIMSS), Rohania got 100 per cent pass results. Among the school toppers, Shobit Pandey (94 per cent) topped in the science stream while Isha Todi (92.2 per cent) topped in commerce. A total of 442 students were registered under different streams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13639001", "title": "OMG Music Band releasing soon", "text": "Pips and Nee2 brought up in North of England are the first generation of their family to get involved in the music scene. Both Pips and Nee2 started work for the world famous RDB camp as Dholis and DJs. NS Chauhan however was raised in Punjab and is from a religious family Background. Chauhan's musical talent comes from his father who taught him tabla, baja and kirtan. Chauhan has also released a solo album in 2006 and done many collaborations with some known artists such as RDB.OMG originally joined the RDB camp as percussionists, writers and singers. Overtime OMG worked endless hours on his musical career by learning to play different types of Indian instruments such as the Dhol, Dholki, Keyboards etc. This then lead them to record percussion's, music pieces on home made mixes. From this OMG joined RDBs music production school where Manjeet Ral helped him develop his musical talent and production skills to a high level.OMG always tried to stay behind the scenes and out of the lime light which is a difficult task for such talented individuals. OMG preferred to develop and work with up and coming artists by doing ghost production work and engineering. In 2008 they they were approached by RDB to become their tour team. This was the biggest break through in their career and they knew they couldn't turn down the opportunity to tour with RDB. OMG traveled the world including USA, Asia, Europe, Australia performing at gigs with phenomenal crowds, with Pakistan been the best country they ever performed at.Although they had everything they wanted in terms of a music career, there was always a dream which they wanted to live and that was to put together a boy band. So in 2011 they decided to make this dream a reality. OMG created a new genre of music. The sound which consists of clever use of the percussion's and music pieces is like no other in the industry. Within time they will have a sound known as the OMG sound.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "13623769", "title": "Urs draws to a close", "text": "AJMER: The Urs ended on Monday with the kul ki rasam, following which the dargah was washed with scented water and the jannati darwaza closed. But after three days, the ritual of bade kul ki rasam will be organized and devotees reaching late can participate in it.A mehfil of qawalis was organised. In the noon, the dargah dewan moved out from mahfilkhana to astane and the jannati darwaza, opened on the first moon of the Rajab, was closed. The dewan read Fathah and touched the stone of the tomb and with this the ritual of kul was wrapped up. There were loud chants like, \"Bless the world and the humanity with prosperity and peace.\"The dargah was washed with rose water and Shadeyane (a local instrument) was played to mark the conclusion of the Urs rituals. In the morning, special Fathah was performed. Devotees left the premises and khadims read prayers from the Quran. Teachings were recited loudly, after which qawalis were organized by shahi qawaals. Meanwhile, thousands of zayreen attended the main ritual. According to the district administration, this time more than three lakh devotees participated in the Urs. The main market of dargah, Nala bazaar and the Purani Mandi were crowded as never before and traffic was restricted in the area.The main attraction of the day were qalanders and malangs who came from almost every part of the country. They showed con games and then proceeded to the dargah to attend the last ritual of Urs. These malangs are known as friends of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishty and participate in the Urs every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13618334", "title": "Consumers told to buy their own meters", "text": "MADURAI: After being hit by a severe crunch of electricity meters, the Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Ltd (TANGEDCO) has asked consumers to procure their own meters from private players.TANGEDCO officials said there was a delay in providing new connections due to paucity of meters and at present 1.12 lakh new connections are pending in the region comprising Madurai metro, Madurai district, Dindigul, Theni, Ramanathapuram and Sivagangai districts. A senior official from Tangedco said the scarcity began after wholesale suppliers raised some issues with the corporation and stopped supply altogether.\"After the supply was stopped in December last, the new connections accumulated. Hence, we have decided to allow consumers to procure meters from private players,\" he said. Officials said the issues with suppliers were resolved in the headquarters and they received nine lakh meters recently. The meter scarcity is mainly with single-phase connections, while there is no shortage with three-phase connections and the existing shortage will be resolved in a very short period. However, the TANGEDCO has decided not to make the consumers wait any longer and came out with the plan of allowing them procure the meters, they said.On Monday, a press statement was issued by TANGEDCO, Madurai listing out the names of the private players in the city. Consumers can procure the meters from in Madurai are Geetha Corporation, 41, Thanappa Mudali Street; Sugan Entreprises, 95, West Avani Moolaveedhi; Samikasas Agency, 270, Thilagar Thidal, Tamilsangam Road; Sri Sakthi Agency, 15, West Avani Moolaveedhi and Akshaya Electricals in 85/A-1, First Floor, Tamilsangam Road.The consumers who are awaiting new connections can procure the electricity meters from these private players and hand over it to section officer in their areas. Based on the date of submission of the meter, the new connections will be provided to the consumers, the statement said. K Thangaraj, superintending engineer, Madurai Circle said consumers who have applied for LT connections can hand over the meters to the assistant engineer and the meters will be tested for meter relay after which they will be fixed for the connections. \"The preference will be given based on the date of submission of the meters and it will not take much longer once the meters are handed over in the section office,\" he said. G Murugesan of Akshaya Electricals said that the meters would be available from Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13614932", "title": "Jagan Mohan Reddy in prison: Misses Dinner On Day One", "text": "HYDERABAD: He wasn't on his Odarpu Yatra but Jagan still behaved like he was amongst the public when he entered the Central Prison, Chanchalguda on Monday.Cheerful and still smiling, Jagan folded his hands greeting the huge contingent of policemen and media persons at the jail. In the jail, he continued with the same demeanour, shaking hands with the jail staff and even enquiring about their well being.Jagan had to complete some formalities before he was sent to the block where special category prisoners are lodged. After the prison authorities checked the identification marks on his body and numbered him Qaidi No 6093, Jagan was led away into the what is known as the old hospital block. Prison sources say that Jagan was allotted a special room. Usually special category prisoners have to share a room but an exception was made in the case of Jagan- due to security reasons. The room measures 10 ft by 10 ft but it has an attached toilet. He has been provided with a cot and a mattress, which is as per the jail manual. A television set is also in the room that also has a chair and a table, but only Doordarshan channels can be accessed on it and certainly not Sakshi TV.Jagan missed the jail dinner by just five minutes as he was brought in at 5.35 pm. The lock-up of prisoners starts at 5.30 pm after dinner which on Monday comprised rice, alu and tomato, curd and rasam. On Tuesday morning, he can relish the jail's khichdi for breakfast if he wants to give it a try but for that he will have to wake up early in the morning and get ready by 6.30 am.But being a special category prisoner, Jagan does not really have to stick to any schedule. At a separate kitchen provided exclusively for special category prisoners, Jagan can get his choice of food cooked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13640651", "title": "Woman enters Assembly allegedly posing as MLA", "text": "LUCKNOW: A woman was detained today for entering the Uttar Pradesh Vidhan Sabha allegedly posing as an MLA, police said.Sarita Jaiswal, who claimed herself to be an MLA from Kidwainagar in Kanpur, was detained after a Vidhan Sabha marshal got suspicious and enquired about her identity card, they said.She was handed over to police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13618473", "title": "Andhra HC's verdict may hit plans for Muslim quota in schools", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Andhra Pradesh high court ruling is expected to blunt not just the UPA government's bid to introduce a sub quota for Muslims in government jobs and government schools and colleges, but could also stymie its effort to introduce a sub quota for Muslims in Delhi's private schools under the 25% economically weaker section quota.While experts were unclear whether the proposal to give a sub quota to non-creamy layer Muslims in private schools would now be deemed illegal, they concede that the court verdict does give the option for schools to challenge the move. Consequently, there might be a rethink on the proposal as now the court has put a question mark on policies targeting one or more religious groups.The 'minority quota' became vulnerable to judicial challenge after a protracted election campaign in Uttar Pradesh which saw central ministers vying with each other to portray it as \"Muslim quota\" to woo 18% of state electorate. The controversy climaxed with the Election Commission's censure of minority affairs minister Salman Khurshid and steel minister Beni Prasad Verma.Observers feel the strident campaign tone in the election campaign may have played a role in helping the petitioners portray the 'minority quota' as a communal intervention. It looked a hasty political decision from the start, as the Centre had rushed through the quota notification to beat the electoral code of conduct by just one day. The issue found an echo in the court order which slammed the 'casual manner' in which the policy was drafted.Congress refused comment on the verdict with spokesman Manish Tewari saying, \"You cannot react to court judgments like instant coffee.\" National Commission for Backward Classes member Shakeel-uz-Zaman Ansari called the verdict \"an unfortunate setback to the cause of social justice\".However, the verdict could leave Congress politically vulnerable. While BJP is ideologically opposed to any minority quota, its 'secular' rivals like SP and BSP would relish the prospect of rubbishing the Congress for seeking to hoodwink the minority group. Congress may struggle to rebut the charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13618278", "title": "South Goa politicians claim credit for village panchayat results", "text": "MARGAO: Though not fought on political lines, panchayat bodies are the hotbed of politics. Keen to hold their sway over the panchayat bodies, politicians from South Goa lost no time in claiming that the newly-elected sarpanchas owed their victory to them.Nuvem MLA and supremo of Goa Vikas Party (GVP) Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco, speaking to TOI, said that the sarpanchas from as many as five panchayats in his constituency-Loutolim, Betalbatim, Majorda, Verna, Nuvem, Nagoa-\"belonged\" to him. \"What's important is, except for one panchayat, the sarpanchas were elected unopposed in all other panchayats,\" Pacheco said, expressing his satisfaction over the results. Maria Monteiro, Maria Fernandes, Moses Vaz, Larcena Gama, Rosy Barreto and Treeza F, were elected sarpanchas from Loutolim, Betalbatim, Majorda, Verna, Nuvem and Nagoa respectively.Asked whether the posts of sarpanchas and deputy sarpanchas will be rotated as speculated, Pacheco said that nothing was decided in that regard so far. \"Appropriate decisions will be taken based on how the circumstances unfold. At the moment, I have my men installed as sarpanchas in all the panchayats of my constituency,\" Pacheco said.In Navelim, fisheries minister Avertano Furtado claimed that the sarpanchas from all the panchayats in his constituency, except for Rumdamol-Davorlim, owed allegiance to him. It is learnt that former minister Churchill Alemao has managed to retain his sway over the Rumdamol- Davorlim panchayat.While addressing mediapersons in Navelim, the elected heads of the four panchayats promised to take up issues of development and stated with the backing of their MLA and the ruling government, they hoped to implement the promises made by them to their voters immediately. The sarpanchas of Navelim, Telaulim, Davorlim-Dicarpale and Aquem Baixo - Frank Joaquim Fernandes, Duarte Mariano Pires, Hercualano Sebastiano and Deepa Damodar Naik respecitively- were present for a press briefing addressed by Furtado.In Quepem, MLA Chandrakant 'Babu' Kavlekar claimed his sway over the Cola panchayat where Anant Ladu Velip was elected sarpanch, while BJP managed to hold its reins in Avedem-Cottambi panchayat where Shanti Mascarenhas was elected sarpanch and Krishna Gauns Dessai, deputy sarpanch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13624618", "title": "Accident claims boy's parents, sister", "text": "PUNE: A pall of gloom descended on the Kharat family in Chinchwad which lost four of its members in the accident near Khalapur on the expressway. Sixteen-year old Pranit Kharat, his uncle Kishore Kharat, and Kishore's one-year-old daughter Lavanya survived the accident.Pranit, who is receiving treatment at the Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial Hospital, lost his mother Aruna (35), father Pravin and younger sister Amisha alias Ranu (12) and his aunt Poonam. Pranit, who received fractures on his hands and legs, is in a state of shock.He was brought to his house from the hospital for a brief period when the bodies of his parents and his younger sister had been brought to the house.The funeral took place at a Nigdi crematorium.The Kharat family has been staying in a small house in Ruston colony for nearly 40 years. Both the brothers, Pravin and Kishore, stayed together in a joint family. Pravin worked in a workshop at Akurdi, while his wife Aruna worked in a company at Wakad. Their daughter Amisha was a standard VI student. The family had gone to Ghatkopar in Mumbai to attend the wedding of Eknath Bahule, the son of Aruna's aunt. Kishore works as a conservancy worker while his wife Poonam was a homemaker. Their daughter Lavanya was sitting in Kishore's lap when the accident took place and survived. Kishore has been discharged from the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13632644", "title": "A set worth `70lakhs for Charan, Samantha dance number", "text": "Ram Charan Tej and the gorgeous Samantha are set to shake a leg together for a song scored by Devi Sri Prasad in a specially erected set worth `70lakhs at the Annapurna Studios. The song is from the film \" Yevadu\". According to sources, director Vamsi Paidipally and producer Dil Raju have been taking care for the special set being erected.The schedule will commence shortly as Charan is currently shooting for VV Vinayak's untitled directorial. \"Yevadu\" also stars Amy Jackson and audience will get to see Allu Arjun in a cameo. Touted to be a stylish action thriller, the film is being made under Sri Venkateswara Creations banner. Source: telugu.way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13623189", "title": "Not us, but a businessman behind murder, say accused", "text": "KOCHI: A businessman with links to Congress had a role in the murder of RMP leader TP Chandrasekharan, CPM leaders C H Ashokan and K K Krishnan said in the bail applications filed at the Kerala High Court on Monday.The bail applications filed by CPM Onchiyam area secretary and former secretary of NGO Union C H Ashokan and area committee member K K Krishnan said a businessman who spent money for setting up a bottling plant for drinking water at Azhiyoor had a role in the murder.According to the leaders, who have been placed under arrest, the businessman had spent money for setting up the plant but couldn't get the plant running due to the protest from activists led by Chandrasekharan.Due to enmity from this, Chandrasekharan was murdered. This was found by the first team that probed the murder.Director general of police's statement to media, after inspecting the case diary that the murder of Chandrasekharan was not due to political reasons was because of this, their bail plea stated.However, home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan intervened in the case after this statement and switched the investigating officer DySP Josy Cherian with K V Santhosh Kumar. Investigation is now progressing according to the whims and fancies of the ruling party, the CPM leaders alleged in the petition. Central and state governments are trying to make use of the opportunity created by Chandrasekharan's murder to destroy CPM.Home minister's statement that CBI enquiry is not needed is because he is sure that the police officer appointed by him would obey his orders and act accordingly, the leaders alleged.Police haven't even questioned nor have the leaders given any confession before the investigation team. The leaders were summoned as witnesses and are being detained illegally. Now police are creating false evidence to legalize the arrest, their petition filed through senior counsel and former advocate general M K Damodaran said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13614311", "title": "Constable accused of taking bribe", "text": "INDORE: A head constable, Kamnath Pandey, attached with Chandrawatiganj police station under Sanwer police, has been accused of allegedly threatening to implicate Gagan Dubey in a false case. The constable has allegedly asked Dubey to pay him Rs 2 lakh.The victim alleged that he has already paid him Rs 50,000 out of fear of being implicated.Detailing about the case, SDOP Rudolf Alvares said a truck, loaded with ammonium nitrate, had gone missing from Kshipra a few days ago. Police had set up a team to investigate into the case in which the accused head constable was also a part. During the interrogation, a number of accused were picked up for inquiry. It was then the reports of Pandey allegedly targeting Dubey for Rs 2 lakh came to fore, he said.The police laid a trap to catch Pandey but he managed to give a slip to the police, said sources. He is being interrogated and police will recommend a 'line attach' for him very soon.No FIR has been lodged in the case so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13613825", "title": "Delhi budget: Plan to revamp water supply", "text": "NEW DELHI: In its budget for financial year 2012-13, Delhi government has earmarked Rs 1,800 crore - 12% of the total plan outlay - for water supply and sanitation, and has laid a major emphasis on rationalization of distribution system in the capital.While presenting the budget, Chief minister Sheila Dikshit said that steps will be taken for rationalization of water distribution system for revamping existing water supply, transmission and distribution networks under Public Private Partnership model.She added that her government has approved a DJB project for renovation of Chandrawal Water Treatment Plant and it has become the first water treatment plant in the city to get external aid, technical support and funding from Japan International Cooperation Agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13620539", "title": "I was tense, but keen to play my natural game: Manvinder Singh Bisla", "text": "CHENNAI: Shah Rukh Khan dreamt on Saturday night that Manvinder Singh Bisla would score a century in the IPL final. Bisla didn't reach that landmark; but what he did at the Chepuak on Sunday night has transformed the 28-year-old from Haryana into a star.He came into the team in place of Brendon McCullum and scored 89 off 48 balls. He won the Man of the Match award and KKR the title. Bisla took some time off to have a talk with TOI. Excerpts:If L Balaji was fit, you wouldn't have been playing in the final. Your first thoughts when you were told that you were in?I am a professional player and my job is to make the most of the opportunities that I get. I won't say that I wasn't tense, but I was also looking forward to take the field and do something good for my team.But replacing a player like McCullum is huge pressure, isn't it?I can never compare myself with McCullum. He is in a different plane and I didn't even think on those lines. And Brendon himself told me that I will do well in this game. It felt good, coming from a senior like him, who has done so well at the international level.You haven't got too many chances... Were you looking to prove a point?I think I had got enough chances. The team management has been extremely supportive and I never thought on those lines. My captain and coach gave me a responsibility and I was looking to do my best.Did you feel the nerves when Gambhir got out?Gambhir has been superb in the tournament and you're bound to feel the heat when a player like him gets out in the first over, chasing 190 t that. But Kallis, walking in, just told me to play my natural game and I, too, knew my best chance was to keep playing the shots.Did you target any bowler?Not really, I was targeting loose deliveries, not bowlers. It was a day when everything clicked and Kallis was a big help at the other end, guiding me.Does it hurt that you have missed a century?Doesn't really matter. What is more important is a win for the team and we have been able to achieve that target.After you got out, things got a little tricky. Did it ever cross your mind that you may lose the match and your effort will go in vain?There was no negative thought in the dug-out . The target was always within reach and we all believed that we have the team to go past the line.Now that you have played this innings, do you think an India call may be round the corner?Every player hopes that he will play for India one day. But that is not the be-all-and-endall for me. My aim is to keep doing well and work on the momentum that I have gathered from this IPL. One day, if the India door opens, I will surely look to make the most of it.It must feel great to know that SRK dreamt that you will score a century?(Smiles) I am really grateful to my owner for the way he has inspired me. And it's not just SRK, Gauti, and all the other seniors have kept faith in me. They all praised me and complimented me for my efforts and these will always be treasured possessions of mine.Do you want to dedicate this to anybody?It was my wife's birthday yesterday and it's a gift for her. I want to thank my coach and my family who always believed that I can pursue a career in cricket. This is a big moment for me, but I hope that there will be many such moments in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "ipoh (malaysia)", "code": "13636560", "title": "India look to beat Argentina to remain in contention for final", "text": "IPOH (MALAYSIA): Five-time champions India can ill-afford any slip up in their crucial match against Pan American champions Argentina on Wednesday if they want to keep themselves in contention for a berth in the final of the Sultan Azlan Shah Cup hockey tournament.India carved out a 3-2 victory over hosts Malaysia on Monday to take their points tally to six from four matches, the same as that of Argentina, who will go into Wednesday's match with two impressive performances in the last outings, including a shock 3-2 win over favourites Great Britain.A victory over Argentina on Wednesday and against arch-rivals Pakistan in the last league fixture on Thursday could take India to the final but it won't be an easy road ahead for Michael Nobbs' players.Nobbs said he has told his players that they were again in control of their destiny and must make the best out of the two remaining league outings.\"The tournament is wide open. Big victories in our two remaining games could even get us a place in the final,\" said Nobbs.\"Our focus has not shifted from preparing the squad for the Olympic Games, and we have improved with every outing here,\" he said.India's victories over Malaysia and South Korea, who are Asia's top-ranked side in world rankings, have brought Nobbs' side back in contention for a medal after a disastrous start with a 1-5 defeat against New Zealand.New Zealand are on top of the standings with nine points after three straight victories.India were lucky to score a match-winner in the last minute against South Korea while the defeat at the hands of Great Britain came after India squandered several scoring chances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13635515", "title": "Anurag Prapanna to enter Mrs. Kaushik Ki Paanch Bahuein", "text": "Zee TV's show 'Mrs. Kaushik Ki Paanch Bahuein' will witness some funny moments in the upcoming episodes. Till now, viewers have seen how Padmavati a.k.a. Paddy and her two daughters have made life hell for the Kaushiks in their own house.To further add to their problems, Paddy's husband Madhav a.k.a. MD will now make his entry in Kaushik Niwas. Popular Gujarati theatre artist Anurag Prapanna has been roped in to play the role of Madhav.Paddy will bring Madhav in the house with a big agenda in mind. She will pretend that Madhav is the only one who can sign the dealership papers which Uttkarsh and Gehna so desperately want. Madhav aka MD will bluff that he is a big businessman from the US and has come down to India to expand his business. Madhav's (Anurag) look is loosely based on Javed Jafri from Salaam Namaste.Anurag Prapanna remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13620141", "title": "Metro, monorail sites will get extra barricades", "text": "MUMBAI: Metro rail and monorail project sites will be given extra barricades during the monsoon months so as to prevent accidents. MMRDA commissioner, Rahul Asthana, said that the contractors at the stations and other project sites have been given instructions to ensure that areas around the sites are barricaded for safety.Asthana said they will also have pumps at the sites to ensure that water does not collect in large quantities during the monsoons. MMRDA officials said they will also ensure that debris at all their project sites will be cleared before the monsoons. Mumbai Metro One, which is building the Metro line, said since most of the work has been completed, there are no stagnant pools of water. \"We will also put extra pumps to keep the areas from becoming waterlogged,'' an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13622169", "title": "Temperature above normal at most places", "text": "LUCKNOW: There was no respite from the hot weather conditions as maximum temperature continued to be above 43 degrees Celsius in the city on Monday. The dry hot winds lashing the city for last several days continued to add to the discomfort level of the people. No relief is likely in near future as state Met department predicted similar weather conditions to continue for next few days. Maximum temperature is likely to be 43 degrees Celsius on Tuesday. Similar reports were received from the other parts of the state. Allahabad continued to be the hottest in UP with a temperature of 45.3 degrees CelsiusOn Monday, the city recorded 43.2 degrees Celsius, which was two degrees above normal and the minimum temperature was 24.5 degrees Celsius. The relative humidity was (9-35%), low in comparison to Saturday (19-53%). People preferred to remain indoors during the day and those who came out for work took all precautions against sun stroke. Hospitals reported increase in case of heat and sun stroke. State Met director JP Gupta said there will be no change in weather conditions. Allahabad was the hottest in the state at 45.3 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "13624901", "title": "Headmaster pledges body to science research institute", "text": "DAVANAGERE: A retired high school headmaster has come forward to donate his body to the SS Institute of Medical Science and Research Center in Davanagere.A Rudrappa, who retired as headmaster in 2004, said that he took the decision after convincing his family. \"Instead of cremating me, I thought donating my body to medical science would be more useful,\" Rudrappa added. Rudrappa was the president of Davanagere District Assistant Teachers Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13621493", "title": "'Prepare proper format to implement government's agenda'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief secretary Jawed Usmani on Monday instructed all the heads of departments in Uttar Pradesh to prepare a proper format for effective implementation of the government's development agenda. Usmani said an effective implementation plan for all public interest schemes at state, division and district levels must be finalised by June 1, 2012. The chief secretary also instructed all divisional commissioners and district magistrates to ensure that farmers accrue the maximum benefits from these public interest schemes.In Monday's review meeting, Usmani also said preparations for making a five lakh litre dairy in Lucknow should be made immediately. Taking up the need for a new agriculture policy to boost agriculture production in the state, the chief secretary also said that officials need to ensure better quality seeds are made available to farmers. Instructions were also issued to ensure Kisan Credit Cards are available to every farmer across all gram sabhas in the state.Focusing on the Samajwadi government's key development initiatives, Usmani also said that there is a need for better seeds to boost sugarcane production and develop fisheries in UP. Asking for the state-wide implementation of the e-governance for easier access to public utilities, Usmani said work on the international airport at Kushinagar, to boost tourism along the Buddhist Circuit, need to be completed; the beautification work of the Mathura-Vrindavan-Govardhan circuit be taken up.Usmani also asked for check dams to be built in Bundelkhand and for said adequate flood control arrangements must be made ahead of the imminent monsoon season in UP. Among other development agendas for the government, Usmani asked for speeding up the process of issuing smart card driving licenses to people. He also ordered that the existing public distribution system in UP be strengthened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13618108", "title": "Bhim refutes graft charge", "text": "PATNA: Even as RJD supremo Lalu Prasad alleged scam in the state rural works department (RWD), particularly the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana (PNGSY), his one-time follower and now RWD minister Bhim Singh on Monday trashed the charges. He said the allegations of irregularities and favouritism hurled by Lalu were false.Lalu had alleged on Sunday that the rural road construction work had been awarded to companies from Andhra Pradesh at rates higher than those charged by the central agencies. The Andhra companies were charging Rs 40 lakh per km while the central agencies were charging Rs 30 lakh per km, Lalu had claimed.Singh said before levelling the allegations, Lalu should have named the companies hired irregularly and being paid at a higher rate. Dishing out figures of road construction charges, the minister said during 2001-03, it was Rs 20 lakh a km and in 2004, when the RJD government gave entire work contract to central agencies, the rate was Rs 30 lakh per km. In 2007, the rate increased to Rs 43 lakh a km. In 2008-09, while state agencies worked at Rs 52 lakh a km, the central agencies charged Rs 56 lakh. \"The increase is due to hike in prices of materials and labour. Still, our rate is lower than that of central agencies,\" Singh said.The RWD minister said central agencies also hire outside construction firms and it is done through open bidding. He pointed out that since February 2009, no road was sanctioned by the Centre, so there was no question of hiring new contractors. No work has been taken back from the central agencies, as alleged by Lalu, he said.Under PMGSY, 19,000 km of rural roads are being constructed, of which 2,169 km has been allotted to nine big companies - four of them from Andhra Pradesh (1,220 km). Singh said their work was being monitored and notices had been served to some of them whose work was found unsatisfactory. The bank guarantees of some firms were encashed and a few were also blacklisted.He challenged Lalu to prove his charge of favouritism in any case or work being allotted without tender. He further pointed out that since last year, bids for all works including repair worth above Rs 25 lakh are invited through e-tendering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13621999", "title": "Transfer orders for Barrackpore CP", "text": "KOLKATA: In a move that has raised eyebrows and sent shockwaves among the administrative circles, less than six months after the Barrackpore police commissionerate was set up, commissioner Sanjay Mukherjee is being transferred out. Sanjay Singh, IG (North Bengal), will be the new police commissioner of Barrackpore.The decision was taken at a police establishment board (PEB) meeting on Friday, and is yet to get the approval of chief minister Mamata Banerjee .Sources said the decision to transfer Mukherjee was taken by top officials and is now only waiting a formal stamp is needed of approval after which the order will be issued sometime this week.Mukherjee will be IG (Administration) and sources say that he has had his share of conflicts with local political leaders. But he was being made a fall guy for the large number of crimes that have taken place in the area over the past few months.However, those who side with Mukherjee say that in terms of the number of incidents, there hasn't been any sharp increase from the time the commissionerate was formed. \"It is just that there has been no comparison with what used to happen and what has taken place after the commissionerate was formed.Barrackpore is a crime prone area and criminals from outside easily come in and go out of this belt. The authorities have to be realistic about what to expect and realize that it cannot become a crime free zone overnight,\" a senior official said on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13620408", "title": "Delhi budget: CNG fuels anger, autos may go on strike", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days after the Centre hiked petrol prices by an unprecedented Rs 7.50 per litre, the Delhi government has given another shocker to the common man. Monday's announcement of the imposition of 5% VAT on CNG - a first for Delhi - is expected to translate into an increase in autorickshaws and taxi fares as well as prices of daily commodities. After the added tax, the prices will go up to Rs 37.20 per kg from 35.45 per kg.Already, autorickshaw and taxi unions are up in arms, demanding a hike in fares. Somnath Khattar of the Taxi and Autorickshaw Sangharsh Samiti said, \"Drivers are already finding it difficult to make ends meet. Now, it will become impossible.\" According to three-wheeled scooter rickshaws (TSRs) union leader Rajinder Soni, the 5% VAT will translate into an increase of Rs 20-25 per shift. \"Autorickshaws run in double shifts and for drivers even this Rs 20-25 increase per shift will be a burden,\" added Soni.Both Khattar and Soni claim that the government's move to impose a VAT on CNG is retrograde in nature, specially when it has done nothing on Supreme Court's order to increase the number of TSRs. \"The government seems more interested in pandering to the finance mafia's interests as it has done nothing to makes permits available to poor TSR drivers,\" added Soni. Both unions are threatening to go on strike on May 31.Autorickshaws drivers are not the only ones to be hit. Transporters say that with most public transport in Delhi being driven on CNG, smaller traders will also be affected. Piyush Tripathi, who runs a small grocery shop in south Delhi, said, \"My supplies are brought by mini-trucks that ply on CNG. The VAT will get passed on to me, which I will have to pass on to my consumer,\" rued Tripathi. Prices of small yet essential commodities are set to go up, with vegetables being the most vulnerable, said Soni.The Delhi government says that it will earn approximately Rs 100 crore from the VAT imposition on CNG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "13614453", "title": "'Cutting edge' plan to keep peace", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Resorting to unscheduled power cuts and disconnecting cable lines seem to be the latest police strategy when it comes to maintaining law and order in the districts in the aftermath of Jaganmohan Reddy's arrest.Sources said that the police brass came up with the new tactic to prevent violence in areas where the YSR Congress chief has a sizeable following.While authorities at the power discoms attributed the unscheduled outages to technical snags, sources said they had been specifically directed to snap supply at important moments like when Jagan was being taken to court and when the court sent him to judicial remand.\"Power supply at many places was managed by police bosses and not APTransco engineers,\" admitted an engineer.Cable television services were completely blocked in Prakasam district and partly in Anantapur, East Godavari and Visakhapatnam districts.Sources said that many cable operators in Prakasam district had pro-Congress and TDP sympathies and had 'followed' police instructions in toto.Wherever the cable service is not in the hands of a particular group or political party, police enforced unscheduled power cuts in the morning and evening with supply going off exactly after the CBI court gave its verdict in the assets case.\"Power supply was deliberately cut to prevent people from watching visuals of Jagan being taken to Chanchalguda jail.\"We wanted to minimize any violence arising from the volatile situation in the state,\" said a police official from Nuzvid on condition of anonymity.YSR Congress leader and the party's Krishna district affairs in-charge Ravi Venkata Ramana alleged that it was a ploy by the Congress to keep the people in the dark about Jagan's arrest.Despite power interruptions and the cable operators snapping their connections, people were glued to other available news sources like radio to get updates on Jagan's arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "13623764", "title": "Kids at hospital unaware of tragedy", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Unaware of her mother's demise, one-and-half-year-old Chakuli Manjare was being carried around the hospital premises by nurses and other staffers at Panvel. She was one of four children admitted to Panacea Hospital. Her father, Dhammadeep Manjare, resident of Yerawada, had left for Pune to attend his wife Poornima's last rites, keeping Chakuli in the custody of relatives. Poornima was the only relative of Manisha Gaikwad, the bride from Ghatkopar, who perished in the tragedy.Chakuli had the company of Rekha Gaikwad, whose daughter Ashwini was hurt in the leg, son Aakash was hurt in the neck and youngest daughter Aarti was unhurt. Rekha herself suffered minor injuries while rescuing the children at the site of the expressway accident.The survivors at both Panacea and Ashtavinayak hospitals in Panvel wore stoic expressions after the worst-ever accident on the Mumbai-Pune expressway that claimed 27 lives. The children were not even aware of the tragedy at the hospital. All that the children could recall was that a speeding van rammed into their stationary minibus on the highway while they were enjoying a snack post midnight. IG (Konkan) Parambir Singh and SP (Raigad) R D Shinde visited the patients at Ashtavinayak Hospital in Khanda colony and Panacea hospital in Panvel.Praneet Kharat, 14, from Chinchwad, Pune, who lay with a plastered leg at Ashtavinayak Hospital shut his eyes when his uncle Vijay Bahule informed him that his parents, Pravin and Aruna Kharat, and 11-year-old sister had died.Vijay Bahule, 40, said, \"We left from Mumbai at 9.30 pm, We had reached Pune when we learnt of the accident. Praneet is our responsibility now.\" Bahule was travelling in his own car with his family and was in touch with the rest of his relatives on phone.Praneet was in the second minibus, which bore the brunt of the collision. \"My mother and sister were sitting in the bus while I got down and was waiting at the side of the road with my father,\" he said. After the tempo ploughed into the bus, Praneet who fell and fractured his leg, called out to his mother in the bus. \"There was no answer,\" he said.Three mechanics who were repairing the minibus that had a flat - Amol More, 29, Fayyaz Shaikh, 22, and Amir Shaikh, 19 -- sustained severe injuries on their feet. All that remains of More's feet are the two big toes. More helped pull out the victims from between the buses before collapsing. \"It's a miracle we survived. My wound continues to bleed,\" said More who was underneath the bus when the collision took place.Their employer Shamu Shaikh said that the office boys were missing when the three mechanics were brought to the hospital. \"The hospital needs more staff. There were only two beds in this room. I carried the patients and a third bed upstairs. The staff must be more attentive,\" he said.The wedding party was travelling back to Pune in six vehicles, three of which had stopped at Khalapur. Apart from the two 17-seater buses, there was an SUV carrying the newly weds. The SUV had stopped in front of the bus with the burst tyre. The groom Sanjay Bahule and the bride Manisha Gaekwad escaped unharmed.Praneet was in the second minibus, which bore the brunt of the collision. \"My mother and sister were sitting in the bus while I got down and was waiting at the side of the road with my father,\" he said.After the tempo ploughed into the bus, Praneet who fell at the side of the road and fractured his leg, called out to his mother in the bus. \"There was no answer,\" he said.Three mechanics who were repairing the first 17-seater minibus that broke down include Amol More (29), Fayyaz Shaikh (22) and Amir Shaikh (19) who sustained severe injuries on their feet. All that remains of More's feet are the two big toes. More had helped put the victims from between the buses to the side of the road before himself collapsing.\"It's a miracle we survived. My wound continues to bleed, but no one has changed the bed sheets yet,\" said More who was underneath the bus, repairing it.In all, 14 persons were brought to Ashtavinayak hospital, of which five died and nine were injured. Eighteen died on the spot. Ashtavinayak hospital has a capacity of 50 beds, two operation theatres but lacks a blood bank.Yerwada resident Devram Pathare's story is equally tragic. His wife Shashikala was serious and being transferred to another hospital. Five of Pathare's relatives including Diksha Pawar (12), Sanjana Gaekwad (20), Shubham Gaekwad (22), Sapna Gaekwad (23) and Siddharth Mhaske (18) are amongst the deceased. The other injured at Ashtavinayak include Abhijit Pawar (24), Janabai Manjare (40), Sandhya Sanjay Bhagat (30), Umravati Mhaske (30).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13618445", "title": "Village panchayat polls: It's victory for new faces in Canacona", "text": "The elections to the posts of sarpanch and deputy sarpanch for seven panchayats in Canacona were held under the guidance of Manual Barreto, BDO, Canacona. Barretto said that except for Cola, the sarpanchas and deputy sarpanchas to the six other village panchayats were elected unopposed. Baretto added that their swearing-in would be conducted at 3pm on May 30. All the elected sarpanchas are new faces and out of seven village panchayats, four elected sarpanchas are from the ST community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13614869", "title": "Cyber criminals have a field day, Noida cops hunt for clues", "text": "NOIDA: The recent announcement of the Gautam Budh Nagar police of setting up a dedicated cyber crime cell does not seem to have borne any fruit. Last Sunday witnessed the hacking of the email accounts of a leading school of the city and cloning of facebook account of the coordinator of a city nursing college. While an FIR has been registered in the first case, the second case is being investigated on the complaint.More and more people are falling victim to hackers; everything from e-mail to bank accounts are on target and the latest victim to be added to the growing list of cyber crime is the Bal Bharti school principal. An email was sent out this past weekend from the principal's school email account asking for money, but Asha Prabhakar didn't send it.Prabhakar received a call from her daughter saying she had received an email from her \"and that something was wrong\". Prabhakar soon discovered an email had been sent to every person in the school account's contact list with claims that she was visiting Spain and had run into trouble. Prabhakar said the mail read: \"I had been mugged and I had lost all my cash, all my credit cards.\" Claiming being stranded in Spain, the email asked for financial help and also provided a bank account number where funds could be transferred.When the principal tried signing into the email account, she realized the password had been compromised. She immediately approached the Sector 20 police. \"I realized the seriousness when I received a call from one of my friends who went to the extent of calling up the Spanish embassy to help me,\" Prabhakar said.But her problems didn't end there. \"Another of the school's email accounts on hotmail, too, was hacked within a few hours of the first one,\" Prabhakar added.The second cyber crime incident involved the cloning of the profile of an account on the social networking site facebook. The victim's profile was duplicated and then used to send lewd messages to several women on the network, police said. Chat attempts were also made from the cloned profile. The victim whose profile was cloned is a resident of Jhundpura and works as a coordinator of a city nursing college in Sector 12. A complaint has been filed with the Sector 24 police station, police said.Police officers say scams like the one that hit the principal and the coordinator are becoming more and more common. Cops advise that a strong password is one defence against hackers. \"We are investigating both cases and will soon try to restore the accounts,\" said a police official. The cop further said that net users need to be aware and alert. \"Users needs to consider for a moment before clicking something, open something, or send something. This could save everybody a lot of headaches,\" the officer said.Last Sunday, email accounts of a leading school were hacked and the facebook account of a nursing college coordinator was cloned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13618142", "title": "BSEB to adopt good practices of Maharashtra electricity companies", "text": "PATNA: Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) is likely to adopt some of the good practices of Maharashtra's electricity companies in Bihar to improve its functioning. A high-level BSEB team had last week gone to Maharashtra under the leadership of its member (finance and revenue), Vinayak Prasad Gupta, to study the various systems of the electricity companies there.After the team's return, Gupta said on Sunday that a strategy would be chalked out to improve the system here on the pattern of Maharashtra. \"We had a great experience in Maharashtra while visiting its various centres related to data, audit, manpower management, IT and franchisee system\", Gupta told TOI.The team included S K P Singh, general manager, Patna Electric Supply Undertaking (Pesu), P K Singh, director metering, Arbind Kumar, director revenue, Sumit Kumar, director security and Rakesh Kumar, executive engineer in charge, interstate operations.During its three-day stay, the team also evaluated the mechanism to reduce transmission and distribution (T&D;) losses. Maharashtra's T&D; loss is around 17%, while in Bihar the figure is currently estimated at nearly 40%. The gap is huge but it can be reduced through effective management, said an official.\"I have made a power point presentation on the basis of our visit which will be shared with top power board officials and the energy minister. Certain guidelines would be made for field officers to improve the billing and collection efficiency,\" Gupta said.In Maharashtra, regions with high revenue collection get quality power supply. \"We are contemplating to introduce this system in Bihar also,\" said a team member.The IT set-up of BSEB would be further strengthened to yield more accurate results. The performance monitoring of field officers, power purchase management, strategy, competitive bidding, human resource management, training of officers &amp; staff etc would be made through IT-driven technology.The BSEB has already taken initiatives for appointment of franchisees in order to improve its efficiency. The aim is to provide quality power to all urban and rural consumers and to meet the power demand for agricultural purposes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "13623981", "title": "Man crosses over to Pakistani side in Ganganagar", "text": "JAISALMER: A man crossed over to Pakistani side from Ganganagar border after evading BSF jawans on Sunday. A flag meeting was called on Monday with Pakistani Rangers to return the person but there was no information about the person. Three BSF jawans were suspended for callousness while BSF ordered a court of inquiry.As per information, the incident took place near outpost 7H at the international border adjoining Ganganagar. The jawan deployed at the outpost was away from the spot at the time of the incident but he saw the person crossing to the Pakistani side. By the time the jawan could reach there, the person had entered the Pak border by jumping the fence.Sources said that the jawan immediately informed the incident to the senior officers and later Pak Rangers too were informed. On Monday, a flag meeting took place with Pak Rangers, but till late there was no information about the man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13633429", "title": "Still have some romance left in me: Gaurav Khanna", "text": "Gaurav Khanna, who plays the main lead Krish in Byaah Hamari Bahoo Ka on Sony TV is not bored of playing romantic roles on Television.Gaurav who has serials like Kumkum , Jeevan Saathi and Yeh Pyar Na Hoga Kam to his credit feels that every romantic role that he has played until now has been different. Speaking about his character on the show, Gaurav says, \"When JD Majethia offered me a role in Byaah Hamari Bahoo Ka , he told me it would be very tough. I've played a lot of romantic characters before mostly with newcomers and I keep wondering how many times can I do the same thing? But I've realized that every romantic character is unique as every role requires a different approach. I've also realized that I still have some romance left in me\".Gaurav further shares a cute anecdote. \"I liked this girl in school but she did not like me back. And I think that feeling has helped me prepare for this role.\" When asked what kind of partner he prefers, Gaurav is not one to shy away, \"Romance for me should not be high profile where you engage in a seven course meal or buy expensive gifts for the girl. It's about what the girl means to me and how comfortable we are with each other\".Let's hope lady luck shines on Gaurav soon!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "cast", "code": "13637974", "title": "Adhinayakudu", "text": "Cast: Nandamuri Balakrishna, Lakshmi Rai, Saloni and Jayasudha Genre: Political Drama Director: Paruchuri Murali Music: Kalyani MalikSynopsisNanatasimha Nandamuri Balakrishna starrer \" Adhinayakudu\" is all set for a grand release on June 1, 2012. Written and directed by Parachuri Murali, \"Adhinayakudu\" is tipped to be a political drama and the trailers have already raised the expectations. This action entertainer is a political satire film, which takes a dig at the policies of various political parties. \"Manchi naayakudu prajala gundello vundaale gaanee, roddu meeda bommaallo kaadu. Vunnattundi ee vigrahaala raajakeeyam enduku modalu pettaavo chebuthaavaa? Cheppinchamantaavaa?,\" a dialogue by Balayya, created sensation across the state.While Balayya's triple role would be a highlight, the focus will be more on his role as an old man which is etched to have the political overtone. The Nandamuri scion minced no words in unveiling that his campaign for the upcoming by-polls kicks off with \"Adhinayakudu\" release. Further, the film has the potential to orchestrate people's revolt ('Tirugubatu') and inspire the public to go gung-ho. Lakshmi Rai and Saloni are playing the female leads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13630795", "title": "Desh Raag to evoke nationalism", "text": "Recent Indian accomplishments across various sectors have every Indian enveloped in a sense of extreme pride. From the cricket world cup last year to the Agni V launch this year, India's consistent performance has instilled a deep sense of nationalism in our young populace. Tapping this very emotion, Rakshak Foundation, an international organisation by Indians based out of California, United States, has organised Desh Raag, a patriotic song competition.\"The basic ideology of this contest is to generate a sense of pride in two of the most celebrated attributes of Indians: culture and patriotism,\" explains Sachin Bansal, founder and president, Rakshak Foundation. \"It aims to put patriotism as a modern-day topic in front of the morally developing youth and to showcase it as an intellectual topic for dialogue,\" he adds. Suchit Mishra, advisor, strategic projects at the organisation adds to that, \"Music, being a universally cherished form of art, is used to make a creative impact on the youth so that they're not bored with merely words and idioms,\" he adds.Although only in its first year, Desh Raag has received an overwhelming response with over 70 entries from around 200 artists and bands. \"Submissions have come in Hindi, English and Sanskrit spanning a lot of musical genres ranging from classical, blues and jazz to metal, progressive and electronica. We even received entries from genre like Sanskrit metal! This truly symbolises the musical diversity in the country and the potential of Indian musicians,\" quips Mishra.The competition is divided in two phases, of which the first phase concluded on May 21 with the selection of seven finalists. The shortlisted bands-Life, Shabd, Shourya, Parivartan, Joshish, Edberg Dillon, and Cheese, will compete in the second phase for the grand prize. \"We participated in a competition after a gap of six years and were skeptical that with a theme like this there may be a preference given to classical music but the entries were diverse in genre. The opportunity to compete in the finals is very overwhelming,\" says Sameer Rahat, lead vocalist of Joshish, a progressive rock band from Mumbai.As unique as the competition is, the rewards are even more remarkable. The seven finalists from phase one of the competition will be invited to record their original compositions, which will eventually be compiled into an album. This album will be judged by another panel of celebrity judges like Shankar Mahadevan, Indian Ocean and Prasoon Joshi. It will also be released and put to a public vote on the internet. \"Prizes are in cash, kind and opportunities. However, for our grand prize, subject to government approvals, the winner of Desh Raag will be given a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to perform live at the Wagah Border near Amritsar before the ceremony,\" informs Bansal.In tune to the rhythm of their tagline - One nation. One People. One Music - Bansal concludes, \"Desh Raag is the precursor to a lot of other efforts that need to be made.\" To listen to the entries of the finalist and others visit, www.deshraag.orgCourtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13635256", "title": "What\u2019s Sasikumar next?", "text": "Actor - director -producer is a busy man these days. He is now busy acting in Sundara Pandiyan.Lakshmi Menon is going to pair up with him. Lakshmi Menon is currently donning the female lead role in the film Kumki directed by Prabhu Solomon.The movie supposedly set in a Madurai backdrop, will be shot extensively in Theni district. Meanwhile Sasikumar is busy producing a movie to be directed by his mentor Balu Mahendra, which is being made in digital format.Source: cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13637236", "title": "Chaos outside Eden after KKR felicitation programme", "text": "KOLKATA: There was chaos outside the Eden Gardens after an hour-long felicitation function of the IPL champions Kolkata Knight Riders when a large crowd broke barricades and engaged in scuffles with the police in a bid to enter the grounds on Tuesday.Nearly 30,000 people were waiting outside the Eden Gardens as they were not allowed entry into the grounds which were already packed to capacity.As the surging crowd made a determined bid to have a glimpse of the KKR team as well as its co-owners Shah Rukh Khan and Juhi Chawla , chaos followed and several persons suffered injuries in the melee.The area was littered with shoes and other foot wears as the police made way for the KKR team members, Shah Rukh Khan and Tollywood actors for their departure.West Bengal governor MK Narayanan, chief minister Mamata Banerjee , some of her cabinet colleagues and railway minister Mukul Roy were present at the felicitation progarmme, organised jointly by the state government and the Kolkata Municipal Corporation.When contacted, the police denied that there was any lathicharge or any injury outside the stadium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13638766", "title": "Engineering common admission test will hit rural students: Super 30 founder", "text": "PATNA: The move of the joint councils of IITs, NITs and IIITs to hold a common admission examination would make it more difficult for students, especially those from rural areas where school infrastructure is poor, Super 30 founder Anand Kumar said on Tuesday.\"If there can be one test for more competitive AIIMS examination, which has fewer seats and more candidates, and IIMs, why can't there be so similar test for IITs,\" Kumar told PTI.\"The process being adopted is more cumbersome and it will only add more pressure on the students,'' he said.Anand said the move to implement the common admission examination from 2013 would create confusion among the current batch of students. ''If at all the new system is to be implemented, it should be at least from 2014 so that the students could have enough time to adjust. After all the changes are for the students.\"Maintaining that there was uncertainty still about the mechanism of the proposed two-tier test, he said if JEE-Mains and JEE-Advanced were held the same day it would be psychologically draining for the students.\"More thought needs to be given to the proposed changes before implementing them,\" he added.The proposed reform to bring focus back to the schooling system by giving weightage to performance in Class XII Board examinations normalized on percentile basis would also be a serious challenge, as there is huge gulf between schools of the CBSE and ICSE boards and those under state boards.The formula to be adopted for percentile calculation is also not clear, as all state boards have different yardsticks, he added.Anand said the present system would make students more dependent on coaching, as they would require it for three different examinations - one for the proposed JEE-Main, another for the proposed JEE-Advanced, which will also have aptitude test and third for scoring high marks in the plus two examinations.\"Students from rural areas who don't the advantage of quality schooling would miss out from JEE-advanced for no fault of theirs,\" he said adding there was need to develop faith in the school system for ensuring better secondary education.\"Infact the proposed mechanism may work as a deterrent for the rural students dreaming to get into IITs.\"It would have been appropriate to make a joint admission board comprising IITs, NITs and CBSE for paper setting, evaluation and preparation of the merit list. The IIT council should first arrive at a definite decision and give adequate time to students for transition, he added.Anand Kumar's Super 30, set up a decade ago, has been lauded by Time magazine as the best in Asia. The institute provides free residential coaching to 30 meritorious students from the underprivileged sections of the society and so far 263 students have made it to the IITs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13620397", "title": "Out-of-syllabus paper stumps Panjab University students", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a major slip up by Panjab University that turned into harassment for scores of students across 40 examination centres in Punjab and Chandigarh, an entire question paper was found out of syllabus.Students of second semester pursuing MA (Political Science) arrived at examination centres to appear for 'Indian politics' paper on Monday and were zapped to find that not a single question was from the prescribed syllabus.The students protested and the examination was eventually cancelled. On the intervention by of the teachers of the department of political science, PU's examination branch took notice of the situation. A meeting of the PG Board of Studies will be called shortly to decide the date of retest.\"The questions were out of syllabus and once the students brought this to our notice, we informed the authorities. It is an unfortunate incident,\" says Deepak Kumar, chairperson, department of political science, PU.A K Bhandari, Controller of Examination, admitted the error and said, \"The paper was printed as it was sent by the teacher who prepared it. There was no mistake on the part of the examination branch or printing. A meeting will be called to decide the next date of examination.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13618556", "title": "Rotation system likely in Bardez", "text": "MAPUSA: In Bardez, 22 sarpanchas and 24 deputy sarpanchas were elected unopposed. In Bardez taluka, majority of the panchayats are dominated by the BJP and even the opposition is known to have extended support to the BJP-backed panel. Majority of the panchayats are likely to follow the rotation system on mutual understating.BJP retains hold on Pernem p'yatsMost of the panchayats in Pernem taluka, ruled by the two BJP MLAs- panchayat minister Laximikant Parsekar and speaker of the Goa legislative assembly Rajendra Arlekar- remained with the BJP. Out of 17 panchayats, 15 sarpanchas and deputy sarpanchas were elected unopposed, while two panchayats- Mandrem and Morjim- went to polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "jerusalem", "code": "13636345", "title": "Israel PM keenly follows Anand-Gelfand match", "text": "JERUSALEM: Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , an amateur chess player and an enthusiast of the game, closely followed the 12th game of World Championships between his countryman Boris Gelfand and India's defending champion Viswanathan Anand in Moscow.The game was broadcast on a giant screen in a room adjacent to the Prime Minister's office where Netanyahu watched it between meetings and spoke with Natan Sharansky , a former minister who was a promising chess player as a child, about the moves.The Israeli Premier is said to have met the Israeli Grandmaster Gelfand in March 2010 when he played a match against him and Natan Sharansky, which is said to have ended in a draw.A lot of amateur and professional Israeli chess players as well as enthusiasts also gathered at the centre of Israel to watch the match on a big screen.The two players are tied at 6-6 points after 12 games and the champion will now be decided in tie-breakers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13619370", "title": "Girls are 'drinking' like boys", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Gone are the days when only boys were known for creating ruckus under the influence of alcohol.Some of the areas, which are considered to be the pulse of late night life in Chandigarh, have been witnessing incidents when tipsy girls have created unruly scenes and attracted criminal action against themselves.Two days ago a 23-year-old girl of Sector 26 was slapped with a challan for riding a motorcycle in inebriate condition after she was caught at a 'naka' near Kalagram, Mani Majra, late in the night. Inspector Narinder Patial said, \"The girl was riding a motorcycle and when she was stopped at the, a cop smelled alcohol on her. When she was asked to breath on an alcohol sensor, she said she had taken one beer. There was 148mg alcohol in her body. It means she had taken at least four pegs.\" The motorcycle has been seized. The youth accompanying the girl vanished from the spot when the cops challaned the girl.In November 2011, six girls had created a scene near Aroma Light point, Sector 22, and in the market of Sector 8 under the influence of alcohol.In one of the instances, two girls attracted public attention when one of them started abusing passerby under the influence of alcohol in Sector 8 market. She was accompanied a girl, a paying guest in Sector 22, who was also in inebriate condition. A criminal case was registered against her and she was subsequently released on bail.A frequent visitor at an eating point near Aroma Light point, Vishal Kumar of Sector 22, said, \"There are three-four groups of girls, mostly PGs and occupants of rented accommodation in Sector 22 and 23, that get drunk and create scene at public places.\"False alarmIn July 2010, a girl, a relative of a Nahan-based politician, put Chandigarh police in a tight spot after sending a false alarm to the police control room alleging rape inside a Sector 26 disco. When an inquiry was initiated by the police on the basis of media reports, the girl disappeared from the city", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13616023", "title": "200 more bus stop shelters in the pipeline", "text": "NAGPUR: The beauty of city's main roads is all set to rise. After completion of work on 190 city bus stop shelters, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has proposed to construct more 200 shelters for the convenience of the commuters travelling in Starbuses.Traffic engineer Nasir Khan told TOI, 190 city bus stop shelters have become fully operational in various parts of the city. \"NMC constructed the shelters with beautiful look without spending a single penny. The work was undertaken on BOT basis. Even, NMC is getting premium from the shelters. According to standard norms, one shelter should be available in every 200-500 meter length. Therefore, a proposal has been prepared to construct more 200 shelters. The new ones will be constructed on few roads lacking the shelters and also between two shelters where the gap is more than 500 meter,\" he said.A visit to the city bus shelters reveals a satisfactory picture. The shelters wore good look and constructed on most required locations except few. The sitting arrangement at the shelters is also good and comprise well illumination with advertisements. The shelters have been utilized by not only Starbuses' passengers but also other citizens passing through. Strict vigil has been maintained to prevent from encroachments by vendors. The route map of the Starbus is also given at the bus shelters. The success of the model has encouraged the NMC to go for more 200 bus shelters.In another good news, the premium from the bus shelters is all set to rise to a great extent. The proposal to increase the premium has been placed for discussion before the standing committee. The decision will be taken in the meeting convened on May 28.According to the proposal, the locations of 103 bus shelters were changed. Thus, the category of the bus shelters too upgraded. The private agency was to pay premium of Rs 1.79 lakh per year according to the work order given in 2010. After the approval of standing committee, the private agency will pay premium of Rs 14.78 lakh per year.NMC has been running 230 Starbuses since 2007. The number of buses increased to 470 from 2010. To facilitate a safe and proper place for waiting for the buses, the NMC had proposed to construct bus stop shelters in 200 locations in 2009. The work order was given on April 5, 2010. The private agency was to complete the work on all shelters within six months. Various problems delayed the work. However, the NMC overcame from the problems and work completed on 190 shelters. The remaining 10 could not be constructed due to location problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13618685", "title": "Lakhs reclaimed over bogus claims", "text": "MUMBAI: Forging of documents and filing of bogus claims with insurance firms could land hospitals and policy-holders in trouble. An insurance company went all-out to reclaim money after its investigations revealed that bogus documents were submitted by some hospitals.A senior New India Assurance Company official said, \"We recovered over Rs 10 lakh from hospitals and policy-holders after we found they had prepared fake documents. In some cases, the policy-holder had connived with the hospital to share the bounty.\"The company recovered Rs 5.72 lakh from Dhanvantri children's hospital in Panchpakhadi, Thane after an investigator found 13 suspicious claims made by it since July 2011. The hospital authorities paid back the amount in four installments after it was caught.In another case, it recovered Rs 3.89 lakh from Sri Venkatesh Hospital, Nalasopara, in three installments after 10 suspicious cases were found. Dr Chandramohan Holambe of the hospital conceded that the money was refunded, but denied that it was because of fraudulent claims.The company official said, \"We confronted the hospitals with documentary evidence, which was so overwhelming that they paid up without even confronting us with counter-arguments.\" He said, \"Thirty-one policies were issued on the address of Hrishikesh Diagnostic Centre, Bhandup. The claims that originated from these two hospitals were from policies issued at this address. This triggered suspicion, which led to an inquiry and then the recovery.\"Some cases at Dhanvantri were identified as fake after the doctor whose name was mentioned on the discharge card told us that he had never visited it.But Dr Ramgopal R Chejara, owner of Dhanvantri children's hospital, denied any fraud. He said, \"I have paid around Rs 4.50 lakh because of misinterpretation in a clause. They claimed that it was a children's hospital and I could not admit adult patients under the cashless scheme. I repaid the amount as the hospital threatened to stop the cashless system.\" He also said the patients were under his observation as the doctor mentioned in the hospital records had not turned up.Similarly, a BEST employee's plan to earn easy money by conniving with two hospitals fell through after investigations revealed that he was at work on three days that he was shown admitted to these hospitals in Airoli.The official said, \"We nailed the hospital and the employee after we received his attendance record from the BEST administration. He was shown as admitted to Indravati hospital for gastroenteritis from July 14-17. But he was 'present' only on July 17 in BEST records, while hospital records claimed that he was discharged at 8 pm the same day.\"Likewise, he was shown admitted to Ayush multi-specialty hospital from April 25-30, 2011, but BEST records showed that he was at work on April 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13638922", "title": "Punjabi Cinema is technically strong today: Amar Noorie", "text": "Punjabi actress Amar Noorie has worked in several Punjabi films and says that unlike earlier days Punjabi cinema has now become technically strong with more professionals turning to it.\"Things have changed a lot in Punjabi cinema as people who are making films these days know the techniques of film production,\" says the veteran who has acted in films like Badla Jatti Da , Jee Aayan Nu and Dil Apna Punjabi.Elated over the success and revival of Punjabi films, Noorie feels that Punjabi cinema can carve a niche for itself but the filmmakers should come up with contemporary and relevant stories.\"Today Punjabi cinema has the required talents to make successful films. They should carefully work upon the subject and that should also be contemporary and appealing. There should be a message with entertainment in the movies,\" Says Amar Noorie.The actress is on a roll as Kabaddi Once Again , her upcoming film will soon hit the theatres after her recent release Aappan Pher Milange .\"I am playing hero's chachi (aunt) who loves and cares for him like her own son. She is also very supportive and helps him to achieve his goal. Nacchatar Gill is playing my husband in the movie,\" says Amar Noorie who finds her role in Kabaddi Once Again close to her heart.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "13620381", "title": "HPCL LPG distributors threaten to quit", "text": "JALANDHAR: Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited (HPCL) LPG distributors have announced to shut their agencies if the supply from the company did not improve. They gave this ultimatum as the supply has been deficit in the past few months.The announcement was made after a meeting of All Punjab HP Gas Distributors Association on Monday. Association president B K Tandon and general secretary Sukihbir Singh Garhdiwal said the supply was erratic for five months and the distributers had to face ire of the consumers and the district administration.\"When we ask the company officials about improving the supply, they simply give us assurances but nothing happens,\" the distributers said, adding that there has been no such issue with the Indian Oil Corporation and Bharat Petroleum. The dealers said consumers had to wait for almost a month for the cylinder to be delivered.They would take up the issue with Punjab civil supplies minister Adesh Partap Singh Kairon and with the Union petroleum minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13622610", "title": "Murder case against Mani", "text": "KOCHI: After one of its functionaries made an indiscreet statement in public, the CPM has painted itself into a corner. Even as senior state and central leaders distanced themselves from the controversial remarks, Kerala police on Monday registered a case against CPM Idukki district secretary M M Mani and other identifiable CPM leaders.In a significant move, a special team under the leadership of Superintendent of Police, P Prakash, will reinvestigate three political murders in Idukki district allegedly carried out by the CPM between 1982 and 83 and bragged about by Mani in his speech last Friday.Police filed an FIR against Mani before the Thodupuzha judicial first class magistrate court along with the entire transcript of his speech. Idukki Superintendent of Police George Varghese said the case was registered under IPC 302 (murder), 109 (abetment) and 118 (concealing design to commit offence).Mani, in his speech, had reportedly referred to three political murders that took place in Idukki district - one person was shot, another beaten to death and a third one stabbed - all of them opponents of the CPM.Following this, Kerala DGP Jacob Punnoose directed the Idukki police to conduct a fresh inquiry into the murder of Baby Ancherry, a Youth Congress activist, Muttukad Nanappan, a Congress worker and Mullanchirra Mathai, an INTUC worker. These three murders took place between 1982 and 1983. \"We will take a decision on arresting Mani in the coming days. We have to analyse various aspects in detail before arresting him and record statements from him,\" the police source said.Already on the defensive following the arrest of several of its cadres in the murder of Marxist dissident T P Chandrashekaran on May 4 in Malabar, the CPM's leadership has not been amused by Mani's remarks. On Monday, the party's central leadership came out openly against Mani's statement though they stopped short of any disciplinary action against him.\"Political violence is not part of the culture of CPM. We combat our adversaries politically and not physically. In fact we have often become the victims of the culture of political violence, as is happening in West Bengal now,'' Sitram Yechuri, CPM politburo member, told TOI here from New Delhi over phone.Echoing Yechury, S Ramachandran Paillai, another politburo member, said, \"We strongly disapprove the statement of Mani, which has given ammunition to our political enemies. We have not killed anyone after a preparing a list ... We have been only defending ourselves.''However both Yechuri and Pillai denied the central leadership has decided to take disciplinary action against Mani. \"We have not discussed disciplinary action against Mani so far. Our immediate priority is to evolve programmes to combat the campaign against the party,'' Pillai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13618126", "title": "Bihar likely to rope in Aamir Khan to 'save daughters'", "text": "PATNA: Strongly pleading for a Padma award to Aamir Khan , state health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey on Monday said the state government was actively considering making the Bollywood actor the brand ambassador for the state government's campaign against female foeticide, to be launched in the state from May 30.Inspired by Aamir's debut venture on television 'Satyameva Jayate', Choubey said people like Aamir should be given the highest award for raising socially-relevant issues in such a strong manner. \"We have made Bhojpuri singer Manoj Tiwary and cancer specialist Dr J K Singh the brand ambassador for our cancer awareness programme,\" he said.According to the minister, there are altogether 1,145 registered ultrasound centres in Bihar of which around 60% are located in Patna. A fresh survey would be conducted across the state to find out how many new such centres have opened. \"We will convene a meeting of Indian Medical Association officials in June to formulate a fresh strategy to check female foeticide,\" he said.The health minister also announced deputation of a liaison officer in Mumbai to assist patients coming from Bihar to Mumbai for cancer treatment. The decision follows Choubey's recent visit to Mumbai where he saw the miserable condition of Bihari patients in Mumbai's cancer hospitals. Among 80% of the patients in cancer wards there are from Bihar and most of them do not know what help they can get from their native state, Choubey said and added he would talk to the chief minister in this regard. Help for the purpose will also be taken from NGOs and Biharis living outside the state, the minister said.He said the 'Bitiya Bachao', or save daughter, campaign would be launched from Sultanganj (Bhagalpur) on May 30 by taking oath on the bank of Ganga to prevent female foeticide. He expressed concern over the declining sex ratio in the state. According to 2011 census, the male:female ratio was 1000:916 as against 1000:919 in 2001.\"I admit the Pre-Natal Diagnostic Test Act has not been implemented properly in the state,\" Choubey said. Action has been taken in only three cases so far. Among these three cases, the two hospitals which were closed down for violating the law, resumed functioning, he said. \"Action will be taken against the Patna civil surgeon in this regard,\" he said and added a committee would be constituted under the chairmanship of health secretary which will inquire into the charges against the civil surgeon and the private hospitals concerned. The committee will submit its report within one week, the minister said.According to the minister, two new bodies have been constituted to check female foeticide in the state. One is the state supervisory body chaired by the health minister himself and the other the state advisory body. He said the services of CID and other agencies would also be taken to check female foeticide in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13601689", "title": "Katrina Kaif to dress up as a man", "text": "Get ready to watch Katrina Kaif dress up as a man. Sources reveal that a scene in Dhoom 3 will have Kat cross-dress and put up an act of being a man.Remember how Hrithik Roshan had a series of prosthetic looks in Dhoom 2 , looks like the Chikni Chameli girl will now follow suit. A source reveals, \"This will be one of the surprises in the film. Kat's drag act is definitely bound to grab eyeballs and become a talking point!\" We can't wait to get our hands on the first look for this one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13632244", "title": "Man who killed 2-year-old daughter hangs self in Chennai prison", "text": "CHENNAI: A 26-year-old labourer, who was arrested for murdering his two-year-old daughter in 2011, committed suicide by hanging in the Puzhal prison, Chennai on Monday.Saravanan alias Manikandan of Potheri near Maraimalai Nagar was found dead in his cell in the 'A' block of prison - I at 12.30am. The jail authorities on night patrolling noticed him hanging from the window grill and alerted the jail officials. He used his shirt and lungi to make the noose. Three other inmates were sleeping inside the cell when Saravanan hanged himself, police said.Prison staff took him to the Government Royapettah Hospital (GRH), where doctors examined and declared him dead on arrival.Puzhal police registered a case under Section 174 of Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC), based on the complaint of the jail warden.According to the case against him, Saravanan was an alcoholic who often picked up quarrels with his wife. During one of such fights, he beat his daughter Abinaya and threw her against a wall on September 11 last year. The child soon died. Palur police arrested Saravanan on charges of murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13634372", "title": "Over-the-counter pills cut heart disease risk", "text": "Researchers have found that a combination of two over-the-counter drugs could help fight heart disease and reduce deaths by half, researchers say.The study revealed that not only did the 1.10 pounds-a-day tablets reduce the risk of elderly patients dying, they were also found to help the heart to work more efficiently.The findings can have major implications for Britain where heart disease affects around 2.6 million people and kills about 94,000 each year.Over six million people are prescribed powerful drugs like statins to reduce artery-clogging \"bad\" LDL cholesterol.This slashed their risk of stroke and heart attack, which is the leading cause of deaths from heart disease.But a natural mineral, which has already been linked to a host of health benefits, can also be a potent new treatment.Scientists found that the combination of selenium yeast and the vitamin-like compound coenzyme Q10 significantly reduced cardiovascular deaths in the elderly.A study of 443 healthy men and women aged 70 to 88 was conducted by the researchers and they found that those given daily supplements of selenium and coenzyme Q10 had more than halved their risk of dying of heart disease and showed improved heart function.Professor Urban Alehagen, of Linkoping University, Sweden , found that of those given the widely available supplements, 5.9 per cent died of heart disease after five years compared with 12.9 per cent in a placebo group.People who used supplements were also found to have significantly lower levels of NT-proBNP, a chemical marker that indicates that the heart is working under greater pressure.The treatment group had been given a 200 microgram branded selenium pill and two 100mg Q10 pills.The research backs up the previous studies done. One, in Finland , found a 2.9-fold increased risk of heart death in patients who had low selenium.Other studies have showed low heart levels of coenzyme Q10 in patients with heart muscle disease.Selenium is a powerful trace mineral found in soil and foods, which has been shown boosting resistance against flu, fight cancer , boosting fertility and helping people live longer.It is essential in small amounts and is claimed to help people to be mentally sharp in their old age.It is naturally found in Brazil nuts, bread, fish, kidney, eggs and shellfish.Coenzyme Q10 is a vitamin-like substance, a powerful antioxidant and moisturiser which works by speeding up cell repair.\"These results will need to be confirmed in larger studies before they can be recommended to patients,\" the Daily Express quoted Professor Jeremy Pearson, associate medical director at the British Heart Foundation as saying.The study will appear in the International Journal of Cardiology .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13638648", "title": "Salim in a new film after 'Adaminte Makan Abu'", "text": "Salim Ahmed is coming with a new film after 'Adaminte Makan Abu'. The name of the movie is not yet fixed. The story of the film is based on the relationship between husband and wife in a village atmosphere.This film will be different from current family films and themes. The shoot for the film is scheduled to start next month. Source: Keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "13621141", "title": "Bhagana dalits: Khap steps in to end deadlock", "text": "HISAR: The eight-day long deadlock between the district administration and dalit families from Bhagana is likely to end as the Sarva Jatiya Khap Panchayat on Monday met the dalit families, so as to persuade them to return to the village.With a view to have a permanent solution to the ongoing cold war between dalit and upper class families of the village, the khap has also convened a meeting to settle all the issues, at the village on Wednesday.Representatives of upper caste villagers and dalits have agreed to the decision made by the khap panchayat on Monday.Headed by Master Mahender Singh, a delegation of khap panchayat contacted the agitating dalit families at mini-secreteriat, where they are camping for the past eight days. Khap delegates claimed to have met representatives of upper caste families before meeting dalits.Khap members later met deputy commissioner Amit Aggarwal and requested him to join Wedensday's meeting to ensure permanent solution to the issues related to dalit families.Mahender Singh said, \"Before convening the Wednesday meeting, we shall personally have another round of meeting with villagers to take stock of the situation. We have already requested the DC to join the meeting or send a representative. I have personally met the villagers, who have assured to maintain the atmosphere of peace and brotherhood in the village.\"Meanwhile, when contacted, Vijay Bagoria, who leading the dharna, confirmed the development and hinted at ending the stir.\"The khap members have assured action against families who have ostracized us. For this purpose, we have also asked khap members to contact elected members of panchayat, while taking stock of the situation. So far as withdrawl of dharna is concerned, I am on way to a meeting with khap members. After the meeting, we shall reveal our further course of action after discussing the same with agitating families.\"The dalit families are camping at mini secretariat premises since May 20 to press their demands for action against upper class families, who had ostracized them for demanding 100-yard plots in the common land of the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13617142", "title": "Maths is party pooper, fewer get max marks", "text": "Mathematics played spoilsport for class 12 CBSE students who took the board exams this year.Hundreds of students in the city were disappointed to find that they had scored 99, 98 or 95 marks instead of scoring maximum marks. Leading city schools, known for churning out excellent results year after year, were shocked to find that one or two of their students had failed. Director of a coaching institute Shobha Ananthanarayanan said that there were no specific problems with the mathematics question paper. \"It was a good paper, but slightly lengthy. Many students left exam halls disappointed, knowing that they had missed scoring a centum,\" she said.Heads of schools said that the paper was not tough, but was quite long. \"We are not satisfied with the results and neither are the students,\" said K Usha, principal of DAV Girls Higher Secondary School, Gopalapuram. Some students blamed the low marks in maths on the higher order thinking skills (HOTS) questions that came from outside the textbook.\"Children are supposed to think while taking the exam. That's what CBSE trains them to do, so you cannot blame one or two HOTS questions,\" said C Sathiyamoorthy, principal of Chinmaya Vidyalaya. Across the country, the number of students scoring 100% in maths dropped from 1,448 in 2011 to 987 this year. The mathematics average in many top schools dropped by around 2% and saw a low number of A1s compared to other subjects. In DAV Girls, more than 86% of students scored A1 in every subject including English, physics, chemistry, biology and computer science, only 61% of the students got A1 in mathematics. \"We definitely expected more centum scorers, at least 15 or so, but managed to get that number only in engineering graphics,\" said Geetha Balachander, principal of DAV Boys Senior Secondary School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13613338", "title": "Class XII results out: Girls outshine boys", "text": "BHOPAL: Girls outshine boys in the class XII examinations conducted by the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) and Madhya Pradesh Board of Secondary Education ( MPBSE). The CBSE and MP board results were declared on Monday. Girls continued to fare better than boys with 86.21 per cent clearing the exam as compared to 75.80 per cent boys.Varsha Varman, a commerce student from St Joseph's Co-ed School of Bhopal , emerged first among toppers of all streams in the class XII merit list of the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) from the state by securing an impressive 97.2%.The girl, member of the Indian national rifle team, who has also made a mark in shotgun events, is the daughter of the IFS officer.Aman Gupta, a science student from Campion School, stood second in the city with 97% and Shubham Chandak, the IIT rank holder from Bhopal, stayed at third place in the city with 96.6%.Talking to TOI, Varsha said, \"I was hoping good marks. In fact, even more.\"A professional shooter, Varsha, recounted how she managed to strike a balance between shooting and studies without devoting time to only one at the expense of other. \"Both need a lot of time. Being a commerce student, I had to be in touch with books. Between practising and competitions, I would study. I was never away from studies.\"The 'head girl' of the school would attend school, whenever in the city. \"Being a part of the national team keeps me out of the city quite often. I also couldn't appear for the CLAT, because the exam dates were clashing with one of the tournaments,\" said the topper, who wants to pursue law in future. \"I would probably apply abroad for a law course. Also, I'm keeping my fingers crossed for Delhi University (DU) which has a quota for shooters,\" said Varsha.\"My parents and my school deserve full credit for my success, \"said the daughter of chief conservator of forest (Bhopal) Vinay Varman.Aman with 97% has also cracked the IITJEE with the 1303 all-India rank. \"I used to put in 12-14 hours during exams. Also, the IIJEE preparation helped in my PCM subjects. You need to be thorough in the NCERT books to do well in board exams,\" said the son of the LIC branch manager.Aman, a teenager with many interests, has an avid interest in photography and history. \"I wish to go to IIT Roorkee because there I would get my desired stream of electrical or mechanical. I would enrol in a photography club with other having similar interests,\" said Aman, who loves to photograph nature. \"20th century history also fascinates me, which is why I may try for Civil Services,\" he added.Aman further said Shubham, the all India 15th of IITJEE who stood third from the city in CBSE merit list and he went together to the same coaching institute. \"I really respect his talent.\"Shubham who scored 96.6 % in the CBSE said, \"You can never predict exactly in the board exams. Still I'm happy with the result.\"Commenting on a difference between the CBSE and IITJEE question papers, Shubham said, \"The board question papers are subjective and less application-based. This makes the difference.\" The son of an assistant general manager of the State Bank of India (SBI), Shubham said, preparing for the board exams wasn't difficult as he was a regular student in school and had all the notes.Principal of Sagar Public School Dr Jayshree Kunwar claimed that the school had cent per cent results. In all 104 students had appeared for the board exam inclusive of science and commerce streams. Nine students secured above 90% marks. Similarly, St Joseph's Convent where 276 students had taken the CBSE exams secured 100% pass marks. St Xavier's Secondary School, BHEL and Carmel Convent, Ratanpur also had cent per cent results. The latter had 14 students who bagged above 90 % marks.Pass percentage of Delhi Public School (DPS) was 99.5 % informed principal Ajay Sharma. Similarly, 98% students of Kendriya Vidyalaya no 2 secured pass marks in the board exams, according to Preeti Saxena principal of the school. International Public School principal PS Kalra stated that Sathak Jain was the first from school with 90.4 %. Paridhi Asthana came first from Mother Teresa School with 93 % in Science stream while Uneza Khan from St Mary's Convent School bagged the top spot in her school with 93.6 %. Aman Rusia scored 88.8 % and stood first from St Thomas Convent School while Mayur Jain from Red Rose School secured 83.6 % in the CBSE exams.Around 5,000 students appeared from the state capital for the CBSE XII exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13614650", "title": "Tourists keep off Hyderabad spots wary of Jagan developments", "text": "HYDERABAD: Ripples of Jagan's arrest were felt in the Old City as a possible reactionary disturbance remained the overriding concern among tourists. The area on the south side of the Musi witnessed a drop in tourist activity on Monday. Though shops remained open for business, they failed to set cash registers ringing. Traffic density too was low all through the day.\"There was very little business today because of Jagan's arrest and the developments. Usually, this part of town is insulated from calls for bandhs from other areas. The Old City had remained largely unaffected by bandhs called by Telengana agitators. Even though shops are open, there is a bandh-like atmosphere here,\" said Shailender Kumar, a perfume seller at Pathergatti.Ticket sales at Charminar remained cold. Officials pointed out that the symbol of the city is visited by around 8,000 tourists everyday but there was a 40 per cent drop in ticket sales on Monday. Sources said that only 4,600 tickets were sold throughout the day. The parking lot at Nizamia General Hospital in Charminar which plays host to visitor's vehicles saw only 25 vehicles coming through the gates as against the daily average of 200.Salar Jung Museum officials said that tourist activity fell by around 50 per cent. They added that around 800 tourists had clocked in till 5 pm as against the usual captive footfall of 1,800 to 2,000 per day. An official said that on an average 200 four-wheelers and 60 two-wheelers check in at the museum gates everyday. But on Monday the numbers dwindled to 95 four-wheelers and only 13 two-wheelers.Jewellers from Gulzar Houz said that there was more than a 20 per cent drop in sales. Jitender Agarwal from Charkaman Sarafa Association said, \"Customers from places like Banjara Hills and Somajiguda didn't come to my shop because they thought that it was closed on account of the bandh. Business is definitely slow today.\"Meanwhile, Nampally bore the likeness of an impregnable fortress due to the heavy police bandobust. Police vans and Rapid Action Force teams were deployed at several points. Roads leading from areas such as Lakdi-ka-Pul, Bazaar Guard and Red Hills to the Criminal Court were barricaded. Residents of Gol Chaman in Red Rills near the Criminal Court were seen convincing police to let them pass through. Many were forced to take alternate routes to reach their homes. Business establishments on the Bazaar Guard crossroads-Nampally dargah crossroads stretch remained open but registered low footfall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "dindigul", "code": "13618379", "title": "Man kills parents over property dispute", "text": "DINDIGUL: A 30-year-old man brutally murdered his aged parents over a property dispute in Dindigul on Monday morning. The accused B Lingasamy had hit his father and mother with a spade leaving them dead. Police have launched a hunt for Lingasamy who fled the spot after the murder. The deceased were identified as Bose (61) of Muthukamanpatti near Nilakottai and his wife Pottiammal (58).Police said that Bose had recently divided his farm and gave the property to his sons Lingusamy and Venkateswaran (32) who were married and living separately. Ever since the handing over of the property, Lingusamy was complaining that his brother got more share than him. He often picked up quarrels with his father demanding and equal share.\"In the morning, Lingusamy went to his father in an inebriated state and started quarrelling again demanding more share of the farm. As Lingusamy started addressing his father in a disrespectful manner, his brother Venkateswaram stepped in and attempted to pacify him. But a furious Lingusamy picked up a spade lying there and attacked Bose,\" said a police officer.When his mother Pottiammal came to the rescue of Bose, Lingusamy attacked her too. Bose and Pottiammal suffered fatal head injuries and collapsed in a pool of blood. Even as a shocked Venkateswaran rushed to their rescue, Lingusamy managed to escape from the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13620611", "title": "Chandigarh youth ranks 1st in common law test", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On a day when Chandigarh was tickled pink by its students who topped all four streams in CBSE Class XII, another youth brought laurels to it by securing an all India first rank in Common Law Admission Test (CLAT), the result of which was declared on Monday.Scoring 159 marks of 200, Anad Singh Miglani, a student of Vivek High School and son of a Punjab cadre IAS officer, has made his family and city proud. For Miglanis, it was time for double celebration as Anad has also obtained 91% in CBSE Class XII commerce stream.About 25,800 candidates from across the country had appeared in CLAT, an entrance exam conducted for admission to premier Indian law colleges. Besides Anad, Sarthak Gupta of the city has secured an all India fourth rank.So what brought Anad success? \"Working diligently towards my goal paid off. I have always dreamed to be a lawyer and legal studies have always interested me,'' Anad said.On his stress-buster recipe, he said, \"A good sleep helps me relax, there is nothing like it.\" With his eyes set on National Law School, Bangalore, Anad hopes to be a leading lawyer one day.For his parents, his achievement has been a dream come true. \"My wife Gurjot and I never forced him to study. He is a self-motivated child, who knows hard work brings success,'' preened his father Arunjit Singh Miglani.Sarthak, a student of Bhartiya Vidya Bhawan, Sector 27, said his inquiring mind and interest in general knowledge helped him clear the exam with flying colours. Besides, he has scored 94% in Class XII (commerce steam).\"Since childhood I have one dream -- to be a lawyer. I have been studying for the entrance exam since I was in Class XI,\" said Sarthak, who has also cleared an entrance test conducted by Delhi University for its law school.The two had been preparing for CLAT since one-and-a-half years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13632562", "title": "Madhubala lives up to the hype!", "text": "Madhubala- Ek Ishq Ek Junoon that debuted on Colors TV last night has lived up to all the hype and expectations!This show is grand in every sense, from the star cast to the sets (shot in Ramoji Film City), to the theme and even the shooting sequences. On last night's episode, we see badi dai (Sushmita Mukherjee) saving Padmini (Pallavi Purohit) from the clutches of her mother in-law (Shagufta Ali) and husband Balraj (Raj Zutshi). Dai purposely predicts that Padmini will have a baby boy in order to save the mother and child's life. On dai's coaxing, a heavily pregnant Padmini escapes to Mumbai with her daughter Trishna. (Trishna is not Padmini's child but is Balraj's daughter from his first marriage).What follows is a chase sequence between Padmini and Balraj's men who follow her all the way to Mumbai. Padmini finally manages to escape from Balraj's men and lands up at Natraj Studios unknowingly. The episode ends with Padmini fainting. Speaking about her character Padmini on the show, Pallavi says, \"My character is much suppressed and undergoes a lot of trauma. But at the same time, Padmini is very positive and will become strong\" further adding, \"I'm a mother who is worried about her child and in my case it's a girl! So many women in India are worried about giving birth to a girl child. So I'm sure audiences will accept me 100% because a lot of women can relate to my struggle and my character\". Interestingly, in tonight's episode (29th May 2012), the co-coordinator at Natraj Studio will realize that Padmini is not a junior artist.The build up to the show has been fantastic and the first episode has been gripping from the beginning to the end which is a very good sign. But the highlight throughout the entire episode has been the sheer acting performances by Sushmita Banerjee, Raj Zutshi (who manages to creep audiences), Pallavi Purohit and Shagufta Ali. Kudo's to them! Madhubala- Ek Ishq Ek Junoon is a magnum opus on the small screen. It's a show that's truly in a movie format, just serialized for television.Contrary to popular belief, Madhubala- Ek Ishq Ek Junoon is not based on the life of the yesteryear actress Madhubala and veteran actor Dilip Kumar . Pallavi adds, \" Madhubala is a tribute to 100 years of Indian cinema! The show will focus on what happens after a film's pack up. Madhubala will also show all the people involved in a film's process from spot boys to cameramen to junior artists to fight masters and just about everybody!With such brilliant performances, can't wait for Vivian and Drashti's entry on the show!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13617579", "title": "3 students held for stealing school computer", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have arrested three students for stealing a computer from their school in Tirumullaivoyal on Sunday.Police picked up three students of classes 9 and 10 at the government higher secondary school, who were suspected of stealing the system. During questioning, they confessed. Based on this, police recovered the stolen computer from one of their houses.The students sneaked into the administration building a week ago and escaped with a computer. A staff noticed the theft the next day and complained to the headmaster.Inquiries revealed the three suspected students had visited the school late in the night before the theft was reported. Tirumullaivoyal police arrested the three students and were later taken to a juvenile home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13618089", "title": "Three cops held for raping minor inside police post", "text": "LUCKNOW: Three police constables and their civilian friend were arrested and sent to jail in Budaun in connection with the rape of a minor girl inside a police outpost late in the night on Sunday. Allegations are that the victim and her maternal grandfather were brought to the police outpost after the locals near Durgah Barde Sarkar got suspicious of their behaviour and informed the police. At the police outpost, the cops first allegedly demanded Rs 20,000 from the duo to let them free. When the two expressed their inability to meet their demands, the cops allegedly assaulted the old man while their civilian friend raped her at the police outpost itself.The accused were however arrested when the same locals who had handed her over to the police, overheard her cries from inside the police outpost and informed the senior officials who reached the site and caught the accused red handed. Police then registered a case of rape and assault against three police constables on duty at the police outpost and their civilian friend involved in the crime. The four accused were later sent to jail.A native of Rampur district, the minor girl had come to Budaun to visit Durgah Barde Sarkar situated in Lal Pul area under Kotwali police circle on Sunday evening. Two constables from the Lal Pul police outpost under Kotwali city police station - later identified as Ausaaf Ali and Majid Hussain - arrived at the scene on a motorcycle and brought the duo to the police outpost, a couple of hundred meters away from the Durgah. After sustained grilling, the cops allegedly demanded Rs 20,000 from the duo to set them free. When they expressed their inability to pay the cops, the two cops left the site leaving behind constable Sumit Kumar at the outpost on watch duty.According to the victim, shortly thereafter constable Sumit once again started questioning the duo when he was joined by one Gopal - later identified as a local resident and a friend of the cops. Allegations are that Gopal started misbehaving with the minor girl, her grandfather objected to it. This left the two so angry that Sumit assaulted the old man while Gopal dragged the girl away to another room.SSP Budaun RK Srivastava said that on the complaint of the girl a case of rape was lodged against the two accused and the other constables who brought the girl to the outpost were also rounded up and arrested as accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13618111", "title": "Petrol price hike: Many dump cars, rush to board public transport", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The latest round of petrol price hike has prompted commuters to dump their vehicles and switch to public transport. In the last four days, over 20,000 commuters have switched over to Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) and the Ahmedabad Municipal Transport service (AMTS).Officials in the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) say the average number of passengers travelling by the BRTS was about 1.08 lakh. Since May 25, this has increased to about 1.13 lakh per day.On May 23, about 1.06 lakh passengers travelled by BRTS and on May 25 this increased to 1.13 lakh. AMC officials say more people will switch giving the fact that more air conditioned buses were being introduced. The traffic will further increase by about 18,000 passengers after schools and colleges reopen.Similarly there was a increase of about 15,000 passengers per day in the AMTS buses. Officials said the daily passenger traffic in AMTS buses was about 9 lakh. This has touched 9.20 lakh ever since the petrol prices were hiked. Rajesh Patel, who stays near Subhash Bridge says, \"I have to travel from Chandkheda to Paldi. I earlier used my two-wheeler but with the increase in the petrol prices, I have decided to use the BRT. I walk for nearly 500 metre to board a BRTS bus.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13623438", "title": "Pitch dark bypass stretch leading to road accidents", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The road accident on Sunday that killed two children and left two others injured near the Thondayad bypass junction has thrown the spotlight on the poor state of the Ramanattukara-Pooladikunnu NH 17 bypass.Adarsh (7) and Goutham Krishna (10) were killed when a jeep rammed into the rear side of the motorcycle on which they were travelling.The kid's father Gopakumar and his daughter Arathi (12) were injured and are being treated at the medical college hospital. The police are looking for the jeep which left the accident scene without stopping.As many as 17 lives were lost in accidents in the stretch last year. In the last five months itself nine lives were lost in various accidents on the stretch.Traffic inspector A V Pradeep said that most fatal accidents took place during nights and the main reason for this is the absence of streetlights on the 23-km-long stretch of the bypass, which was opened for traffic 10 years ago.\"We had written to the corporation and the national highway authorities several times to install street lights but nothing has happened so far. Also the straight road is an open invitation for road rage,\" he said.Traffic police sources said that though they have deployed mobile radar units to check speeding vehicles, it is not effective during night.The heavy volume of traffic on the bypass, a major route for vehicles proceeding to and from the Karipur Airport and the medical college, is another reason for the recurring mishaps. Impediments in land acquisition have also delayed NHAI project to turn the highway into a four-lane road.Saji Kumar, a resident of Jawahar Nagar near the bypass, said the road is a blind stretch in the night.\"More accidents will take place unless the government takes steps to build flyovers in the junctions at Malapparamba, Thondayad and Eranhipalam,\" he said.Sasikumar PN, executive engineer, NH Division of the public works department, blamed the civic body for not installing street lights in the bypass stretch.Corporation mayor AK Premajam said the civic body is yet to take a decision on the issue. \"We have to formulate a project and find funding for the project,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13621827", "title": "Music kept us going: Toppers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Music was the most sought entity, which helped class XII toppers to beat the stress. While some students hooked on to music when they took a break from studying, others solved questions pertaining to mathematics enjoying their favourite songs.Aksha Srivastava, a top ranker spent her time apart from studies listening to soft melodies. \"It is soothing to the ears. It was the best way to relieve myself from the board stress. Listening to my favourite tracks rejuvenated my soul and I regained the lost energy to start work again,\" said Aksha. Spending a strenuous day after attending school, coaching classes, Sarbjot Singh found music as the medium to revitalise himself. \"I listened to music while solving complex numerical problems,\" Sarbjot said.Giving credit to music, Apurva Tewari said, \"I think music especially Sufi songs, helped me securing good rank. Whenever I felt stressed out, I turned on the songs which infused a lease of life in me,\" said Apurva.Another 90% scorer, Shakshi Singh preferred watching songs on television. \"I always look upto music to ease me out. It gives me the rhythm and energy to start afresh and refurbish my mind,\" said Shakshi. Similarly, music acted as a lifeline for Srishti Verma during her exams, which boosted her with enthusiasm to work hard. \"The only thing I requested my mom was to gift me an I-pod, so that I can study without feeling any pressure,\" said Srishti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13614234", "title": "4 students in MP board merit", "text": "INDORE: The results for the class XII board exams conducted by the Madhya Pradesh Board of Secondary Education were declared on Monday with none of the students from Indore securing merit position in Science and Humanities stream.However, four girls brought laurels to the city by securing merit positions in commerce group. Nandini Mehta, Priya Jain, Rashi Bhatt and Surabhi Hetwal from the city secured third, fifth, sixth and eighth position respectively.According to official data released by the board office, nearly 34 students in science stream made it to the top ten positions with students from Datia, Dewas, Ratlam and Damoh district. In commerce stream, 15 students and 13 students in humanities stream made it in the merit list of the board.As per the district wise merit list released, four students, Tarun Sisodiya, Rani Gaikwad, Pooja Solanki and Kailash Jain from from the district secured top three positions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13616539", "title": "National Institute of Design boost for khadi, rural products", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The khadi you wear and the scented oils and soaps you use might now come from the villages of the country. These products, with fine packaging and attractive designs, will not only serve to urban market but also provide livelihood to thousands of artisans working on the indigenous designs.With National Institute of Design (NID) and Khadi and Village Industries Commission (KVIC) joining hands to establish 'KVIC-NID Design Innovation Centre' at NID, the idea will materialise. A memorandum of understanding (MoU) for the same was signed by NID director Pradyumna Vyas and KVIC CEO DC Patnaik in Ahmedabad on Saturday in presence of KVIC chairman Devendrakumar Desai.NID officials said that the MoU aims at a strategic alliance between KVIC and NID. KVIC is a grassroots network of workers and artisans of khadi and village industry. NID can empower them by reinforcing best design practices with participation of young designers, design service providers and design professionals.The MoU chalks out the agenda where the innovation center will work for need assessment, product development, technology upgradation, developing standardization and quality assurance norms, packaging design and promotional strategies for khadi and village industry products.\"We have gone in for an agreement where NID will offer student and faculty support to the prolific khadi industry in the arena of packaging, branding, retail and product design for hastening development in rural India, where benefits will accrue at the micro and macro levels. Like NID is a multidisciplinary institute, KVIC also works on a number of sectors. Thus, the benefits from the project will be mutual. While the students and faculty will enrich the rural sector, they will be exposed to indigenous designs and solutions,\" said Vyas.According to officials, the rural market is untapped segment that can be supported by modern solutions. While common perception about the rural products get limited to fabrics, incense sticks, leather products or eatables such as honey and spices, officials said that there are number of products that can be packaged and redesigned for larger market.The khadi and village industry provides employment to population of more than 1 crore, stated KVIC figures. NID will help giving image makeover to Khadi and other fabric by the project.\"We are hopeful of starting the centre by next academic year. It is a five-year project that will be implemented in phase-wise manner,\" said Vyas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13624882", "title": "Stream on Bombay Engineering Group campus tampered with, says Pune Municipal Corporation", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation's city engineer has written a letter to the chief executive officer of Khadki Cantonment Board alleging that a natural stream on the Bombay Engineering Group campus has been tampered with. The PMC has sought permission for channelling/piping of the storm water drain to clean it.\"It is observed that the natural water stream carrying storm water has been tampered with on the BEG campus along Alandi Road during the construction of the married accommodation project (MAP) building. This is the main storm water stream having catchments on its upstream side and carries large quantity of storm water to the Mula river. During the monsoon, it is most likely to cause waterlogging in its upstream areas which will include the entire BEG/MAP campus and adjacent residential buildings along Alandi Road. The natural ground topography does not allow us to divert it away from your campus,\" states the letter written by city engineer Prashant Waghmare, dated May 17.\"In order of to avoid a disastrous situation, the PMC is ready, with appropriate budgetary provisions and engineering design, to undertake proper channelling/piping works on the BEG campus,\" the letter adds.The letter adds that the monsoon was round the corner and, therefore, there is a need to expedite this work. \"The stream would be channelled from Alandi Road to Lokmanya Tilak Road up to the 'gurdwara' near the river on the BEG/MAP campus under your supervision,\" the letter says.When contacted, Khadki Cantonment Board's executive engineer Arun Godbole said that the board has forwarded the letter to the BEG. \"The matter is related to the BEG. We have sent the letter to them. Meetings are organized to discuss the matter,\" he said.The defence public relations officer Sanjay Arvikar said, \"Getting the BEG's reaction immediately is not possible now. There is no official public relations officer for BEG.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13614506", "title": "CID officials turn blind eye to probe in theft of Mahatma Gandhi's spectacles", "text": "NAGPUR: The special inquiry report by sleuths of state Criminal Investigation Department (CID) regarding the theft of Mahatma Gandhi's spectacles from Bapu Kuti in Sewagram in Wardha is gathering dust at the agency's Pune headquarters for the last six months. There has been no action on the report, despite many reminders.It is not clear whether the delay is due to political pressure to avoid tarnishing the image of the ashram or an attempt to suppress the facts until the case fades away from public memory.The senior CID officials are not showing any interest in acting upon the inquiry report, which sought permission to arrest persons on whom the agency's special team had laid specific culpability regarding the theft. Sources said trustees and several insiders at Bapu's ashram have been named in the report as responsible for the theft, and CID's special team had sought permission to take them into custody.The CID probe revealed there was constant email communication between the person described as the 'custodian' of the key of the room where the specs were kept and a French national. This French national, learnt to be a teacher, had been a regular visitor at the ashram. Emails traced by the CID team also mention this Frenchman had 'gifted' a laptop to the man in charge of the keys. The email interactions before and after the probe started were recovered by CID despite many of them having been deleted from the inbox.Intriguingly, the man with the key also mentions that cops have started inquiring into the specs theft. The French national was also told by this suspect that the police had been asking about him. Sources also said the French national skipped his visit last year after the theft came to fore.The report also mentions the possibility of Gandhiji's specs having been spirited away to France, but the agency top brass is sitting tight.State CID was roped in for the probe after the theft of Bapu's spectacles was reported in 2011, some seven months after they disappeared. The agency believes the theft took place around November 20, 2010. The spectacles were donated by Bapu's granddaughter Nirmalaben.Some ashram trustees and workers under the scanner for the theft are also claiming that the specs stolen were not the real ones. They say it was an unauthenticated piece of memorabilia which one of Gandhiji's kin donated to the ashram.Sewagram Ashram Trust Pratishthan president Madhav Gadkari and trustee Avinash Katade were not contactable despite repeated attempts. Radha Bhatt, chairperson of Sarv Seva Sangh, which oversees the ashram's affairs, said the state CID should go ahead with the probe if they had come across something concrete in terms of evidence.This is not the first theft of Bapu's spectacles. There was a report of Bapu's specs having been stolen from an exhibition at Rajkot in 2010. The specs were allegedly auctioned later in the US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13615916", "title": "With rising dollar, pulses too get dearer", "text": "NAGPUR: The fallout of a rising greenback against rupee has spilt the common man's platter too. Tur dal, the staple source of protein for masses, is making headlines as its prices have spiked yet again - this time due to the dollar.The country, which consumes over 210 lakh tones of pulses in a year, imports 30 to 32 lakh tonnes of the commodity, of which Tur accounts for 25% to 30% of the imports that comes from Myanmar . Since the contracts are settled in dollars, the rising greenback has taken a toll on the prices. Rates of the commodity have seen an increase of over Rs 500 a quintal in a month, now being priced at Rs 68 a kg in retail outlets. Chana dal, which is largely sourced from Australia, has seen a similar jump in the rates.Ironically, tur dal's global prices at $625 a tonne are lower by over $100, as compared to the same period last year. However, a weaker rupee against the dollar has mounted the rates. Traders say that had the dollar remained at the earlier constant level of Rs 48 to 59, tur dal would have not been priced more than Rs 57-60 in the retail market this season. This has not only affected the common man but even the dal millers' (processors) margins have been hit. Due to a high dollar, the rates have surpassed previous year's level.Certain pulses including tur have seen a constant rise in the last one month. \"Tur dal has risen by over Rs 500, touching over Rs 6,200 a quintal in the wholesale market. Similarly, chana dal has seen a jump of around Rs 800, to Rs 5800 a quintal,\" said Pratap Motwani, secretary of The Itwari Grain and Seeds Merchants Association. The retail rates of the pulses boils down to Rs 68 to Rs 70 a kg, said sources in the market.Motwani said minor pulses like batri dal have become dearer by around Rs 500 a quintal (Rs 5 a kg) due to the overall phenomenon. Imported tur plays a key role in the local prices. \"If its rates go up, even the domestic variety follows the trend,\" he said.Manohar Bhojwani, of Dalayu Dal Mills, claims the rising greenback has hit processing margins. \"Had the rupee not weakened to this extent, tur dal in the domestic markets would have been easily priced at Rs 55 a kg,\" he said.Motwani expects a further bullish trend ahead for this commodity. Prices will be fuelled by both, due to dollar as well as other market factors. The Andhra Pradesh government is expected to issue a tender of around 2 lakh tonne to be sold through public distribution system (PDS). This will take away a chunk of supply from he open market and in turn increase the prices. There are plans to increase the minimum support price for pulses by around Rs 1000.Fresh sowing of pulses is expected to go down to as farmers are shifting to soyabean and other crops. This may finally lead to the prices firming up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13617508", "title": "Eleven arrested for selling IPL tickets", "text": "CHENNAI: Special police teams formed to crack down on betting and illegal sale of tickets during the IPL finals in city arrested a cellphone accessories shop owner for selling tickets in black at his shop in Elephant Gate near Georgetown. Ten other men were also arrested for selling tickets at a premium.Police said Amit Kumar, 19, had been arrested on a tip-off from customers who had purchased tickets from himat exorbitant rates.\"Kumar ran the shop with his partner Kunal. They bought tickets in bulk and sold them at a premium,\" an investigating officer said. \"We received information on what was happening and we caught them red-handed in a raid. They tickets were in the shop's cash box.\"The shop was buzzing with activity on Saturday and Sunday and the shop remained open later than usual, he said. \"Kumar was selling 500-worth tickets for 2,500 and 700-worth tickets at 3,500,\" the officer said. \"We seized 40 tickets and 58,000 from him. He also sold complimentary tickets that he had procured.\"Police teams arrested 10 others caught selling IPL tickets outside the Chepauk stadium on Sunday.The men reportedly bought the tickets at the counters and sold them in black near the venue. Policemen seized 30 tickets from them. They told police that they bought the tickets from some agents in Parrys and Triplicane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13635759", "title": "New technique may help build artificial tissues", "text": "WASHINGTON: Researchers have come up with a method that replicates biological cell-to-cell adhesion, which could also have industrial applications.This system, created in the laboratory of Jasna Brujic, an assistant professor in NYU's Department of Physics and part of its Center for Soft Matter Research, is an oil-in-water solution whose surface properties imitate those found on biological cells.Specifically, adhesion between compressed oil droplets imitate the mechanical properties of tissues and opens the path to numerous practical applications, ranging from biocompatible cosmetics to artificial tissue engineering. Earlier, Brujic's laboratory has determined how spheres pack and devised methods for manipulating the packing process.In this study, Brujic and her research team sought to construct a method that would address the role of packing in tissues from the point of view of how mechanical forces affect protein-protein adhesion between cells. In biology, cell-to-cell adhesion is crucial to the integrity of tissue structure, as cells must come together and stick in order to ensure tissue cohesion.However, the daunting complexity of biological systems has prevented their description using general theoretical concepts taken from the physical sciences for a long time now.For this reason, the research team devised an original biomimetic solution, or emulsion, that reproduces the main features of cell-to-cell adhesion in tissues.Emulsions form the basis for a range of consumer products, which included butter, ice cream, and milk.In addition, the emulsion in the study is tuned to match the attractive and repulsive interactions that govern the bond between cells.The experimental conditions have revealed that the conditions under which pushing forces are necessary to create adhesion.By varying the quantity of force by which the droplets of oil were compressed by centrifugation and the amount of salt added to this solution, the NYU team was able to isolate the optimal conditions for cell-to-cell adhesion.Screening electrostatic charges by adding salt and compressing the droplets by force boosts protein-protein interactions on the droplet surfaces.This then leads to adhesion between contacting droplets covering all the interfaces, just as in the case of biological tissues.Their results, which matched the researchers' theoretical modeling of the process, also offer a technique for manipulating force and pressure in order to bind emulsions.This serves as a starting point for enriching a range of consumer products, by reconfiguring their molecular make-up to enhance consistency and function, and for improving pharmaceuticals, by encouraging the delivery of therapeutic molecules to the blood stream.This study has been published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13620106", "title": "Private schools shine but Delhi is still No. 2", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi retained its second position in the Class XII exams with 85.40% students finally passing from school on Monday. Only Chennai was ahead with a pass percentage of 90.59%. In fact, girls in Delhi beat boys by a whopping margin of 9% this year.The pass percentage of girls in Delhi region was recorded to be 90.06% while pass percentage of boys dipped to 81.14% from 81.58% last year. The total pass percentage of the Delhi region has also decreased marginally by 0.05% this year. While 87.7 % students in government schools cleared Class XII exams, the pass percentage of private school in the city improved from 89.71% in 2011 to 90% this year. A total of 72,690 students appeared from private schools and 1,21,250 were enrolled in city government schools.Among private schools in the city, Kshitij Jain from DPS R K Puram topped in science stream with 98%, Himanshi Khatri ranked first in commerce with 97.8% and Riya Sharma scored 97.6% to top in the humanities stream. Vishakha from Rajkiya Pratibha Vikas Vidyalaya at Paschim Vihar and Namita from RPVV, Dwarka were tied at 96.6% to top among the government schools.Besides toppers, many private schools had a flurry of achievers with 100% marks in individual subjects. At Vasant Valley School, Nidhi Jain scored 100% in mathematics and psychology, Pihu Yadav scored 100% in mathematics and Vallari Cariappa and Mona Nooreyzdan scored a perfect 100 in psychology. Sixty-one students out of 101 scored an average of above 90%.At DPS Dwarka, 14 students have secured above 95%, 96 students above 90% and 198 students scored above 80%. The school toppers are Kavya Saxena with 97% in commerce stream, Aneesh Pasricha who secured 96.4% in science stream. All of the 268 students secured the first division.At DPS Vasant Kunj, 33 students scored above 95%. Springdales School, Pusa Road had nine students with a perfect 100 in individual subjects. In fact, humanities topper Rita Sharma scored 100% in political science which is a rarity considering the theoretical nature of the subject, principal Ameeta Mulla Wattal said.The pass percentage of private schools in the country was 80.11%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13614820", "title": "Paritala case set to haunt Jaganmohan Reddy", "text": "HYDERABAD: The ghost of Paritala Ravindra is all set to haunt beleaguered Jaganmohan Reddy what with the slain TDP MLA's widow, Sunita, seeking a fresh probe into his murder. What's worse, even chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy on Monday tried to turn the tables on Jagan by asking why his mother Vijayamma was making a big issue of CBI's arrest of Jagan when she had hailed it as a great investigating agency after it cleared her son in the Paritala murder case.After Jagan was named as an accused in the murder of Paritala in 2005, Rajasekhara Reddy, who was then chief minister, ordered a probe by the CBI. The agency later cleared Jagan's name. \"If at that point of time, the CBI was seen to be a neutral agency, why is it that the Jagan family is saying that the CBI is working at the behest of the Congress or the state government in the illegal assets case,\" Kiran sought to know.As if on cue widow Sunita, a TDP MLA, announced that she would launch a fast-unto-death. Her demand: a fresh look at Jagan's role in the murder. Insiders said Sunita's hunger strike drama is a ploy to deflect the efforts of Vijayamma, who is trying to garner public sympathy from the arrest of her son. Sunita, who alleged that Jagan had conspired with factionist Maddelacheruvu Suri to eliminate her husband, said he escaped, thanks to the intervention of YSR, who \"ensured\" that the CBI deleted his son's name from the FIR.For those who came in late, Paritala Ravi was a major force in Rayalaseema when he was gunned down near his party office in Anantapur in January 2005. Later his killers - factionist Suri and sharp-shooter Moddu Sreenu - were also killed. Rumours were rife that Jagan had engaged Suri to get rid of Ravi so that TDP would be decimated in the district.What must have come as a rude shock to Jagan and his close followers was the CM's harsh remarks that starting initially from 'economic offences', he (read Jagan) had grown up to gang up with killers, gun-runners and criminals to amass wealth. Meanwhile, Jagan's arrest prompted celebrations among the followers of Paritala Ravi. They distributed sweets in Rapthadu, Penukonda and Anantapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13614892", "title": "Power cuts to have fixed schedules in Noida", "text": "NOIDA: After facing flak from residents of the city over unscheduled power cuts taking place several times in a day, Paschimanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Limited (PVVNL), the power distribution utility of Noida, has finally prepared and implemented a schedule for loadshedding from Monday. The roster mandates fixed-hour power cuts across different sectors of the city in a 24-hour cycle. The power company will also put up this schedule on its website for the perusal of consumers.\"The schedule has been devised after the transmission wing of our department consulted with all electricity divisions of the city so that minimal inconvenience is caused to power consumers across Noida,\" said superintendent engineer of PVVNL, CL Gupta.\"Frequent and undeclared power cuts on account of increased load is expected to be nullified by this arrangement. We have also beefed up our resources to immediately press our maintenance officials to duty in case of accidental tripping of power,\" added Gupta.Over the past several weeks this summer, as the mercury rose to new heights with each passing day, residents across several sectors of the city had been grimacing at the power distribution utility of Noida for resorting to unscheduled power outages. This not only put their daily activities in jeopardy, but also forced them to run up huge fuel bills for running generator sets.The power company has informed that this loadshedding schedule will be applicable for the months of May-June, 2012.Loadshedding will be conducted phase-wise from the 16 33KV sub-stations in the city which transmit power from the three 132KV substations - located in Sectors 45, 62 and 66 - to different blocks in various sectors and rural areas of Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13614914", "title": "Andhra Pradesh high court strikes down 4.5% sub-quota for minorities", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Andhra Pradesh high court on Monday set aside a controversial central government order, providing OBC minorities a sub-quota of 4.5% in central educational institutions and public sector establishments on the grounds that it has been implemented based on religious grounds and not on the 'backwardness' of the intended beneficiaries.The Centre had on December 22, 2011 issued two memos providing 4.5% reservation for OBC minorities within the 27% OBC quota in central education institutions and central government jobs. The OBCs opposed the move contending that it is pegged purely on religious grounds and eats into their share of quota.In Andhra Pradesh, R Krishaniah of AP State Backward Classes Association filed a petition in the high court on January 2, contending that the move is discriminatory on religious grounds and hence violates the Constitution.While disposing of the petition on Monday, the special bench comprising Chief Justice Madan B Lokur and Justice Sanjay Kumar , pointed out that the government order violates Articles 15(1) and 16(2) of the Constitution. While Article 15(1) prevents the state from discriminating against a citizen based on religion, race, caste, sex, descent, place of birth, or residence, Article 16(2) states that no discrimination on these grounds can be shown by the state in government recruitments.The court also agreed with the petitioner that articles 15(5) and 16(4) do not support the order of reservation as contended by the government. Article 15 (5) allows the state to make special provision, by law, for the advancement of any socially and educationally backward classes of citizens relating to their admission to educational institutions including private institutions. Article 16(4) allows the state to make provisions for reservation in appointments or posts in favour of any backward classes which is not adequately represented in government services. Maintaining that reservations are purely meant for emancipation of backward classes, the court noted that the Centre had failed to satisfactorily show that the intended beneficiaries were more backward than the rest of OBCs to warrant preferential treatment.In the court order, the bench remarked, \"The very use of words 'belonging to minorities' or 'for minorities' indicates that the sub-quota has been carved out only on religious lines and not on any intelligible basis.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13619450", "title": "AIADMK councillors accuse mayor of misusing position", "text": "COIMBATORE: Fissures within the ruling party in the city corporation came to the fore with 45 AIADMK councillors shooting off a letter recently to chief minister J Jayalalithaa accusing mayor SM Velusamy, who is also the district secretary of the party, of misusing his official position.This is the first time that the elected councillors have openly resorted to convey their disgruntlement towards their party chief after the new council got elected last October.The anti-mayor faction in the council has listed nine charges against Velusamy, including unofficial entry into a truce with former DMK-Congress council members and DMK heavyweights immediately after he assumed office.During the election campaign meetings, they pointed out, Jayalalithaa told voters she would take strict action against those who indulged in mismanagement of city corporation funds in the name of the World Classical Tamil Conference in 2010. But after Velusamy took over as mayor, he reportedly ensured that no probe was conducted in the matter. The mayor has been accused of colluding with senior DMK leaders in return for personal gains.A senior AIADMK leader, who is also the council member, said, \"There are some serious issues with the functioning style of the mayor. He is behaving in a very autocratic manner and is also indulging in various arm-twisting tactics to misuse his official position.\"The rebel councillors also alleged that a section of city corporation staff were conducting business in a dubious manner, getting approvals for residential and commercial buildings through arm-twisting tactics. Two specific projects, a shopping mall and a residential apartment complex near Race Course, have been specifically mentioned in the letter.\"Only after paying a certain amount to the mayor and a few corporation officials, these projects get approval. Otherwise, the builders and promoters fear they would be booked under various petty violations,\" said a senior councillor.The councillors have also pointed out in the letter that proper norms were not being followed while awarding major tenders to firms. The main areas of misappropriation reported include road laying works and streetlight maintenance, claimed corporation sources.They also claimed that some of the errant contractors who were earlier pulled up before the council were being rewarded with tenders after they arrived at an understanding with a 'coterie' within the corporation.The mayor has also been accused of belittling the councillors in public and behaving in an autocratic manner in the corporation.The corporation council has 80 elected members from the AIADMK and the party enjoys a whopping majority within the council. The opposition members have constantly accused the mayor of behaving in an undemocratic manner, not allowing them to voice their opinion in the council.However, Velusamy vehemently dismissed all the allegations levelled against him and claimed that it was part of a political ploy directed against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13615708", "title": "BJP retains Amravati council seat", "text": "AMRAVATI: Despite its strong efforts, the Congress could not wrest the legislative council seat from local body constituency in Amravati when BJP candidate Praveen Pote won the poll on Monday. BJP has thus maintained its winning streak since 12 years.Four candidates including BJP candidate Praveen Pote, Congress candidate Bablu Deshmukh, independent candidate Ajay Nawandar and NCP rebel candidate Ganesh Roy were in fray for the poll. A total of 393 voters had exercised their franchise on May 25. Eleven votes were found invalid.In the first round, Pote has got 144 votes while Bablu Deshmukh got 132 votes and independent candidate Ajay Nawandar has got 105 votes. After the first round, quota of 192 votes was fixed. In the second round, Pote secured 50 votes of second preference while Deshmukh secured 24 votes. BJP candidate Praveen Pote was declared winner as he got 194 votes while Deshmukh secured 156 votes.Interestingly, Congress had emerged as single largest party in both Amravati Municipal Corporation and Amravati Zilla Parishad. Despite this majority of its candidates, it failed to win the local body constituency polls. The role of Nationalist Congress Party and other outfits including the RPI-Gavai faction and independents was crucial in the polls.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had campaigned for Bablu Deshmukh. He had convened a meeting of the Congress, NCP and other independent candidates to seek the votes for the Congress. It seems that those who promised CM to support the Congress candidate did not keep their promise.TOI had earlier reported that Congress was apprehensive whether it would get NCP's backing. Sources had also said that NCP leader and former MLA Sulabha Khodke would support Pote, although Khodke herself had denied this possibility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13614574", "title": "Bandh in state evokes lukewarm response", "text": "HYDERABAD: The statewide bandh call given by YSR Congress had little impact on the twin cities with most shops, offices and various other commercial establishments staying open. While some commercial complexes kept their shutters down initially fearing trouble from Jagan supporters, they had opened by afternoon.Offices across the city, including IT firms in Hi-Tec City, recorded almost normal attendance although some reported that employees' turnout on Monday was thinner than usual. The peak hour workday traffic was also much the same, though some busy stretches were not so chock-a-block on Monday. Most petrol pumps, ATMs and pharmacies remained open.The bandh was hardly felt in the entire Secunderabad area including Tarnaka, Habsiguda and the busy commercial areas of Ameerpet, Punjagutta, Himayatnagar, Basheerbagh, Abids stayed open through the day. Autos and RTC buses plied as normal.In the rest of the state, while there was partial response in some rural areas in coastal Andhra, the bandh had no impact in the Telangana region.Hundreds of YSR Congress leaders and workers were taken into preventive custody or put under house arrest, particularly in Rayalaseema and coastal AP. The bandh evoked a poor response in north coastal districts. RTC operated its buses selectively in the morning and by afternoon restored complete services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "13619952", "title": "Global warming: Dozens of streams going dry in Kullu", "text": "MANALI: The debate may be continuing about global warming, but the ground reality here is that dozens of streams and brooks of Kullu district have dried up completely, while many others are about to disappear. Climate change has left dozens of gharats (water mills) useless here in the absence of water.Residents are witnessing that water levels of the streams are gradually going down and eventually the streams disappear. Water levels in all tributaries of Parbati and Beas rivers have decreased. Natural drinking water springs are also thinning out rapidly, they said. Jwani, Rampur, Bari, Kharu, Bainala, Ladinala, Bagarnala, Nagabai, Saininala and dozens of other water streams in Manikaran, Kharahal, Banjar, Aani, Manali and Lag valleys of Kullu have gone extinct in the last three decades. Residents said that insufficient and declining level of snowfall is the main reason behind drying up of water sources.\"Our valley had two gharats -- one at Mahish and another in Tharku village and over 40 villages were dependent on them for getting their grain grinded,\" an elderly from Chansari village, Shiv Ram Sharma, remembers the earlier days. \"Our entire valley now has no water stream to run one gharat. It seems, our new generation would not be lucky enough to see the beautiful Beas river in future and there would be no need to build a bridge on it for safe passage of people.\"Over 25 gharats on Bran nullah, Rampur nullah, Kais streams and Balsari nullah have gone non-operational as water levels were not sufficient enough to rotate the mechanical grinders. Tej Ram Thakur, owner of a gharath, said his 16 year-old grandson could never see their gharat grinding the grain. \"Snow is the source to generate water streams which is disappearing fast. Our village used to get burried under 5 feet of snow 25 years ago, but now we are longing for only one foot. Temperature is increasing and drying up of streams is obvious,\" he said.The area under cultivation is regularly increasing in Kullu and small streams are apparently unable to fulfill the large demand for irrigation water. A web of paved canals has been built in the district but there is not enough water in the streams to feed them and meet the demands of farmers.Scientists say that depleting water sources are the reason for climate change and irregularity in snowfall. \"Some parts are witnessing heavy snowfall while others are recording sharp fall. The overall temperature has recorded a slight rise and the peaks, which used to remain covered with snow all through the year, have no snow owing to human interference. The aerosol particles are playing their role in global warming,\" warned scientist with Kullu-based Govind Ballabh Pant institute of Himalayan Environment and Development, Dr J C Kuniyal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13623085", "title": "Agencies to join hands with corp for city uplift", "text": "Kochi: As part of taking ahead the development projects proposed by Kochi corporation, various agencies based in the city have expressed their willingness to join hands with the local body. The Chamber of Indian Industry (CII), Kerala Chamber of Commerce and Industry (KCCI), INKEL, KITCO and Indian Institute of Architects (IIA)-Kochi chapter have come forward to take up the initiative.These agencies will take forward five projects identified for city development. The decision was taken at the meeting of the budget implementation committee held at the corporation office on Monday. Mayor Tony Chammany had announced the formation of the committee at the time of presenting the budget for 2012-13.Kwill collaborate with the corporation in developing the North-South road corridor in the city. KITCO has agreed to prepare a detailed project report for modification and development of road from Vyttila Mobility Hub to Kunnara Park. At the same time, CII will join hands for city improvement projects, junction improvement and canal cleaning projects. The IIA has already agreed to prepare a detailed project report on designer footpaths.Briefing the proceedings of the meeting, secretary, C-HED, Rajan Chedambathu said that 41 organizations took part in the meeting. The corporation presented 157 proposals made in the budget before the committee. \"Institutions like Indian Institute of Urban Design and Better Kochi Response Group were keen to take up projects. Another city-based organization, Growth Development and Progress, has come forward to develop Subash Park,\" he said. After two weeks, these institutions will get back to the local body with their response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13614402", "title": "Will No.6093 prove lucky for Jaganmohan Reddy?", "text": "HYDERABAD: As soon as prisoner number 6093 entered the Chanchalguda Central Prison on Monday evening, guess what was the hot debate at faraway West Godavari district?The district was agog with the talk of how 'lucky' Jaganmohan Reddy was, thanks to his 6093 prisoner number tag.While Jagan walked into the jail with folded hands and then shook hands with the jail staff, his followers, supporters, YSR Congress workers and common men on the streets in Bhimavaram, Palakollu, Narsapuram, Eluru and other towns in West Godavari were talking about the lucky number 9.\"Prisoner no. 6093 adds up to 9 and number 9 is always considered lucky. Our leader Jagan would come out of the jail victoriously soon,\" exclaimed Janardhan, a Jagan supporter.People believe that number 9 would bail him out.\"The fact that Jagan was given the special category prisoner status on Day 1 itself is good news.\"The numerical number would certainly do wonders for him,\" another follower Srinivas Rao pointed out. Sources said people on the streets in Eluru and Bhimavaram were particularly ecstatic with the granting of 6093 number which they believe would bring luck to their beloved leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13620610", "title": "Punjab Pradesh Congress Committee contests rejection of Congress candidates' papers in civic polls", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking cognizance of a petition filed by Punjab Pradesh Congress Committee (PPCB), alleging harassment and illegal rejection of candidatures of Congress nominees in the elections to civic bodies, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday issued notice to Punjab election commission. The case has been fixed for hearing on Tuesday.In their petition, PPCB and others alleged that candidatures of Congress nominees have been rejected on frivolous and unsuitable grounds like non-attachment of scheduled caste certificate, non-appending of residence certificate, etc.The petitioner has sought directions for deputing an independent observer, along with the nominee of Punjab State Election Commission. Directions have also been sought for videography during the scrutiny of nominations scheduled to be held on May 30.Directions for deployment of central police forces at the polling booths of each ward on the day of polling have also been sought in the petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13637014", "title": "Jagan Mohan Reddy's bail plea adjourned to May 31", "text": "HYDERABAD: After spending Monday night in jail following the court's order of judicial custody till June 11, a special court on Tuesday adjourned hearing on YSR Congress party leader and Kadapa MP Y S Jaganmohan Reddy's bail petition to Thursday in a disproportionate assets case.The CBI court admitted the fresh bail petition for hearing and directed the CBI to file a counter by the next hearing, IANS reported.The court had on Monday dismissed Jagan's bail plea. He was sent to Chanchalguda Jail after being accorded special prisoner status.The YSR Congress Party leader, in his fresh petition filed today, has sought bail on the ground that he wants to campaign for the party in the byelections.Byelections to one Lok Sabha and 18 assembly seats are scheduled to be held June 12.Jagan's lawyers also sought permission from the Andhra Pradesh high court to file a petition challenging his arrest. With the vacation bench granting permission, the quash petition would be filed Wednesday.Terming his arrest as illegal, Jagan has alleged that he was arrested only to keep him away from the poll campaign.In another development, the CBI also sought permission to file a petition seeking Jagan's custody for 14 days. The investigating agency has moved the high court after the CBI court on Monday dismissed its petition.Jagan was arrested by CBI in a disproportionate assets case on Sunday and was lodged in a Hyderabad jail yesterday after a court remanded him in judicial custody for 14 days.EC not to interveneMeanwhile, the Election Commission is understood to have decided not to intervene in the matter concerning the arrest of Jaganmohan Reddy, whose mother has sought his release in view of the coming bypolls in Andhra Pradesh, according to PTI.The three-member Election Commission met today under the chairmanship of Chief Election Commissioner S Y Quraishi and discussed the letter from Y S Vijayalakshmi, YSR Congress honorary president, seeking a direction from the commission for her son's release.Top sources in the EC said the commission was not in a position to do anything in this regard as the matter was sub- judice and a legal process was on.The commission will make clear its position in a communication to Vijayalakshmi, they said.Against this backdrop, Vijayalakshmi had written to the CEC pleading for his release so that Jagan could campaign in the June 12 bypolls to 18 assembly constituencies and one Lok Sabha seat in Andhra Pradesh.The party had also decided yesterday that she would lead the campaign in Jagan's absence.Urging for conduct of free and fair elections, Vijayalakshmi had said, \"I am writing this letter with great hope that you would kindly intervene (in the matter)...\"CBI arrested him (Jagan) on May 27, just 15 days before the by-elections...This is part of a larger conspiracy to deprive his participation in the elections with the sole objective of helping the ruling Congress candidates.\"(Inputs from IANS and PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13619448", "title": "Parel institute to be a ray of hope for newborns", "text": "MUMBAI: The city will soon house one of two Centres of Excellence in the country to diagnose immune deficiency disorders that lakhs of children inherit and die of. Parel's National Institute of Immunohaematology that has painstakingly developed 150 tests over the years to diagnose the disorders, will also be mentoring medical colleges and peripheral hospitals to enhance the diagnostic scenario in the country.Over a million children are born with immunodeficiency disorders or impaired immunity to fight infection during childhood. However, most of these inherited or primary disorders remain under-diagnosed for long, and in most cases the child succumbs to recurrent infections by the age of two. The institute, over five years, has developed specific tests to diagnose the disorders, many of which are genetic.Director Dr Kanjaksha Ghosh told TOI that the institute is the only one in the country to offer over 150 tests to diagnose the disorders. Currently, the institute receives over 200 samples from across the country. \"We are looking at spreading awareness so that more children with such disorders are diagnosed and treated in time,\" he said. \"As a Centre of Excellence, we will also be training more medical colleges to recognize and diagnose the immunodeficiency disorders,\" he said, adding that doctors from KEM, Sion, Nair and several other hospitals will be trained soon.The institute has started offering pre-natal diagnosis too. Deputy director Dr Manisha Madkaikar said, \"In families with a history of such disorders, we can conduct tests to see if the foetus is also affected by the disorder. We provide the results within 18 weeks so that couples have time to decide on their next course of action if the foetus is affected,\" she said. She added that in the last few months about eight families have approached the centre for such diagnosis.Children suffering from any of the immunodeficiency disorders often suffer from recurrent infections, diarrhoea, dermatitis and pneumonia. In severe cases, it becomes life-threatening as symptoms start to show when the child is six months old, and could result in death by two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13613700", "title": "Delhi budget: DTC, clusters to add 1600 buses this year", "text": "NEW DELHI: After making tall claims of improving public transport in the city, Delhi government has announced that it will launch 1,000 buses under its ambitious cluster bus programme by the end of this financial year - by March 2013. The number is significantly short of what was promised way back in 2011 when the government had proposed the scheme.At present, only 265 cluster buses run in the city.Monday's budget, however, has better news for the city in terms of other transport allocations. With an outlay of Rs 3,372 crore - the highest at 22% - the transport sector will also see the government spend Rs 250 crore on roads that have been taken over by the PWD. The allocation should come as a breather for Delhi with the monsoon coming up soon. That's not all. Of the Rs 3,372 crore, PWD will get a healthy Rs 145 crore for not only roads and bridges but also for the Eastern and Western Peripheral Expressway, the trans-Yamuna area development board and the bus rapid transit corridor. For the last, the Delhi government has assigned Rs 3.5 crore for this fiscal. Incidentally, PWD is to build seven BRT corridors in the city.According to the Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit , the Signature Bridge at Wazirabad is slated to be completed by December next year. One carriageway is already opened and the other is expected to be thrown open to traffic in July 2012, says the budget notes. Meanwhile, phase II of the Barapullah Nullah road by-pass, which is expected to decongest the Ring Road and provide an important link to INA market, will be funded by JNNURM at Rs 240 crore.After Ring Road, Outer Ring Road would become signal free with construction of flyovers, road under bridges and partly elevated road section between Vikaspuri and Wazirabad involving a cost of Rs 2,400 crore. This project will take off this financial year, informed Dikshit.Also, DTC's fleet of 3,775 low floor buses will get an addition of 600 new low floor buses. This is to replace the existing 2,000 old buses that have been declared scrap. The budget also talks about expansion of Delhi Metro network with the start of the phase III. Work on the monorail coming up at Trilokpuri is expected to start soon, Dikshit further informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13633191", "title": "Pawan makes it tough for Charan", "text": "When Ram Charan Tej ended the drought of success for mega heroes with \" Racha\", fans thought that he is the man that they should have hopes upon.Charan had earlier made the fans proud with \"Magadheera\" which is still sitting pretty on top and when he scored a blockbuster with a film like \"Racha\", they got a feeling that he is the true successor to Chiranjeevi. Pawan Kalyan's bad track record and Allu Arjun being considered as the second ranked star, Charan looked like the only hope for fans until Pawan Kalyan aka Gabbar Singh arrived.With \"Gabbar Singh\"'s arrival, things suddenly changed as Pawan proved that he is the real Power king of box office with a stunning hit. So Charan will now have competition. Just delivering hits won't do. Charan will have to create a unique mark to impress fans. Charan is already facing competition from Bunny in the dance department. Now with Power star back in form, Charan will have to impress with his acting too. Source: gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13620470", "title": "BMC gives contractors 4 more months to complete civil works", "text": "MUMBAI: For the second time, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) has given an extension to the current batch of civil work contracts (CWC) contractors. The work of the existing contractors was supposed to be completed by March 31 but was extended by two months. However, with the civil works yet to be completed, the civic body's statutory standing committee gave a further extension of four months to the existing contractors to complete the work.Initially, the corporation had agreed to extend the deadline for the 110 contracts by an additional two months only, but corporators argued that the oncoming monsoon would throw a spanner in their work.Dhananjay Pisal, NCP leader and standing committee member, said, \"The extension of two months was not enough to finish the work. With less than a month to go for the monsoon, no civil work can be undertaken. It was thus necessary to give the contractors more time.\"The decision of the standing committee, however, did not go down well with the citizens. Most have expressed their ire over the delay. Aftab Siddiqui, a Khar-based activist, said, \"I do not understand why the administration keeps giving them more time. Each deadline passes by and they are given an extension. The corporation should instead impose a fine on them for such delays.\"Some corporators feel that the administration is using the CWC system against them. Samajwadi Party leader Rais Shaikh said, \"It is unfortunate that the administration is using the CWC to arm-twist corporators and spoil their image in the public eye. They should realize that we have to answer for all the incomplete work.\"The CWC has come under the scanner after the chief accountant (finance)'s department raised caution over the large-scale misappropriation of funds in the system.Several measures were also taken by the former civic chief to plug loopholes before appointing a new set of contractors for a period of two years. The civic body had cut down the number of contractors from 110 to 31 to keep a thorough check on them.CWC deals with all minor ward-level civil works that include repairs and maintenance of internal roads, streetlights, footpaths. Local corporators have a strong influence in the decisions taken in the CWC system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13630007", "title": "Dibakar disappears before the D-day", "text": "Unlike the norm, the director took off for a holiday, days before his film's releaseIt's a given for actors and directors to go around promoting their film prior to its release. However, you can trust director Dibakar Banerjee to buck the trend. He has quietly taken off for a holiday to Himachal Pradesh barely days before the release of his much hyped film Shanghai .Actors Emraan Hashmi and Abhay Deol are at once amused and shocked with their director's disappearing act at such a crucial juncture and have asked him to come back as soon as possible.A source close to the film said Dibakar had finished all the post production of his film and taken off for a holiday, initially without informing anyone. When Emraan and Abhay tried contacting him, they realised he is not in town and busy holidaying. \"Both actors are excited and nervous and want the director to be in town during the film's release. They have asked him to come back as soon as possible, but Dibakar has been delaying and telling them he will be back soon,\" the source said.The source also said Dibakar is expected to return in the coming week. \"While the actors are busy with promotional activities, giving interviews before the film's release, Dibakar just flew down to Delhi for a press conference for a few hours as he had committed to them. Since Delhi is just a twohour flight from the place he is holidaying, he went back after making the appearance.\"When contacted, Emraan said, \"I requested Dibakar to fly back. We need to gear up as we are just two weeks away from the film's release.\"Meanwhile, Dibakar remained unavailable for comment", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13618825", "title": "First week of June to bear Goa Board Class X results", "text": "PANAJI: The Class X results of the Goa Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education are expected to be announced during the first week of June, sources in the Board said.Altogether, 15,562 students had registered for the exam, which was held from March 31 to April 11, 2012, in 24 centres across Goa. This year, the results will be declared in marks as well as grades for the second consecutive year to help students understand the new grading system better. From next year, the Class X and XII exams will do away with the marks system altogether and will only be declared in grades.This year will be the first time when some Class X students will pass out under a state scheme which allows students to take up prevocational subjects instead of science, mathematics and social science.The scheme was introduced to reduce the drop-out rate and enable more students to finish schooling. Students can choose from agriculture, mushroom cultivation, plumbing, electrical repairs and home science among other subjects. The scheme has been implemented in 22 schools in rural areas.Like in the case of Class XII exams, the number of students answering the Class X Goa Board exams is also dropping due to concessions introduced in recent years such as sports merit marks and the internal assessment system.An all-time high pass percentage of 86.5 was recorded at last year's Class X board exams. The Goa Board had attributed this increase to the internal (school) assessment component, which was introduced under the grading system.The good pass percentage may be the reason for a drop in number of students appearing for the Class X exams this year by over a 1,000 students. In 2011, 16,775 students appeared for the exam.At this year's results, the overall pass percentage of students is expected to be as good due to introduction of the prevocational scheme in addition to the other concessions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "nay pyi taw", "code": "13618391", "title": "Bus to Mandalay hits roadblock", "text": "NAY PYI TAW: India and Myanmar on Monday signed 12 agreements and MoUs after the historic meeting between PM Manmohan Singh and President U Thein Sein but conspicuous by its absence in the list of agreements was India's proposal to open a bus route from Imphal to Mandalay.With the government placing connectivity on top of the agenda for the PM's visit, and the Cabinet hurriedly clearing the proposal last week, India was hoping that the agreement for the bus service would be signed during Singh's meeting with Thein Sein. The joint statement, however, did say that the two leaders, keeping in mind the need to increase people-to-people contacts, directed officials concerned from both sides to finalize all modalities to enable its early operationalization.While Myanmar cabinet has not yet given the go-ahead to the project, foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai said after Singh's meeting with Thein Sein that there was no all-weather road now to facilitate the bus service.\"Further, the Myanmar side felt there were certain modalities which needed to be worked out,\" he admitted. Interestingly, Mathai had said last week in Delhi that an MoU for the bus service had already been finalized.One important agreement which did come through was for air services. The agreement not just envisages direct flights to Myanmar from 18 Indian cities but also allows Indian carriers to combine their flights to Myanmar with other destinations in southeast Asia and elsewhere.Yet another MoU which the two countries signed was for India-Myanmar border area development. Under the agreement, Singh announced India's support extending financial assistance of $5 million per year for five years for undertaking small developmental projects such as schools, health centres and dispensaries, small roads and bridges, agriculture and agro-processing projects and related training programmes in the Naga Self Administered Zone (in Sagaing Division bordering Manipur) and the Chin State (bordering Mizoram) in Myanmar.The two countries also signed an MoU between Exim Bank and Myanmar Foreign Trade Bank to facilitate the $500 million credit line to Myanmar announced by India last year. While the visit did not see any announcement about opening of new border trade points by the two countries, they did sign an MoU for establishment of border haats in Arunachal Pradesh like those on the India-Bangladesh border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "13623094", "title": "Brother of doctor who helped trace Osama appeals for fair trial", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The brother of Dr Shakeel Afridi, who was sentenced to 33 years in jail by a secretive tribal court in northwestern Pakistan for helping the CIA hunt Osama bin Laden , has called on the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court on Monday to intervene and take a suo moto action against the \"one-sided judgment\" .Jameel Afridi said that the appeal process against the tribal court's decision is being held up as the authorities have not released a copy of the conviction. \"I appeal to the Chief Justice to provide us security and help us exercise our right of appeal,\" Shakeel's elder brother Jameel told a press conference in Peshawar .Jameel said: \"My brother is not a traitor, he is a patriot. The sentence is one-sided . We will file an appeal against this illegal verdict.\" To questions about US statements claiming otherwise, Jameel said that it would be best to ask the US from where they got their information.\"Shakeel has done nothing against Pakistan and was never involved with anything related to Osama bin Laden,\" he said. \"My brother and our family had US visas and we could have fled from the country if he had committed any crime. The family is still in Pakistan,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13632988", "title": "KKR players get grand welcome in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Around one thousand frenzied supporters gathered and danced well past midnight as the players of the newly-crowned IPL champions Kolkata Knight Riders and team owners arrived from Chennai in two batches at the NSC Bose International Airport here.Skipper Gautam Gambhir's three Bengali words \"ami Kolkatar chhele\" (I am son of the city) won the hearts of fans gathered to welcome 'home' the Knight Riders who beat two-time defending champions Chennai Super Kings to win their maiden title in five appearances.\"Thank you very much for your support,\" Gambhir added as the crowd danced to the drum beats when the team members arrived around 10.30pm on Monday night.Venky Mysore, the CEO of the Knight Riders, and coach Trevor Bayliss were among those on the crowded makeshift dais just outside the VIP Gate number five.\"I just want to say that we are very, very proud of the team. They have done a fantastic job under the captaincy of Gautam Gambhir . I want to thank you all for your support. I also want to thank our head coach Trevor Bayliss and Vijay Dahiya... he is hiding there, our assistant coach,\" Mysore said.As many as 54 passengers on the Chennai-Calcutta flight were from the KKR contingent, including the families of some of the players and the support staff. The foreign players in the team didn't board the flight.Team owners Shah Rukh Khan, Jay Mehta and Juhi Chawla arrived around 11.45 pm as they were thrilled at the crowd response late into the night.Chawla, dressed in a maroon top and white trousers, said, \"It feels really special to see you people here every time. It's because of your support we could win the title. I thank Chief Minister ( Mamata Banerjee ) for the grand welcome.\"Shah Rukh Khan also joined in and said, \"From today, KKR belongs to Bengal...Thank you very much for your support. We're extremely happy to see all of you here.\"There were also a bevy of Trinamool Congress ministers, party leaders and officials of the Cricket Association of Bengal who were waiting with bouquets and garlands as they jostled for the limelight on the makeshift dias.For many of the fans, however, it was a long wait as the news earlier was that the team members were landing at 7am but only to learn later that they would arrive in two batches with more than three hours delay.But they waited patiently, dancing to the drum beats and waving KKR flags.Slogans like 'Three cheers for KKR, hip hip hurrah', 'KKR, KKR', 'Shah Rukh, Shah Rukh' rent the air as fans dressed in KKR jersey and carrying purple flags gathered at the airport.Many had come with life-size posters of Shah Rukh Khan and team captain Gautam Gambhir. There were also posters with congratulatory messages.Sandhya Dubey was part of a 10-member family who had come to welcome the players.\"We love cricket and we live in Kolkata for more than three decades. The love for the Knight Riders is obvious. The final was so exciting that we could not resist coming to the airport to cheer for our champions,\" she said with her children shouting 'KKR... KKR'.40-year-old Ajit Kundu had come from Bhowanipore with KKR colours painted on his face as he kept on shouting 'Three cheers for KKR, hip hip hurray.'\"Like the team celebrated last night, we too at our club danced to the victory by distributing sweets. KKR has made Bengal proud,\" he said.The city has witnessed many such frenzied atmosphere in the past.Be it when Diego Maradona or Lionel Messi arrived on two separate occasions, the Mohun Bagan-East Bengal rivalry which is a part of football folklore or the electrifying atmosphere of the Eden Gardens. It was then no surprise that there would be delirious scenes to welcome KKR players.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13614185", "title": "School education minister missing", "text": "For the second year in a row, the school education minister of the state Archana Chitnis was conspicuously absent during the release of the exam results declared at the Board Office, headquarter of MP Board of Secondary Education. When questioned, MK Rai stated that the minister was out of town and hence she couldn't be present. Seeming visibly discomfited, he also said something about uploading of results in nic.According to Board office sources, there is a serious rift between the secretary of the board Kedar Sharma and Chitnis over the dispute related to 500 cases of new recognition of schools for the year 2012-13 which were to be given recognition in 2011-12, summoned by the minister. Of these objections were raised in around 50. The same had also cost the transfer of assistant secretary of Board Office Dhiren Chaturvedi to DPI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "13621197", "title": "Acid attack: Two youths hired by cousin arrested", "text": "ROHTAK: A cousin has turned out to be the conspirator behind the acid attack on 18-year-old volleyball player girl on Saturday at Prem Nagar chowk in Rohtak, who reportedly wanted to teach her a lesson for \"ditching\" him.Police have arrested two youths -- Pradeep, a college boy, and Neeraj -- who were allegedly hired by the main accused Ram Niwas Saini (28) of Jamni village in Jind district for Rs 1.25 lakh to throw acid on the victim Ritu Saini. Ram Niwas, who is son of Ritu's paternal aunt (father's sister), is evading police.Rohtak DSP Sumit Kumar said they had zeroed in on Ram Niwas and then reached to accused Pradeep Kumar and Neeraj. Cyber cell of the police helped investigating officers to reach out to the two at their residence in Jamni village. Call details from the phones of the victim as well as Ram Niwas helped police crack the case, said Sumit Kumar.\"Ram Niwas is the conspirator in the case, who hired the two accused for attacking the girl. To execute the plan, he contacted Ritu on her mobile phone and fixed a place of meeting. When she reached near Prem Nagar chowk, he signaled the accused, who were waiting to attack her,\" the DSP said.The duo also suffered burn injuries on hands and legs as the acid also fell on them, when they splashed it on the girl, police said. \"Forensic tests and other examinations further helped police nab and ascertain their involvement in the crime\", he said adding that they were remanded to police custody till June 1 by a local court on Monday.Though the DSP maintained that motive behind the attack was unclear and would be able to disclose it after the arrest of main conspirator Ram Niwas, sources said the latter had been having an affair with the victim. \"The victim had developed friendship with a youth of Rohtak, which irked Ram Niwas, who also had been close to her earlier. It is suspected that he took this step out of grudge\".Sources said Ram Niwas roped in two youths for Rs 1.25 lakh. \"He first urged the duo to kill the girl but when they declined, he asked them to throw acid on her with the intention to maim her permanently. Ram Niwas gave an advance of Rs 25,000 to them and promised to give the remaining amount after the work was done,\" they added.Police had come under heavy criticism after the incident, as it was also unable to crack another similar case occurred a year ago in Sector 1 here, when two youths attacked three minor schoolgirls with acid. Dissatisfied with the police investigation, the victims had approached the Punjab and Haryana high court, which had referred the case to CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13614871", "title": "Lotus Pond turns into fortress", "text": "HYDERABAD: On any other day, YS Jaganmohan Reddy's palatial Lotus Pond house at MLA Colony in Jubilee Hills is a serene residential area but on Monday, with a thick security blanket, it turned into a fortress. With Jagan's mother Vijayamma sitting on a dharna with around 75 other relatives and party workers, the police were on their toes.Though there was heavy security here over the weekend, on Monday there were as many as 100 personnel from city police, CRPF and the special police, keeping a close watch on the area. There was heavy bandobust since early morning itself and the police ensured that people did not gather even half a kilometer from the house, where the first check point was set up on the main road.Vijayamma who had been sitting outside the rear entrance of her house on the road since Sunday late night after returning from Dilkusha Guest House, stayed put till late Monday evening to protest against her son's arrest. While she remained composed and chose not to speak to the media, at around 4.30pm when the news about the verdict on Jagan's 14-day judicial custody came, both she and her daughter Sharmila broke down. Party leaders Konda Surekha and Shobha Nagireddy were seen consoling her. Vijayamma ended her fast at 5pm by accepting lemon juice from Konda Surekha just after she had a brief talk with the senior party leaders.Talking to the media, she said \"Jagan did not do any wrong and he is being wrongly implicated. He will be out soon and those days of YSR rule will be back. My future course of action will be decided by the party soon. I appeal to the public to support the candidates of the YSR Congress and help them emerge victorious.\"Earlier in the day the family members and party workers wanted to accommodate more protestors and planned more tents and other arrangements at the site. But this was met with stiff resistance from the police. Business establishments in the area were also affected with traders ruing that their customers were being shooed away by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13616842", "title": "3 held for stealing motorcycles", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city Crime Branch on Monday arrested three persons and recovered 10 stolen bikes from them.Officials in the city Crime Branch said Arif Pathan, a resident of Vatva, used to steal bikes from the city and would then sell them at throwaway prices in Banaskantha. On Monday, Crime Branch police inspector D D Damor got a tip-off that a 21-year-old man was coming in Vatva area on a stolen bike.A vigil was kept in the area and as Arif arrived, he was detained by Crime Branch officials. During interrogation Arif said he had stolen 13 bikes. He would steal relatively new bikes from the parking lot of shopping complexes, Damor said.These bikes were later sold by him in Varahi and Radhanpur areas of Banaskantha. After receiving the information, police raided the two areas and arrested Hanif Belin (32) and Salim Chauhan (22), both resi-dent of Radhanpur.The two informed the police that they use to purchase bike from Arif by paying him a sum of Rs 7,000 to Rs 8,000 per bike. Later they would sell the same at a profit of Rs 2,000. Since these bikes were relatively new, the same would be sold easily without any papers. The person who would purchase it would settle for the bike without papers as they would be available at a throwaway price.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "13624060", "title": "Seven labourers run over while sleeping on footpath", "text": "JODHPUR: Seven labourers met a tragic death in the wee hours of Monday when a dumper ran over them while they were asleep on a footpath near Bhati Circle here. Three others are undergoing treatment at MDM hospital. The driver was arrested and the vehicle seized. The district administration has announced an ex gratia of Rs 20,000 for the kin of those died and Rs 5,000 for the injured.According to the police, 10 labourers were sleeping on a footpath near Bhati Circle when a dumper ran over them around 4.30 am. \"Six of them were crushed to death on the spot while four others were injured. They were rushed to the MDM Hospital, where one more succumbed to his injuries. Three are undergoing treatment for fracture in legs,\" said additional divisional commissioner Govind Singh Charan, who visited the hospital.The dumper driver, identified as Dinesh Bishnoi, escaped from the spot but was caught a few minutes later at a police barricade nearly 3 km from the spot. \"We have arrested him and seized the vehicle. He claimed that he lost control over the vehicle while trying to save someone on the road,\" said a police officer.\"So far, three of the deceased have been identified and efforts are on to identify others,\" said Charan. Some of them belong to Jodhpur or surrounding areas while rest are from other states,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13624262", "title": "'Self study is the mantra for success'", "text": "JAIPUR: It was celebration time at 927, Baba Harishchandra Marg in the Walled City area, where neighbourers and relatives poured in from morning to congratulate Ridhi Khandelwal for scoring 97.2% in Class XII exams.A student of commerce, Ridhi believes that 'self study is the best study'. She said, \"I did not rely on tuitions or coaching of any sort. I studied on my own. I believe in self study.\"Her father is a businessman but Ridhi has no plans to join the family business. \"I intend to build my own career as a chartered accountant,\" she said.Ridhi, a student of Shri Agrasen Public School, devoted 10-12 hours everyday to her studies. She credits her mother for the success for helping her maintain her calm during exam time.\"Ridhi has made everyone in our joint family proud,\" said uncle Anil Khandelwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13618442", "title": "Now, bookies held for forgery", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch on Monday arrested three cricket bookies-Devendra Kothari, Sonu Jalan and Feroz Ansari alias Todki-for submitting forged papers to get SIM cards. Meanwhile, producer Nitin Manmohan was grilled on Monday.The arrest of the bookies came after a recent raid in Kandivli in which several SIM cards and mobile phones were seized along with laptops and cash. The police arrested Feroz Ansari, the key man in the international cricket betting racket. \"The SIM cards recovered from the accused have been registered in bogus names and addresses,\" said additional commissioner of police Deven Bharti.On Monday, the accused were granted bail. But before they could be released from Arthur Road jail, cops took their custody in the SIM card case. The four others, who were their employees, were released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "13620129", "title": "Devinder Pal Singh to display his talent in reality show", "text": "DUGRI: At a time when other kids were busy playing outdoors, Devinder Pal Singh, then 9, was sitting at home and nourishing a rare gift which would later become his greatest talent. After years of rigorous practice, Singh, now 17, has a voice which others can only dream of having.Having gained entry in two popular singing reality shows on television, he is now all set to make his city proud.Master of all trades, Devinder can sing Bollywood , Sufi, classical and western with equal alacrity. ''My formal training started when I was 12 with guru ustad principal Sukhwant Singh, who taught me the nuances of music,'' said Devender, adding that his school principal Mona Singh of Guru Nanak Public School also motivates him a lot. ''My struggle to make a mark has become comfortable with support from my school. My school principal even gave me permission to go for the shows and rescheduled my exams so that I don't miss out on studies,'' he shares.''Devender has a very melodious voice and in spite of his success and talent he is down to earth. We are very proud of him that he has achieved so much at such a tender age,'' said principal Mona.Born in Patna, Bihar, Devinder moved to Ludhiana just four years back. ''When I was in Patna, I won the voice of Bihar competition. When I came here I won the third position at a function organized in the memory of Ishmeet Singh,'' says Sonu Nigam aficionado. Devinder's father Gurjit Singh said, ''We know that our son is special. We are very proud of him as he is the only contestant to have qualified from the city.''And Devinder has another reason to be happy. He has been offered an opportunity to perform a duet with Harshdeep Kaur of the ''Katya Karun'' fame from ''Rockstar'' movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13614615", "title": "Jewellery, Rs 1.5L cash stolen from DLF I house", "text": "GURGAON: Burglars broke into a retired bank officer's house in DLF I and fled with Rs 1.5 lakh cash apart from gold and silver jewellery.The officer and his family members were not in the house at the time of the incident. Police have lodged an FIR and are investigating the matter.According to the police, retired bank officer Sandeep Arora, in his complaint lodged with the DLF I police, said that his house was burgled on May 22 night when he and his family members had gone out of town. On his return on Sunday, Arora found the house's main lock broken. Police have lodged an FIR against unknown persons and questioned the colony's security guards. The residents suspected the role of the guards in the incident.\"We are investigating the case and will arrest the accused soon,\" said an investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13633552", "title": "Priyanka Chopra congratulates SRK on IPL victory", "text": "After all the stories about her alleged affair with Shah Rukh Khan , Priyanka Chopra finally congratulates Shah Rukh on his IPL victory.Priyanka Chopra's close association with SRK has been the talk of the town. The actress decided to stay away from the controversy and also SRK by not commenting on his team Kolkota Knight Riders. She was even asked about supporting KKR but the actress smartly replied saying she has lot of Bollywood friends who own IPL teams.Interestingly when Priyanka was promoting her forthcoming film Teri Meri Kahani during IPL final match, the actress mentioned that she was supporting KKR.The actress who purposely stayed away from Shah Rukh and his IPL team KKR all this while finally chose to congratulate him through social networking site. She wrote \"Congrats team KKR so well deserved! Played like champions! Super parade in Kolkata comin up! Congrats @iamsrk\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13619692", "title": "Did cops flout own rule during Juhu raid?", "text": "MUMBAI: Did the police violate its own rules by raiding the May 20 rave at Juhu's Oakwood Premier Hotel in the presence of camerapersons from TV channels? In 2004, the police commissioner had issued a circular, laying down guidelines for police action. It barred media coverage of raids without the permission of the joint commissioner of police (crime), a post at present held by Himanshu Roy.\"Was the media permitted by Roy to shoot images of the guests at the party while they were being herded by the police into vans, especially when a case was yet to be registered?\" is a question many lawyers are asking.The 2004 rules were prepared on the order of the Bombay high court, which told the police in January that year to \"frame guidelines regarding the use of media\" by the force. The order came after the arrest of a businessman, J B Shah, in an alleged cheating case was filmed by the crew of a TV channel and broadcast live as news. The footage was also used in a 30-minute crime programme. All this happened in 2003. Shah moved court against the police for violating his constitutional right to privacy. His counsel argued before the HC that Shah's arrest in the presence of the media was a violation of privacy norms. The court had directed an investigation by the police into the case. In 2009, the case against him was dropped. But a bitter Shah said, \"No TV or media covered this as news.\"But Shah's fight led to the 2004 guidelines, with the then police commissioner saying that those were to be \"strictly implemented\". The rule book, a copy of which is with TOI, is required to be with all police stations across the city. If any story or audiovisual coverage of police action- investigation, arrest or raid- was released without the permission of the nodal officer, \"a serious view\" would be taken, the commissioner had said. The circular said that any media report was to be approved by the nodal officer and the guidelines had to be implemented by all deputy commissioners, the crime branch and senior police inspectors at every police station in the city.On the Juhu raid, additional police commissioner Vishwas Nangre Patil said, \"We did not allow the (presence of the) media and we did not tip them about the raid.\" How then did the television crew show up? \"We did not at all entertain the media.\"As for Shah and others, they are worried about even holding birthday parties for children. The businessman said that last week, he wound up his five-year-old's birthday party at a Lokhandwala banquet hall as early as 9.30 pm.\"Who knows when the police will show up and for what reasons. They may raid the place for loudspeaker-use and get the media in too. People are left battling against false charges later,\" he said.About the Juhu case, a lawyer said, \"The police came with TV crew in tow. Images of guests were freely shown. What happens if all of them test negative for drugs? Will the police make this bit of news available to the media?\"The joint commissioner of police (crime) does hold press conferences for big criminal cases that the police might be investigating or might have solved. Also, the police have a spokesperson for the media. But few in the police know about the circular. Roy was unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13614302", "title": "Family attempts suicide, 2 dead", "text": "INDORE: Four members of a family attempted suicide by consuming poisonous substance on Sunday night. Two of them died while the remaining two including mother and daughter are battling it out at the hospital.Police said that family attempted suicide after the head Vijay Hardia 37, was diagnosed with stage three cancer a few days back and he was very disturbed about the future. The family was close to the minister of state for health Mahendra Hardia.Vijay was unable to hide about his illness from his family and he decided to end his life and informed about it to his wife Neetu 30. Neetu said that she would also commit suicide and they allegedly consumed poisonous substance.Police said Vijay, his wife Neetu and their son Hritik, 12, and daughter Hrishika, 9, were rushed to Choithram Hospital by their relatives, who noticed them vomiting. However, Vijay died immediately while Hrishika breathed her last on Monday afternoon.Doctors said Neetu and Hritik are under observation and the next 24 hours are crucial. The dead bodies are sent to district hospital for the post-mortem.The Hardias were residents of Anandpuri and Vijay worked as a manager with a city-based Hotel.Talking to TOI, Vijay's nephew, Golu, informed that everything was normal three days ago. However, Vijay was upset as doctors diagnosed him with last stage of cancer. Golu said his maternal uncle had burnt all the documents related to diagnosis and therefore it is tough to find out where he was diagnosed and by whom. He also said his maternal uncle has suffered from various other diseases in the past as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13624612", "title": "Father loses race to save son", "text": "PUNE: It was a race against time for 35-year-old Dipak Sonawane as he tried to save his son's life.Seeing six-year-old son Omkar gasping for breath after being severely injured in the accident, Dipak got hold of a vehicle and drove the almost 70 km to Pune's Sassoon Hospital. Unfortunately, by the time he reached, Omkar had succumbed to multiple injuries.\"Dipak is really brave. His wife Reshma and son Swapnil died on the spot, but instead of grieving about the loss, he strove to save the life of his son,\" said Omkar's uncle Anil Waman Shinde, who also lost his daughter Puja in the accident.\"Dipak rushed Om to Sassoon Hospital but, unfortunately, by the time he got there it was too late to save his son,\" he added.Dipak's mother-in-law Kalawati Gaikwad also died in the accident.Anil's daughter Puja was a std VII student at the People Education Society's (PES) school in Yerawada.The Sonawane family live in the Laxminagar area of Yerawada. \"Omkar was a lively kid, full of enthusiasm,\" said one of the neighbours. He was a Std I student at an English medium school in Yerawada.Shinde recalled the horrific aftermath of the accident. \"It was a gory sight. I became numb and couldn't understand what had happened. But Dipak managed to get the gasping child in a vehicle to get him to a hospital.\"The accident took place near the Khalapur toll post on the Pune-Mumbai expressway, 70 km from Pune.Pathologist D G Kulkarni, medical superintendent of Sassoon Hospital said that Omkar Sonawane, Puja Shinde and Mangal Suresh Gaikwad were dead when they were brought in to the hospital around 3.15 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13639018", "title": "Manchu Lakshmi Reverses Her Car First", "text": "Manchu Lakshmi Prasanna always reverses her car first and then steers fairly quickly. This is a silly superstition followed by the upcoming producer whenever she steps out it seems.Besides Acting, Manchu Lakshmi is currently producing two films \" Uu Kodathara Ulikki Padathara\" and \" Gundello Godari\". Let's hope these films fare well at the box office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13637071", "title": "K V Anand follows Shankar", "text": "There have been occasions when a film was shot in various places across the globe. Director Shankar set a new trend by shooting a song for his film Jeans starring Prashanth and Aishwarya Rai in seven wonders of the world. It created a buzz then.Now director K V Anand has followed the suit, but in a different manner. For his forthcoming release maatran, he has literally travelled across the globe. The movie starring Suriya and Kajal Agarwal has been shot at different places.They include Indo-Pakistan border, Wai in Maharashtra, Jodhpur, Russia, Croatia, Serbia, Albania and Macedonia .Says Anand, ' it has been shot in unexplored areas. IT has songs, romance and comedy. Suriya's is not a double act but appears as two different characters in separate segments of the film'.Source: cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13634572", "title": "Hina Khan in a relationship?", "text": "TV actress Hina Khan, who shot to fame as Akshara in Star Plus' Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai, has managed to keep her personal life well-guarded from the media. But not anymore!We can now tell you that Hina is very much in a steady relationship and her special someone is none other than the original director of her show, Neeraj Baliyan.The actress doesn't like to discuss her personal life with the press. When contacted, Hina rubbished the buzz downright and said, \"It's news for me. Neeraj is like my guru. I have learnt a lot from him and Romesh Kalra. Please don't do such fake stories. I have a very simple living and I'm a family-oriented girl. I don't want to feel sorry for my parents by this rubbish news.\"But then there is no smoke without fire, dearie!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "nay pyi taw", "code": "13616650", "title": "Military nixes MoU between Calcutta, Yangon universities", "text": "NAY PYI TAW: As India again doled out largesse to make up for lost time in Myanmar, including a $5 million grant per year for border development, its attempts to reach out to students based in Yangon seem to have been undone by the military regime which continues to remain wary of pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi .One of the agreements signed between the two countries on Monday was an MoU on cooperation between Dagon and Calcutta University but, as sources said, India's original plan was to have the same agreement with Yangon University.The military, however, is said to have put its foot down apparently because Yangon University students have always been seen as staunch supporters of Suu Kyi and it did not feel comfortable having such an arrangement with India. The military is said to be more comfortable with the idea of such an arrangement with the lesser known Dagon University.The MoU is about cooperation in the areas of exchange of faculty members, students, administrative managers, joint research activities, participation in seminars and academic meetings, special short-term academic programmes, joint cultural programmes and study tours. The vice-chancellor of Calcutta University signed the MoU from the Indian side. The MoU was among the 12 agreements signed by the two countries on Monday.That India is making a conscious attempt to reach out to students, the most vociferous supporters of democracy, was evident from another MoU signed to set up the Myanmar Institute of Information Technology with financial and technical assistance from India. Singh announced continued technical and financial support for the India-Myanmar Centre for Enhancement of IT Skills in Yangon for a further five-year period when it will also undergo a technology upgrade.He also announced a fellowship for Myanmar researchers to work in Indian universities and research institutions, under which 10 slots would be allocated every year. This is in addition to setting up a school in Yangon and Myanmar Institute of Information Technology in collaboration with TCS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13619880", "title": "No construction in Patiala ki Rao area, rules Punjab and Haryana high court", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday stayed all kind of constructions on season rivulet Patiala Ki Rao passing through village Nada, Nayagaon, Karoran. HC has also directed the district administration Mohali to submit a status report about illegal construction made on the said area.The orders were passed by a division bench comprising acting Chief Justice M M Kumar and Justice Alok Singh while hearing a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by resident of Nada village. Petitioner submitted that a large number of encroachments have been made in the rivulet that have blocked its natural course. He sought directions to remove encroachments and demolish illegal constructions.Petitioner further stated that the said area was a forestland but the same has been delisted through a notification made on August 13, 2010 and thereafter, some influential persons and the land mafia active in the area has carved out illegal colony .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13621297", "title": "Constant nework jam, permanent problems plague instant ticketing", "text": "LUCKNOW: Summer rush, limited seats and endless wait are enough to dampen your holiday mood. And if these were not enough, then the latest entrant to the list is the IRCTC's snail-paced e-ticketing procedure that instead of simplifying things makes them more complex and at times impossible to handle. The Tatkal system of booking, which was introduced for the benefit of the passengers, who decide to travel at the eleventh hour makes things more difficult, instead of simplifying them.The common complaint of the people to whom TOI spoke was that the online booking of tickets which took five minutes earlier, now consumes at least two hours because of problems like network failure or slow network and unavailability of services. Monika Tripathi, an executive in a private company had to go to Delhi for an urgent work last month. She tried IRCTC, but in vain. \"I had to cancel the process midway, as it was taking long. The website hanged several times during the booking process. I had to quit, as I was getting late for the office,\" she said. The next day, she took a boarded a Delhi-bound bus.Interestingly, clicking the 'book' icon, which appears during e-ticketing on IRCTC's webpage does not guarantee that the ticket has been actually booked. \"At times, even after completing the entire booking procedure, the website at the end displays message 'service currently unavailable'. And, then one has to go through the entire process again,\" rued Rita Mishra, a working women. Kriti Mishra, a teacher, complained that two hours booking time for Tatkal service is very less. There is a heavy traffic as soon as the e-booking window opens. As a result, the network moves slowly. And, by the time you reach at the end of booking process, all tickets are sold out,\" she said.Also, several people complained that often the amount is deducted during the online payment but tickets are not booked. \"This problem should be solved otherwise IRCTC will lose its customers,\" they said. Tarun Pandey, a technical professional, said, \"Sometimes it takes two days to book a ticket. Money is deducted from the bank account several times to book a single ticket successfully.\" Arun Paliwal, a bank cashier, said, \"I don't understand why Railways is not making any efforts to improve the IRCTC website as promised by them. For last several days, the website is either slow or there are connectivity problems.\"Railway authorities, when contacted, said that problems occur mainly because thousands of people login at the same time, which eventually leads to server crash due to heavy traffic. Pradip Kundu, joint general manager, public relation, IRCTC, said, \"Indian Railways Catering and Tourism Corporation has taken several steps to improve the service. Besides deactivating unused IDs to lessen the burden on the website, he said, an anti-fraud squad has been formed at Internet Ticketing Centre for round the clock surveillance to detect possible threats to the system. Booking application through mobile phone is also available.The process of e-ticketing was first envisaged in 2002 by the Indian Railways through Indian Railways Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC). Swati SharmaTimes ViewIt was a successful attempt to empower rail travellers which also saved them from long queues at reservation counters and the clutches of touts. With the passage of time, one thought the IRCTC's online ticketing facility would only get better. However, ten years after its launch, this facility is offering more pain to its users than any improvement. Now, that a large number of travellers have become online converts, such inexplicable glitches in the service amounts to their sheer harassment and reflects callousness of the Railways authorities. If the IRCTC does not take corrective measures urgently, it will inadvertently push travellers into the trap of unscrupulous agents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13614719", "title": "Factory fire doused after 22 hours, loss put at Rs 200 crore", "text": "GURGAON: The fire which broke out in a medical equipment factory in Sector 5 IMT Manesar on Sunday was extinguished after 22 hours by a team of fire-fighters belonging to different fire stations in the city.According to the officials of Life Long Meditec Ltd, located on plot number 23 in Sector 5, the loss due to the fire is estimated to be around Rs 200 crore.However, no one was injured in the incident. Twenty-two fire tenders apart from the workers of the other nearby factories took part in the rescue efforts to control the factory blaze which started around 5:30pm on Sunday. A fire-fighting team led by fire officer Isham Singh Kashyap reached the factory around 6pm. Soon, a hydraulic platform also reached. The fire had spread to the second floor of the factory by then and flames kept coming out till 8pm. All the employees came out of the building safely. Till late on Sunday, the firemen could douse only the blaze around the factory. The factory did not have proper equipment to prevent the fire, said a fire officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "pandua (hooghly)", "code": "13621938", "title": "Four of a family die in highway accident", "text": "PANDUA (HOOGHLY): A senior executive of a multinational corporation, based in Durgapur, lost his entire family in a tragic car crash on the G T Road at Simlaghat Market in Pandua on Monday morning. The accident took place in Pandua's Simlagarh Market. Ashok Roy, 59, who was at the steering wheel, suffered serious injuries and has been referred to a private hospital in Kolkata.Roy is originally from Ashoknagar in North 24-Parganas but lived with his family in Durgapur. According to sources, the family had gone to returned toHabra in North 24-Parganas (close to Ashoknagar) to attend the last rites of Roy's mother-in-law. Early on Monday, they started back for Durgapur. Roy left his in-laws place with wife Polly (51), daughter Medha (15) and son Shagnik (13) in his Maruti Zen. On the way, he picked up his mother Reba (78) from Ashoknagar.\"They seem to have crossed the Hooghly and taken the G T Road towards Burdwan. Around 8am, when Roy reached the Simlagarh Market (nearly 72km from Kolkata), a lorry coming from the opposite side collided head-on with his car. Locals rushed to the scene of the accident and tried to rescue the occupants of the car but the impact of the collision was such that Polly died had passed away on the spot. Roy and the others were taken to Pandua Rural Hospital where Reba and Medha were declared brought dead,\" a police officer said.Shagnik suffered serious head injuries and was referred to the Chinsurah Imambara Hospital. On reaching the hospital, the teen There, he was declared brought dead on arrival. Roy was sent to Kolkata in an ambulance and where doctors reported him to be critical. said that his condition is still critical.\"It seems that the car was travelling quite fast when the lorry swerved and came in its way. The car was badly smashed. We have seized the lorry but the driver managed to escape in the confusion. We are looking for him,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13617906", "title": "Chennai region comes up top again in CBSE class 12", "text": "CHENNAI: There was an appreciable rise in the number of students who took the CBSE class 12 board examinations this year but the results were not quite as impressive.There was an increase of 14% in the number of students who took the national exam in Tamil Nadu over last year, but the pass percentage in the state dropped from 96.84% in 2011 to 95.57% this year.The trend was reflected in Chennai as well as other regions. There was a 10% increase in the total number of students who took the exams in the Chennai region - including Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Maharashtra, Goa, Puducherry, Andaman and Nicobar Islands, and Daman and Diu - but the pass rate dropped from 91.32% in 2011 to 90.59% this year.The number of students who appeared for the test across the country increased by 5.94% from 2011, but the pass percentage decreased from 80.88% to 80.19%.\"There has been an increase in the number of students who continue in the CBSE system or come into the system, because the board has acquired a reputation of quality,\" said Chennai regional officer D T Sudharsan Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "13621677", "title": "Manoj, Laxmi families skip match for prayers", "text": "HOWRAH: In a sea of euphoria on Sunday, there were two homes in Kolkata's twin city Howrah that were unusually quiet - the homes of Team Kolkata players Manoj Tiwary and Laxmi Ratan Shukla .Kolkatans sat glued to television sets on Sunday evening, watching every run being scored as Team Kolkata chased Team Chennai's imposing total. After a tense four hours of pure thrill, when Manoj Tiwary struck the winning boundary, fans erupted in joy. The scene was, however, unusually quiet at two homes in Kolkata's twin city Howrah - the homes of Manoj Tiwary and Lamxi Ratan Shukla.Neither did the television commentary boom in the silence of the night, nor did one hear cries of anguish and claps of delight. Though both the families follow every bit of cricket, be it in the domestic or the international circuit, on Sunday they were immersed in prayers.But at two homes in Kolkata's twin city Howrah, it was unusually quiet. The commentary on television didn't boom in the silence of the night, nor did one hear cries of anguish or claps of delight. Not that the residents abhor cricket; quite the opposite, they follow every bit of it, be it the domestic or the international circuit. In fact, they were the ones who had perhaps the highest stake in the match on Super Sunday. While the first home at Shibpur is where Manoj Tiwary lives, the other at Liluah is Laxmi Ratan Shukla's.On Sunday though, family members of both crucial Team Kolkata members were immersed in prayers. At Laxmi's home, his grandmother Manorama lit an oil lamp in the morning that family members took turn to tend all day and the night.At Manoj's home in Shibpur, the family arranged for a Rudra Abhishek - a prayer to lord Shiva with 108 lotus buds forming a Shiv Linga. \"Manoj was 10 when he developed a strong interest in the game and wanted to enroll at a cricket coaching camp so that he could train to be a cricketer. He has achieved what he wanted,\" said his 59-year-old father, Shyam Shankar, who originally hails from Pratapgarh in Uttar Pradesh.Since then, Shyam Shankar has ensured that his humble income does not come in the way of Manoj's training needs. Though he could not sustain his son's schooling at St Thomas' Church School due to funds crunch, it did not affect Manoj's ambition to pursue cricket fulltime.But he could not sustain his son's schooling at St Thomas' Church School as funds crunch hit the family. In any case, it did not hurt Manoj's ambition as he wanted to pursue cricket full-time.\"He is very hardworking. As a teenager, he used to roam in the sun carrying his cricket kit,\" said Manoj's mother Beena. She will prepare a spread of chicken and kheer when her son returns home. She will cook a chicken dish and kheer when her son returns after Sunday's success.\"He loves curd chicken and kheer with lots of dry fruits,\" she gushed.Laxmi though has no such grand welcome in store. His wife Smita and 6-year-old son Agastya will not be home when he returns since Smita, a government employee, is currently stationed at Memari in Burdwan. While Laxmi's grandmother Manorama will welcome him with arti, his father Umesh will embrace his son. There will be no party at our house.\"Bitana aka Laxmi is a simple guy and does not like parties,\" said Laxmi's father Umesh, 74, who hails from Unnao in Uttar Pradesh.Umesh used to be a district-level cricketer but never rose further. Then, Laxmi-a small kid- would accompany him to practice sessions and matches. \"I always knew he would be a cricketer. I remember when Lakshmi was playing in the under-16 squad for Ghusuri Bharti Sangha. He got hit by a cricket ball and his head swelled. Worried and furious, his mother threw the cricket kit into a well. But Laxmi borrowed someone else's kit the next day and scored 124 off 70 balls. I never stopped him after that. I am so proud of him today,\" he added.Both the families are happy about Team Kolkata winning the IPL, but they have a larger dream - to see their sons get a place in the Indian squad. the IPL success but have a larger dream:to see their sons be permanent members in the Indian squad.Though Manoj got a chance in Bangladesh but returned with an injury. He is always there as the 12th or 13th man, but never in the playing 11. \"He never complains, but we know that he is desperate to play. Perhaps, after his success in the IPL, he will get a chance,\" said Beena.Laxmi's father too wants to see his son in the national team. him in the national team's playing 11.\"Laxmi does not speak about it and always says his performance will speak,\" said Umesh, who happily recalls Shah Rukh calling Laxmi Ratan 'the jaan of Khan'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13618119", "title": "Bihar sees higher spend on new constructions", "text": "PATNA: With respect to Bihar turnaround story under CM Nitish Kumar , it is often maintained that the economy is largely construction-driven. It, incidentally, is also palpably reflected in the tale of gross capital formation (GCF) achieved in the last five fiscal years, beginning 2007-08.It has been revealed by the recent analysis of state's budgetary transactions done by the government's own agency - Directorate of Economics and Statistics (DES) of the planning and development department.DSE joint director Jitendra Kumar Sinha said that major components of government expenditure were compensation paid to employees, new constructions, purchase of goods and services, interest payment, current and capital transfer, and repayment of loans and advances to employees.While the expenditure incurred on new constructions and purchase of goods and services accounts for the direction the economy is taking, all the other expenditures are obligatory on the part of the government. Sinha said the expenditure on new constructions ranged from 19.5% to 24.7% during the period under consideration, and the expenditure on the purchase of goods and services ranged from 9.6% to 15.2%.Accordingly, GCF increased from Rs 7,909.23 crore in 2007-08 to Rs 14,581.29 crore in 2011-12. It was Rs 7,741.60 crore in 2008-09, Rs 8,553.17 crore in 2009-10 and Rs 12,934.75 crore in 2010-11.As the DSE analysis puts it, GCF \"refers to the aggregate of gross additions to fixed assets, namely construction machinery and equipment. Construction activity covers all new constructions, major alteration and repairs of buildings, highways, streets, bridges, culverts, dams, drainages, wells and other irrigation sources, water and power projects, communication systems, land improvement, planting and cultivating new orchards, afforestation projects, etc\"Other than that, machinery and equipment component of GCF \"comprises all types of machinery, like agriculture machinery, power generating machinery, manufacturing machinery, transport equipment, furniture and furnishings. It also includes computer hardware and software.\"The GCF, however, had a \"fluctuating trend throughout the period\", as in the first two years it registered a marginal fall of 0.6% in 2007-08 and 2.12% in 2008-09. \"But after that, it had an upward trend registering a growth as high as 51.23% in 2010-11.\"The expenditure incurred on the construction of buildings was 26% of the total outlay (on construction) in 2007-08, 25% in 2008-09, 19% in 2009-10, 20% in 2010-11 and 26% in 2011-12.Similarly, the expenditure on roads and bridges was 35% of the total outlay in 2007-08, 48% in 2008-09, 46% in 2009-10, 37% in 2010-11 and 36% in 2011-12. The expenditure on plant and machinery, including software, was 1% of the outlay both in 2007-08 and 2008-09, but increased to 2% in 2009-10, followed by 4% in 2010-11, and then fell to 3% in 2011-12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "13615476", "title": "Corporator shot by 2 assailants", "text": "AKOLA: Two assailants fired three shots at Ajay Ramteke, group leader of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) in Akola Municipal Corporation. One bullet did not hit its mark but the other two bullets hit him. One of them struck him in the head while the other pierced his back.Ramteke was admitted to Icon Hospital, where he was being operated upon at the time of going to press.The incident took place near HDFC Bank on Zilla Parishad Road at 3pm on Monday. Ajay Ramteke was going down the road on a motorcycle. The assailants also came on a motorcycle and fired at Ramteke.An injured Ajay Ramteke himself identified his attackers as Santosh Wankhede and Santosh Sonone. According to investigating officer Vilas Patil, the assailants attacked him due to enmity over the municipal elections held on February 16 when Ramteke was elected as corporator on an NCP ticket and became group leader of NCP in AMC.A delegation of leaders NCP met the deputy superintendent of police on Monday evening and demanded immediate arrest of the culprits. A mob of nearby 200 gathered outside the DSP office later in the evening. There was some tension in the old city area, where Ramteke resided, with stones being pelted and one vehicle set afire. The situation is under control now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13624730", "title": "Man gets custody of minor daughter, but only for 3 days", "text": "DHARWAD: The division bench of Karnataka high court circuit bench in Dharwad hearing a habeas corpus petition on Monday, ordered that a man be given custody of his minor daughter who got married three years ago. However, the father will have custody of his daughter only till May 31 as she will turn a major on that day.Sadarawali, resident of Chapparadalli in Hospet taluk of Bellary district, had filed a habeas corpus petition in the high court saying that his daughter, Umraja Begum, was a minor and had been missing since two and half years. The court had issued notices to police who traced the girl to Debapur in Vaishali district of Bihar and produced her before the court on Monday.Umraj fell in love with Hiroja who had come from Bihar to Hospet to work in a steel factory. She eloped with him and married him in Bihar. The couple has a two year-old child.The division bench comprising Justices K L Manjunath and Ravi Malimath heard the case and decreed that the girl should be under the custody of her father as she was a minor. However, she will be free to decide her future after she turns 18 on May 31. Acting on the court's direction, Hospet rural police inspector Abdul Rehman took Umraja Begum to Chapparadalli to hand her over to her parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13624148", "title": "10 lives could\u2019ve been saved in golden hour", "text": "MUMBAI: Many lives could have been saved on Monday had there been trauma cen tres and ambulances along the Mumbai-Pune Express way to offer quick medical help, experts said.\"We lose accident victims while ferrying them to hos pitals far away because we lack the required medical facilities on the Expressway, said assistant RTO K S Jad hav. \"We could have saved eight to 10 victims of the Monday mishap if there were trauma centres and am bulances on the E-way .\"The accident occurred near Khalapur toll plaza which is 42 km from Panvel and around 90 km from Pune From there, the nearest public hospital with proper trauma care facilities on the Mumbai side is Sion Hospital and on the Pune side is Sassoon Hos pital. But the time taken to travel to these hospitals means that the crucial first hour from the mishap, known as the golden hour, is lost.After the Expressway was commissioned in 2001, there were plans to set up trauma centres along it. \"But, for the past 11 years, the state has been sitting on the project, said Abeed Poonawala, who travels frequently between Mumbai and Pune.Incidentally, just two days ago, the MSRDC had invited bids for a trauma centre, with air ambulance facility, near Lonavla. Currently, the Indian Road Builders, which main tains roads against collection of toll, has a fleet of four am bulances, one hearse van three big cranes, two towing vans and 50 staffers for emer gency response.Those working in the field of emergency medicine say the need of the hour is full fledged emergency medical services and not just a few ambulances or a hospital. Di rector of Life Supporters In stitute of Health Science Dr Paresh Navalkar said, \"We need trained personnel, well equipped ambulances and prepared emergency room Currently, nothing exists and that leads to loss of lives.\"9 mins, difference between life &amp; death on expresswayMumbai: Losing control of vehicle due to speeding, hitting stationary vehicles and dozing off behind the wheel are the top reasons for serious accidents on the Mumbai-Pune Expressway, an analysis of accidents since the highway was opened in 2001 to January 2012 has shown.Of 1,823 accidents during the period, 931 occurred due to loss of control of vehicle, 461 due to hitting vehicles parked on the roadside and 149 for falling asleep while driving. Monday's accident , in which 27 people belonging to a marriage party died and at least 29 were injured near atoll plaza 42 km from Panvel on the highway, occurred due to the second reason.The highway police and expressway authorities say that a vehicle driven at 100 kmph takes just nine minutes less to reach one end of the expressway from the other than one being driven at 80 kmph. \"So why risk your life or that of others for just nine minutes of advantage?\" asked a senior official of IRB Infrastructure, that maintains the highway.MSRDC chief engineer and expressway incharge Arun Deodhar said that if vehicles strictly adhered to road discipline and did not exceed a speed of 80 kmph, mishaps would not take place on the highway. \"In Monday's case, too, had the speed of the vehicle that hit the marriage party been under control, the effects would have been far less deadly.\"He said the rightmost lane was meant for overtaking, whereas the middle lane was for smaller vehicles. \"Heavy vehicles are supposed to take only the leftmost lane, which is a slow lane. After overtaking, a light or a heavy vehicle should come back to the middle and the leftmost lane, respectively, but this does not happen, resulting in mishaps.\"According to another MSRDC official, speeding creates friction between tyres and the road, resulting in tyres, and the air inside tubes, getting heated beyond safe levels. \"If air pressure is higher than permissible limits, a tyre will eventually burst, causing the vehicle to go out of control. Over the past four years, such mishaps have increased.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13636898", "title": "This one's for Gauti &amp; SRK: Manoj Tiwary", "text": "At that moment, he was the loneliest man in the middle. But calming his nerves and making a mental note of the field set-up, Manoj Tiwary hit hard to clinch the match -- and the cup -- for Team Kolkata. He may be on top of the world now, but here's what was going through his mind then...What were you thinking while facing Dwayne Bravo in those nerve-wracking moments? While we were sitting on the bench, Shakib (Al Hasan) and I had a gut feeling that ultimately, the task of finishing the game will fall on our shoulders! So, we were mentally tuned in to the situation. There was pressure but I kept my cool. I surveyed the field set-up and made a mental note of the expected line and length of the ball. Luckily I got it right and the rest, as they say is history.How did you feel after the winning shot? Out of this world! Those two boundaries were very important at that point of time and made all the difference. We wanted to do it for Gauti bhai and SRK.SRK hugged you right after the match. What did he tell you? He congratulated me and was ecstatic after the win. After the match against Team Punjab in Kolkata, which we lost, he had virtually taken a class at a nightclub post match. That day, I had promised myself that I will not go in front of him till we win. I was avoiding him since then, and after the match, that was the first time we came across each other!How did SRK motivate you guys? Before the match, during the team meeting, he showed us this great video that had messages from all our family members. It really touched our hearts and we felt motivated after the viewing.You had an injury and couldn't play before this match, were you worried? I was really tense. You really don't want to miss the semis or finals after working so hard. However, injury is something you can't really help. I wanted to play desperately and rehabilitated myself. When I went for the fitness test, I knew I could make it.Did you speak to your girlfriend after your moment of glory? Of course I did. I have received more than 150 messages and more than 100 phone calls. So it is hard to say when she called... Our celebrations started in the dressing room and we spoke before heading out to party. We had a blast till 6.30 in the morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13616789", "title": "Gambling den raided near Hatkeshwar Circle", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In one of the biggest raids on gambling dens in eastern parts of the city recently, Amraiwadi police along with Sector II police officials swooped down on a gymkhana near Hatkeshwar Circle late on Sunday night and arrested 102 persons.Police have started search for office-bearers of the club and have sought documents to check its legal status.Amraiwadi police officials said they had a tip-off for a while about Ashish Gymkhana Club Ltd, situated at Saibaba Complex near Hatkeshwar circle that the club was a front for gambling den.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13623309", "title": "28 people hurt in various accidents in Kottayam", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Twenty-eight people were injured in separate accidents in and around Kottayam town on Monday. The accidents occurred in Nattakom, Manipuzha, Ettumanoor and Ayarkunnam.Though overspeeding is said to be the cause of accidents, it is said that light drizzle also contributed to it.Kottayam district medical officer Ayesha Bhai was injured when the vehicle she was travelling was hit by a lorry around 6.45am near Nattakom village office. Driver Chandran was also injured. Both were admitted to medical college hospital. She was going to Thiruvananthapuram to attend a meeting by the health department. Following the accident, traffic was blocked on MC Road for over half-an-hour.One hour later, just a few kilometres from Nattakom, a luxury bus collided with a lorry in Manipuzha on MC Road. The bus was going to Pathanamthitta from Bangalore. Bus driver Balu hailing from Erode has been admitted to medical college hospital. Eight passengers who were injured were given first aid. The bus and the lorry were removed from the accident site using cranes.In Ettumanoor, a KSRTC bus rammed into a parked lorry around 7.30am. The bus was going to Poonjar from Kottayam. A total of 16 passengers were injured and admitted to medical college hospital. Break failure is said to be the reason of the mishap.In Ayarkunnam, a tipper lorry lost control and rammed a car and motorbike. The accident happened around 7am at Parevalavu. Car driver Benny hailing from Kongandoor was admitted to a private hospital here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "cast", "code": "13637815", "title": "Eega", "text": "Cast: Nani, Sudeep and Samantha Genre: Sci-fi Director: SS Rajamouli Music: MM KeeravaniSynopsis\"Eega\" is penciled to be a techno graphical extravaganza. Directed by Rajamouli, \"Eega\" film has an animated character 'House Fly' in the title role. While the 'Ashta Chemma' fame Nani is playing the protagonist, Kannada actor Sudeep is the antagonist and Samantha is the leading lady.The main plot of \"Eega\" is a revenge formula with wonderful special effects and computer graphics. The villain kills hero, who is reborn as Eega (fly) and remembers what happened in his previous birth. So how Eega's indomitable effort irritate villain and take revenge on him remains to be seen on the silver screen. The movie has garnered a lot of hype and excitement all the way and has become one of the much awaited releases of the year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "13620454", "title": "Punjab Institute of Medical Sciences faces financial crisis, class IV staff on strike", "text": "JALANDHAR: Punjab Institute of Medical Sciences (PIMS), being run by a society headed by Punjab rural development minister Surjit Singh Rakhra and projected as the first tertiary care centre in Doaba region, is grappling with financial crisis as investors are not pumping in enough funds to run it.Set up by the state government, PIMS was handed over to Rakhra-led PIMS Medical Education Charitable Society in 2009.Once setting an example in cleanliness, it has not been cleaned for the last three days, as class IV employees are staying away from work due to non-payment of full salaries.As patients entered the hospital on Monday, they not only witnessed non-working ACs at several places, but the hospital was also not clean. Doctors also appeared apologetic about it.Power supply to PIMS was disconnected by Powercom on May 24 due to non-payment of bills worth around Rs 46 lakh. PIMS has not paid anything to get the power connection restored till Monday, which has affected its working, sources said.Sources revealed that the entire staff of PIMS, including doctors, have not been paid salaries for the last three months. Doctors had gone on strike on February 22 over non-payment of salaries at that time, after which their salaries were released.The 400-bed hospital has a first batch of MBBS students and is preparing to admit another batch of 150 students, but is facing acute financial crisis.Rakhra did not respond despite several calls on his mobile phone and text messages also remained unanswered. PIMS resident director Rajshekhar also did not respond to calls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13614552", "title": "Departments allotted to new information commissioners", "text": "HYDERABAD: The newly-appointed state information commissioners, comprising three former bureaucrats and a journalist, have been allotted government departments for which they will be handling cases pertaining to Right to Information (RTI) queries.To avoid any conflict of interest, C Madhukar Raj, an ex-Indian Forest Service (IFS) officer, has been allotted home department along with municipal administration and urban development, and former IPS officers M Ratan and S Prabhakar Reddy have been allotted departments such as revenue, education, health and medical family welfare, among others.Chief information commissioner Jannat Hussain said, \"The departments have been distributed keeping in mind the existing pendency in each department. Based on that, work has been distributed equally among the four information commissioners. Also care was taken not to allot the department in which the information commissioner has either worked or had been associated with.\"Revenue and home departments under Hyderabad and Ranga Reddy district jurisdiction have been retained by chief information officer Jannat Hussain along with general administration, public enterprise, environment, science and technology, horticulture and information technology.Former journalist Vijay Babu will look after revenue (Rayalaseema region), energy, agriculture, transport and housing. M Ratan has been allotted revenue (Andhra region), health, law, labour, BC welfare and animal husbandry.The information commissioners, who are now, getting familiarized with their respective departments, will start hearing cases from June 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13614799", "title": "Andhra to review government orders cleared in YSR's time", "text": "HYDERABAD: A day after YS Vijayamma alleged that her son Jagan was implicated in the illegal assets case while other ministers were let off, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy said the government would review the 26 controversial GOs issued by the YSR regime.He said that they would be re-looked or cancelled or re-visited based on the court's verdict and provided the CBI proved they were issued in violation of norms. \"But we are not going to do anything that could influence the ongoing CBI probe,\" he pointed out. On the Supreme Court notices issued to five ministers with regard to the GOs, the CM said the notices were served individually, and as such, they would file counters individually. \"We are seeking legal opinion and we will respond on behalf of the government, if required,\" he said at a press conference here on Monday. Responding to a query on the delay in giving permission for prosecution of IAS officers, Kiran said that there was a standard procedure and a decision would be taken. He said Mopidevi Venkataramana was arrested as part of the investigation but went on to add that Ramana would come out unscathed.\"The CBI is investigating on the directions of the court. Not only Jagan, several others were arrested and sent to jail,\" he said and asked the YSR Congress and Jagan family to prove their innocence before the court. Reacting to Vijayamma's charge that there was no democracy in the state, he shot back: \"You have the opportunity to prove your innocence only because it's a democracy.\"He also advised Vijayamma not to politicize her husband's death and said that his government was ready to order a fresh investigation into the helicopter crash. \"At this juncture to voice doubts on the death when the bypolls are due is nothing but an effort to gain sympathy from people,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13618828", "title": "Chennai zone aces CBSE class XII exams with 90%", "text": "BANGALORE: The southern region on Monday put up a stellar show in the Class XII CBSE results with 90.59% passes, leaving the other seven zones far behind. The overall results saw a decline in every category, but the Chennai region continued to maintain its lead.Across the country, over 80% of the 8,15,749 candidates who wrote the exams have passed. Some 86.21% girls cleared the exam, leaving boys behind at 75.8%. In the Chennai zone too, girls stole the show with 92.67% passes against boys' 88.87%. The pass percentage for the region was better last year at 91.32%. Girls had secured 93.21% passes and boys 89.78% in 2011.Government schools pulled down the overall pass percentage - they registered 66.28% passes against 74.99% last year. A marginal dip of .54% was recorded among the independent schools. Kendriya Vidyalayas improved their score from 94.73% last year to 96.39% this year. The Central Tibetans registered 100% passes, up from 95.77% last year. The number of schools in the Chennai region has gone up from 970 last year to 1,066 this year. Fifteen more centres were added for the CBSE 2012 examination. As many as 4,556 students have been placed in compartment this year, against 3,597 last year, registering an increase of 1.13%.Sanjay Ganapathy of Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan's Rajaji Vidyashram Senior Secondary School in Chennai's Kilpauk has secured a high score of 490 against 500.Adding to the celebration, many Bangalore schools scored 100% first-class result.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13618034", "title": "Karnataka High Court bench stays order on Consortium of Medical, Engineering and Dental Colleges Karnataka", "text": "BANGALORE: A division bench of the Karnataka High Court on Monday passed an interim stay on the single bench order of May 25 whereby the Consortium of Medical, Engineering and Dental Colleges Karnataka (ComedK) was asked to redo the entire selection for post-graduate dental courses.\"For 12 students, we can't upset the prospects of 194 (admitted) others who are not party before the court,\" the division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen observed while admitting a writ appeal filed by ComedK challenging Friday\"s order. The next hearing is on May 30.Earlier, the petitioner students were told they'd be given priority with regard to counselling for surrendered seats. But they refused it as these were leftover seats, even by those who had a much lower rank. ComedK claimed that in the counselling on May 19, 194 students have been admitted and 17 seats are available. The counsel also claimed that since this is an all-India selection, the single bench order cannot be implemented as the Supreme Court had strictly said all admissions should be completed before May 31.On Friday, a single bench allowed petitions by 12 dentists who were denied permission by ComedK to participate in counselling as they had produced \"faulty\" demand drafts and related documents.Aam measuresA division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Monday directed the state government to file an action taken report (ATR) by next Tuesday with regard to measures taken to alleviate the suffering of mango growers. The bench also asked senior advocate S S Naganand to assist the court to prepare a plan of action. The Kolar Mango Growers' Association had filed a PIL complaining about apathy of the state government with regard to mango farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai/thane", "code": "13624059", "title": "From loud music and dancing to mourning", "text": "MUMBAI/THANE: Devastated by the huge tragedy that occurred hours after the wedding of their 20-year-old daughter Manisha Gaikwad to Pune-based Sanjay Bahule, the elders and womenfolk of the Gaikwad family spent Monday worrying about the future the newlyweds faced.Disbelief, confusion and uncertainty were among the thoughts that plagued the the family residing in cheek-byjowl tenements at the crowded Asalfa Village, in Ghatkopar, northeast Mumbai.\"It is like being hit by a thunderbolt. Just hours back there was loud music, dancing and a joyous atmosphere to celebrate the marriage of Manisha and Sanjay. Suddenly , life has taken a complete U-turn and we are in mourning. I have lost my 25-year-old granddaughter Poornima Manjare, who was also travelling to Pune,\" said Sopan Kokate, grandfather of the bride.The entire neighbourhood at Panchsheel Chawl No 1 was plunged in grief after news of the accident, which claimed 27 lives, trickled in early on Monday morning. Womenfolk who assembled in the Gaikwads' house to offer consolation cried incessantly while watching news on the TV about the sudden deaths of the people they had seen not long ago dressed in their best and celebrating.\"The bride and groom are safe as they left the wedding hall nearly two hours after the two minibuses had departed . My wife Saguna and daughter-in-law Varsha were accompanying her in the Xylo along with the groom's parents. When they reached Khalapur, they were asked to leave for Pune immediately as there was blood and gore on the street. Our relatives wanted them to reach home safely,'' Kokate said.Along the narrow uphill lane which leads to the Gaikwads' home, groups of boys and men were on Monday closeted in animated discussion about the accident. Unmindful of the scorching sun, a group of women were seated on the road facing the Gaikwads' home. The primary concern was how the Bahule family would react to the tragedy. \"The tragedy has occurred due to irresponsible driving of one person,\" a relative Kisan told TOI.The tragedy, which is the worst road accident to have occurred on the Mumbai-Pune Expressway, occurred early in the morning, but the Gaikwads were informed only at dawn. \"Manisha called her uncle on his phone and informed him about it. She said that many of the relatives were hurt in the road accident. After a few frantic calls to other relatives, her father and mother immediately left for the accident spot,'' said Sangeeta Shinde, the bride's aunt. She said the wedding had taken place at the community welfare hall in the Bhatwadi area of Ghatkopar and the procession went on till late evening. \"The marriage was scheduled at 1 pm, but the groom's party arrived late as they could not get one large bus to accommodate all their relatives. They insisted on a music band and after the proper dance procession and dinner, the two minibuses with their relatives left for Pune,'' Shinde said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13624884", "title": "Samparka Kranti eludes north Karnataka region", "text": "DHARWAD: When the Indian Railways introduced Samparka Kranti Express trains to connect state capitals to the national capital New Delhi, people in the states were elated thinking that they could reach the national capital without hassles in minimum possible time.The introduction of Karnatak Samparka Kranti Express train from Yeshwantpur to Nizamuddin had brought cheer to the people of North Karnataka who visit New Delhi and other cities in Northern India as they thought they could travel conveniently.The train was meant to cover maximum possible distance in the originating state and stop at various stations. After leaving the state border it was supposed to run non-stop. However, people's happiness was short lived as they learnt that the Sampark Kranti circumvented Karnataka and it was more convenient to the people of Andhra Pradesh than those in north Karnataka. While the trian runs from Bangalore to New Delhi via Hubli-Dharwad- Belgaum only twice a week, on remaining four days it runs through Andhra Pradesh.After travelling for 50km in Karnataka the train enters Andhra Pradesh and travels further to Maharashtra via Hyderabad, Secunderabad and other places. Initially the train was running from Yeshwantpur to Nizamuddin via Andhra on all the six days.There has been demand to run the Sampark Kranti on all days of the week via Tumkur, Davanagere, Hubli, Dharwad, Belgaum and Miraj. Following pressure from Dharwad MP Prahlad Joshi, the railway authorities agreed to run the train via Hubli on only two days of the week.No fast train Large numbers of businessmen travel to north India from Davanagere, Hubli, Dharwad and Belgaum and they are deprived of services of a fast train. Whenever the issue of changing the train's route is raised the railway officials express apprehension that the move may face with resistance from people in AP.Recently a group of MPs from North Karnataka led by Prahlad Joshi met Union railway minister Mukul Roy and explained to him about the injustice meted out to people of north Karnataka.MP Prahlad Joshi said people from north Karnataka travelling to Delhi have to depend mainly on the weekly Swarnajayanti Express, Vasco-Nizamuddin Link Express and twice a week Samparka Kranti Express.He told TOI that the minister was convinced with the explanation given to him and has instructed Member (traffic), Board of Railways to take steps to change to route of the train.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13639577", "title": "Kolkata police connect KKR's win with William Blake's poem", "text": "NEW DELHI: The West Bengal government has been quick to cash in on Kolkata Knight Riders' maiden IPL triumph organising a grand felicitation ceremony at the Eden Gardens on Tuesday.But Kolkata police, in their bid to enhance the image of 'Brand Kolkata', has conceived an innovative 'Road Safety' advertisement campaign. They have connected William Blake's famous poem \" Tyger\" with KKR's IPL victory.Kolkata traffic police have put out 150 giant billboards across Kolkata which has illustration of team owner Shah Rukh Khan with the IPL trophy along with skipper Gautam Gambhir , star spinner Sunil Narine and local hero Manoj Tiwary in a car with a caption that reads:\"Knight Knight, Burning Bright, Drive Safe, Day &amp; Night.\" Although the concept design and execution of the idea happened in only 48 hours, it has been grabbing eyeballs since morning.\"Once KKR reached the finals, we planned that we would unveil a new 'Road Safety' campaign that youth of our city can connect. There's no point trying to advise youngsters about road safety measures in a mundane manner. Rather, try out something trendy and topical.\"We had also done a similar thing in Bengali when Sachin Tendulkar completed his 100th century,\" joint commissioner (Traffic) Supratim Sarkar said over phone.He added, \"We plan to keep the billboards for the next one month. We would then think of a different campaign which might not be related to sports. It's like Amul advertisement which has been very popular among common public over the past three decades.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13614807", "title": "I will work for the development of my constituency: Mitesh Bhangadiya", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: After defeating Congress's Rahul Puglia by 203 votes in the MLC election for the Chandrapur-Gadchiroli-Wardha seat, BJP's Mitesh Bhangadiya said, \"I will work hard to develop my constituency according to the policies of my party.\"Bhangadiya's victory is being termed as a comeback for state president Sudhir Mungantiwar under whose leadership the party bit the dust in the local body elections.BJP leaders credited Mungantiwar for his apt planning while Bhangadiya's son called it team work. Party workers celebrated by bursting crackers and distributing sweets. They even took out a huge victory rally.Counting was held at Bachat Safallya Bhavan on the collectorate premises where Bangadiya was declared the winner on Monday.Of the of 620 votes, 619 members of local bodies exercised their franchise. Polling was held in four centres in Chandrapur and three each in Gadchiroli and Wardha.Ballot boxes were brought to Chandrapur for counting. The counting of votes lasted an hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12896510", "title": "Spend summer vacation at your native place", "text": "Summer vacations - time for ice creams, watermelons, trips and everything nice! TOI finds out what makes visiting native places tick during the season.The monotonous city life, with its big factories and insane traffic can sometimes leave you craving for some peace and tranquility. Which is why, a trip to your native town is always about unwinding. A magical getaway of sorts, perhaps. Youngters now prefer to steal a trip to their native places, rather than taking trips to exotic locations, holiday packages. Trichiiates believe that going back to their grandparents are any day better than expensive trips abroad. Says Akshaya Durai, a sales executive who reminisces how she visited her native place during her childhood.\"When I was young, we neither had a television nor a radio for entertainment . However, we had cousins to chill out with and we ended up creating memories. A typical day at grandma's place would constitute get together with cousins, traditional games, childhood treats and at time we would stumble upon old photographs of our parents. I would definitely say that those were the best days of my life as it was more of a learning experience.\"Says Poornima Ravindran, an engineer, \"Visiting your native place is enjoying a holiday in its true sense. Out of country trips make you feel alienated and also crib at the conditions that are prevalent in our cities. There is no emotional quotient in such places and you cannot relate to the place, running around the place trying to finish seeing as many places as possible is sure stressful. Most importantly, safety and financial reasons have to be thoroughly checked to be visiting other countries unlike being amongst our own.\" Though going to exotic locations will actually be a good break, the euphoria factor that comes with visiting your native land is missing there. The greenery, pure water, lip-smacking food prepared by granny - all makes the holiday even more memorable. Mullaimanalan Radhakrishnan says \"To me, a perfect holiday would be a relaxing summer break at my grand mom's place eating all my favourite foods. A dip in the river , sleeping under the shady trees in her garden and playing traditional games with my cousins - I cherish those days more than anything else and those summer breaks were actually the best. \"Parents feel that kids fancy a trip abroad due to peer pressure. Latha Sriram, a home maker and a mother of two, tells \"I cannot imagine the kids of this generation being engaged in such family bonding exercises. They prefer all that is extravagant and rising standards make way for materialistic things. Thinking back on how much I miss those days, I also feel bad for the next generation that hardly finds the time to enjoy simple joys of life. But looks like the trend is making a comeback. Children have began to realize the importance of being together as a family.\"As the urban life gets boring, city youngsters are increasingly growing fond of visiting the country side. They believe a trip to the grandmom's home amid greenery is not just cost-affective, but also makes for a great family bonding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13616646", "title": "Defence ministry notice to state stakes claim to Adarsh plot", "text": "MUMBAI: The ministry of defence has issued a notice to the state government, staking its claim to the Adarsh housing society plot and asking it to hand over possession of the same to the MoD, failing which it proposes to file a suit in court.The ministry, through advocate Dhiren Shah, served the notice on Monday as part of the legal requirement before approaching the judiciary. The notice is to \"call upon the government of Maharashtra and the Adarsh society to reconsider their legal position in respect of the property and acknowledge the title of my client, ie the Union of India (through MoD), to the property and intimate the same to me or to my client within two months from the receipt of this notice,\" Shah said.If the government does not acknowledge the ministry as title-holder and hands over possession, as is likely given that the judicial panel has held in favour of the society and the state over the ownership of the plot, the ministry will file a suit against the state and Adarsh.Alleging that the commission's findings are contrary to facts, the ministry says the 3,824-sq-m land in Block VI of Colaba division (adjacent to a bus depot), where the 31-storey Adarsh stands, is theirs.\"The property is located well within the military area. And the Union of India is the sole and absolute owner of the property. The Union of India was in possession and ownership of the property as on April 1, 1937, and prior thereto,\" the notice says, adding that by virtue of the Government of India Act, 1935, and Article 294 of the Constitution, the Centre was the owner of the property, which, \"by fraud, collusion and connivance of members and promoters of Adarsh society, certain officials/ministers of the Maharashtra government and certain MoD officers\", was given illegally to the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13614386", "title": "Noted economist passes away", "text": "NEW DELHI: Economist Kitty Menon died on Monday at 89. Menon had retired as a professor of economics from DU and was also the manager of Springdales School at Pusa Road.A member of CPI (M), she studied at London School of Economics . She was a multi-faceted personality who played an active role in DU's teacher's movement. She was instrumental in building up the movement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13624011", "title": "Heat is on; Dholpur boils at 45.1 degree celsius", "text": "JAIPUR: Scorching heat conditions continued in the desert state as majority of the places recorded above 40 degree Celsius on Monday. Dholpur remained hottest registering a maximum temperature of 45.1 degree Celsius.Attributing the continued rise in the mercury to an active upper air cyclonic circulation and vanishing of western disturbances, the met office said that the harsh conditions will prevail in the coming days.Jaipurities woke up to a warmer morning with minimum temperature of 27.8 degree Celsius, followed by blistering heat wave as the city witnessed maximum temperature of 42.7 degree Celsius, almost 2 degrees above the normal maximum temperature.Last week, the city had witnessed maximum temperature of 43.8 degree Celsius. Roads wore a deserted look in the afternoon as people remained confined to their respective offices and homes.Met office also said that there was no respite in the night temperatures as minimum temperatures across the state registered around 30 degree Celsius.\"Usually minimum temperatures of 30 degree Celsius are recorded in areas including Churu, Sriganganagar and Bikaner. But Jaipur too has been witnessing this level of minimum temperature, though there was a temporary respite on Monday when the city recorded a minimum temperature of 27.8 degree Celsius,\" said an officer with the Jaipur met office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13632639", "title": "This one\u2019s for Gauti &amp; SRK: Manoj Tiwary", "text": "Sunday's last action hero, Manoj Tiwary, talks about winning IPL, King Khan's video for the team and partying all nightAt that moment, he was the loneliest man in the middle. But calming his nerves and making a mental note of the field set-up, Manoj Tiwary hit hard to clinch the match - and the cup - for Team Kolkata. He may be on top of the world now, but here's what was going through his mind then... What were you thinking while facing Dwayne Bravo in those nerve-wracking moments? While we were sitting on the bench, Shakib (Al Hasan) and I had a gut feeling that ultimately, the task of finishing the game will fall on our shoulders! So, we were mentally tuned in to the situation. There was pressure but I kept my cool. I surveyed the field set-up and made a mental note of the expected line and length of the ball. Luckily I got it right and the rest, as they say is history. How did you feel after the winning shot? Out of this world! Those two boundaries were very important at that point of time and made all the difference. We wanted to do it for Gauti bhai and SRK. SRK hugged you right after the match. What did he tell you? He congratulated me and was ecstatic after the win. After the match against Team Punjab in Kolkata, which we lost, he had virtually taken a class at a nightclub post match. That day, I had promised myself that I will not go in front of him till we win. I was avoiding him since then, and after the match, that was the first time we came across each other! How did SRK motivate you guys? Before the match, during the team meeting, he showed us this great video that had messages from all our family members. It really touched our hearts and we felt motivated after the viewing. You had an injury and couldn't play before this match, were you worried? I was really tense. You really don't want to miss the semis or finals after working so hard. However, injury is something you cant really help. I wanted to play desperately and rehabilitated myself. When I went for the fitness test, I knew I could make it. Did you speak to your girlfriend after your moment of glory? Of course I did. I have received more than 150 messages and more than 100 phone calls. So it is hard to say when she called... Our celebrations started in the dressing room and we spoke before heading out to party. We had a blast till 6.30 in the morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13620167", "title": "Samwartak Singh to be grilled on May 31", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Recovery of an unattested report of CBI, Chandigarh, mentioning no criminal offence was made out against the former DPI(S) Samwartak Singh from the house of Singh has left CBI sleuths in Delhi gasping. Sources said CBI report was filed in Punjab and Haryana high court and the piece of paper carrying signature of a CBI official was removed from the report.The former DPI(S) and secretary of HUDA, Sector 6, Panchkula, Samwartak, and two others -- Jolly and Hardev Singh -- were asked to appear before CBI sleuths in Delhi. Hardev would appear before the CBI on May 30, while Jolly and Samwartak would be grilled in Delhi on May 31.The joint interrogation of mastermind Jolly and Samwartak Singh would be crucial because a large number of phone calls and messages were exchanged between the two prior to the teacher recruitment scam.Sources told TOI, \"The house and office of Samwartak Singh was raided because he was prima facie found to be involved in the teacher recruitment scam.\"CBI spokesman R K Gaur confirmed the development and said all records pertaining to the cash-for-job scam has been obtained from the officials of CBI, Chandigarh, and from Chandigarh police.A senior CBI official said, \"Selection process for the recruitment of 536 teachers was changed twice after taking the approval of then education secretary-cum-home secretary Ram Niwas, then advisor and other senior officials.\" Role of Samwartak came under scanner when a large number of calls and SMSs were traced between Samwartak and Jolly.Known faceThe FIR number 162, which was registered against Jolly and Hardev Singh by Chandigarh police on September 5, 2009, is undertrial and the case is fixed on the evidences. A chargesheet against Jolly and Hardev was already filed. CBI officials said as investigation was taken over by separate investigation agency, trials of previous case would be stayed. Jolly was a known face in UT secretariat and in the office of DPI(S) due to his frequent visits to the offices of several high ups in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13622165", "title": "CMOs murder: High Court grants three more months to CBI", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court on Monday posted the matter related to scam in implementation of the National Rural Health Mission in Lucknow and murder of two chief medical officers Dr VK Arya and Dr BP Singh on August 23, virtually granting about three months further extension to the CBI to solve the murder mysteries. The court had in July 2011 directed the central agency to take up the cases with the expectation that the reputed agency will solve the cases within three months. The CBI over and again sought extension of time, since July 2011 and every time the court accepted its demand with little rebuke.On Monday, complying with a direction issued by a division bench, the CBI investigating officers appeared before the court with the case diary of the cases. Considering the seriousness of the matter, the judges of the bench called the CBI counsel Bireshwar Nath and investigators in the retiring chamber for perusal of case diary and probe papers. After a considerable period, the bench directed to list the matter on August 23 for orders.The two sensational murders had rocked the state capital and it was suspected that the murders had close links with sharing of NRHM funds. Earlier, the police took up the investigations and almost reached to the conclusion forwarding a chargesheet against few accused, but the lower courts had returned the chargesheets to the police to do the probe in right direction. Thereafter, the high court issued directives to the CBI in July 2011 for further investigation into the matter. After a year, the CBI is still beating around the bush. Ironically, the accused put in the jail are neither being tried for murder charges nor are they able to get bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13615899", "title": "Lecturer booked for sexual harassment in Mundikota", "text": "GONDIA: Lecturer Sanjay Kalbande of Subhash School and Junior College, Mundikota in Tiroda tehsil was booked for cheating, sexual exploitation and atrocities on one of his tribal students. Offence has also been registered against his three colleagues and eight members of the lecturer's family.According to police sources, a tribal girl of Navegaon Khurd village of Tiroda tehsil was a student of this school and college since year 1998-99 and prof Sanjay Kalbandhe was her lecturer and after completing her studies she started teaching in this school on honorarium basis. Meanwhile, Kalbande had been assuring her that he would pay the required amount for her regular appointment in this school and on the pretext of marriage, keeping her in the dark about her first marriage, developed sexual relationship with her from August 2011 till May 5 2012. Finally, they got married at Rukmini Temple in Korni Ghat on May 1, 2012.The ceremony was attended by Sanjay's colleagues Vijay Bhanadarkar, RD Patle and Bhaurao Nagmoti. After marriage, when Sanjay took the bride home, his first wife and other members of his family denied them entry into the house. The girl then lodged a complaint with Tiroda police .Dy SP of Tiroda, Anil Paraskar is investigating further the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13620066", "title": "New JJ hospital menu caters to health, taste", "text": "MUMBAI: JJ Hospital patients no longer have to eat pumpkin curry twice a day seven times a week. They now get a different vegetable curry every day along with dal and rice and soft rotis twice a day. The general idea that hospital food makes a patient more sick is slowly changing. More hospitals are now catering not only to the patients' nutritional needs, but also to their taste buds.JJ Hospital recently bought a roti-maker, which has made it possible for the hospital kitchen to make 4,000 rotis per day. The change in menu has enabled the patients to get a healthy diet of rotis twice a day, instead of bread, which was served to them for dinner. \"The rotis not only make a better eating option for patients but are also healthier than bread and economical for the hospital,\" said Dr T P Lahane, dean of JJ Hospital.Though the roti maker has been working only for a week, the patients are already happy with the quality and variety of the food they have been getting. According to sources, earlier, about 600 patients of the total 1,400 opted for food from hospital's kitchen, while the rest preferred food from home. Now, about 1,000 admitted patients are eating the hospital food.\"It was a herculean task for us to make so many rotis even once a day. But now, all we have to do is make little balls of dough and place it in the machine, which does the rest,\" said the head cook of the hospital.Nutritionist Vibha Kapadia said, \" If the food is not tasty, or is bland, the patient would refuse to have it.\"JJ Hospital is not alone in the run to provide good food to patients. GT Hospital and St George Hospital are also set to change their menu. KEM Hospital already has a roti-maker in place. \"We make it a point to provide food rich in proteins and vitamins and is also palatable for the patients,\" said KEM dean Dr Sanjay Oak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13637370", "title": "Madhavan, Lakshmi Manchu host SIIMA awards!", "text": "The pair will be coming together on stage for the first time at this new awards.It's official. Lakshmi Manchu's latest tweet says that she and actor Madhavan will be hosting the SIIMA awards which will be held in Dubai in June.The actress-producer says that she's super excited to be hosting the awards which are being held for the first time. A brainchild of Vishnu Induri who also created the Celebrity Cricket League, the SIIMA awards are aimed at the south states. These awards in fact are seen as the IIFA south awards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "13621084", "title": "Woman self-immolates over son's demand for money", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: Upset for being subjected to mental and physical torture by an alcoholic son over money matters, a 70-year-old widow self immolated at Burhia village of Jagadhari on Monday. Victim Bimla Devi's charred body was found outside the residence of the accused, her son Harjinder, who was arrested in a case of abetment to suicide registered at Burhia police station.The body was first spotted by villagers who informed the sarpanch. A police team headed by SHO Sukh Ram took the body for postmortem. SHO Sukh Ram, the investigating officer, said a case was registered on the complaint of Bimla's daughter Rajni.Rajni accused Harjinder of having forced their mother to take such extreme step as she was tortured for money she got in lieu of selling agriculture land.\"Rajni said that the victim had recently sold land for Rs 80,000 and she gave Rs 35,000 to Harjinder. However, he asked for more money. There were occasions when Bimla was forced to sleep in their neighbour's home,\" said the investigating officer.Harjinder, a daily wager, refused to change his attitude towards his mother despite being counselled by relatives, the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13639520", "title": "I hope to visit India soon: Caroline Wozniacki", "text": "Former World No. 1 WTA player Caroline Wozniacki talks about her association with Oriflame and her hopes to visit India.Have you been to India? If not, have you any plans to visit the country? No I have not, but I would love to. I don't currently have any plans to visit India, but I hope to soon. I have heard many great things about India.Who are your style icons? I don't have one style icon in particular because I try to have many different styles. However, I am particularly fond of the brands Hermes and Louis Vuitton .What made you decide to be a champion for change for Oriflame? Caroline Wozniacki: I have always wanted to get involved with a company that stands for a lot of the things that I try to represent. As a champion for chance for Oriflame, I have been able to use my celebrity status to touch those less fortunate, which fits in perfectly with what I want to stand for and what they stand for.You are the first woman from Scandinavia to become the World No. 1 ranked women's player, and have been a role model to many women from the region and around the world because of this achievement. The thought of being a role model for many women around the world is very flattering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13603605", "title": "Katrina, Salman skip Karan Johar's birthday bash", "text": "Having attended her kid-brother's graduation in culinary arts in Zurich , at precisely 1.30 am on Friday-Saturday morning Priyanka Chopra flew straight from the airport to the Taj Lands End, the venue for Karan Johar's extravagantly-discussed birthday extravaganza. She was one of the last guests to arrive and one of the last to leave. Having landed hours ago Priyanka displayed no sign of jetlag or fatigue.Says a very khaas mehmaan at the Johar jamboree, \"In fact Priyanka was in specially high spirits that evening. Looking radiant, animated and chattering nineteen-to-the-dozen, Priyanka looked triumphant, and why not? She had been put back on Johar's guest list after being knocked off.\"Throughout the evening Priaynka was seen talking and whispering into Johar's ears but discreetly avoiding contact-eye or otherwise-with Johar's best friend Shah Rukh Khan. It was a mixed triumph for Priyanka. As she was allowed into the coveted party only after Mrs Shah Rukh Khan, Gauri, granted permission.The imposing Mrs Khan has laid down certain ground rules for her husband vis-a-vis Ms Chopra: no films together and no hobnobbing socially beyond niceties. Incidentally Mrs Khan had laid down similar rules for her husband vis-a-vis Aishwarya Rai and Rani Mukherjee. But that's another story.Meanwhile back at the most hotly-discussed party of the millennium, it was a formal affair with elaborate arrangements. Says one of the top actresses who attended, \"It was a sit-in dinner with loads of Punjabi khana. Because that's what KJO loves.The glamorous decor was stylishly designed by Manish Malhotra . It was good to see the stars dressed in formals rather than the tee-shirts some of them wear even to formal events.\"Most of Karan Johar's friends from the film industry(which means nearly everyone) turned up. Conspicuous by their absence were Salman Khan and Johar's chikni chameli Katrina Kaif , both of whom are currently shooting in Bangkok . Unlike Sanjay Dutt who left his shooting in Jodhpur for Soham Shah's Sher for an evening to be in Mumbai for his new pal KJO's 'Happy Burday' Katrina and Salman gave the event a skip for different seasons.Salman, a source close to him informs, gave in to KJO's persuasive powers and said yes to the invitation in spite of knowing 'he' (read: SRK) would be there. But then friends advised Salman against providing titillating fodder for the shutterbugs. Also a co-star whom Salman trusts blindly reminded him what had transpired at another birthday bash in 2008 (Katrina's) where Salman and SRK nearly came to blows. That clinched the matter. No Salman at the Johar bash.As for Katrina she was advised to fly down for Karan's sake. Those close to her said it would be good PR. But then a member of her staff made the mistake of pointing out to Katrina that flying down for the event was imperative since Priyanka Chopra too was doing the same. That did it.Says a friend of Katrina, \"Never tell Kat to do something just because someone else is doing the same. Kat loves KJO and recently did the chikni chameli song for him free of cost. It's another matter that KJO didn't gift her the promised Ferrari. Or that she is yet to sign on a full-fledged heroine's role in Dharma. Katrina would have still flown down from Bagkok. But when she heard Priyanka was flying straight in from Zurich, Kat decided not to. It would make her seem like she was vying for space in the Dharma scheme of things.\" Not that Salman or Katrina were missed. There was plenty of excitement on the guest list. Vidya Balan (trying hard to convince everyone around that she hadn't heard any negative comments on her lavni item song in Ferrari Ki Sawari )and boyfriend Siddharth Roy Kapoor made their first together appearance at a filmy do.Says a guest at KJO's bash, \"The couple made no attempt to hide their feelings. Kapoor looked after Vidya like a good husband and even fed her from his plate.\" Incidentally Mr Kapoor is keen to tie the knot immediately. But Ms Balan's spiralling box office fortunes are proving the villain.Other guests at the star-studded party were Tabu and Urmila Matondkar (talking animatedly maybe about spinsterhood), Hrithik Roshan , Farhan Akhtar , Shahid Kapoor , Bipasha Basu (no, the last two-named were not together), Anushka Sharma , Arjun Kapoor, Kangna Ranaut , Boman Irani, Kangna Ranaut, Yash Chopra , Ashutosh Gowariker, Rahul Bose , Ronit Roy, Uday Chopra.Jaya Bachchan arrived solo. And, Rekha didn't show up to do another Silsila for the paparazzi outside parliament. Johar's 'Amit Uncle' Mr Bachchan and Abhishek are abroad for the former's treatment. Says an appreciative guest, \"There were no glitches, no stress. No one misbehaved or got drunk.It was wonderfully organized. There was a sitdown dining area and the food was served with warmth and for a change we all actually ate at a party. KJO had asked everyone not to reach his party after dinner. And there was a separate room for desserts.It was all very stylish. We left by 1.30 am. But the party went on till 4 am.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13614263", "title": "CBSE results: Many schools claim 100% result", "text": "INDORE: There were quite a few students who have not cleared all their subjects, but got 'compartment' grade; which allows them another shot at clearing that subject in a special July exam. This helps the students as it does not waste their academic year and allows them to take provisional admission immediately in the first year of any undergraduate/diploma course.A number of city-schools claimed of achieving 100% result. Delhi Public School claimed that 17 students have secured above 90% marks. Kavisha Dang scored cent percent in Chemistry while Puloma Singh Raghav scored the similar marks in Psychology. She received 96.2% in Humanities stream.Shishukunj too achieved 100% results this year with all students getting first division in XII board examination. Other prominent city schools including Choithram, Daly College, Queens College , Advanced Academy, Emerald Heights, Sri Satya Sai School, St Raphael and Gujarati Samaj too achieved excellent results with students having great jubilations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "13620679", "title": "SIT report challenges acquittal of accused", "text": "PATIALA: Three days after an FIR was lodged against DSP (retd) Harbhajan Singh, the police on Monday sent a report prepared by the special investigation team (SIT) to director (prosecution), Punjab, to challenge the acquittal of Amritbir who allegedly killed four of his family on August 12, 2010, but was let go on April 28 due to a weak chargesheet, in the high court.Despite the efforts by SIT under the supervision of Patiala range DIG L K Yadav, sources said it could only rectify around five alleged deliberate lapses by the then investigating officer Harbhajan Singh, as crucial evidence was lost.The SIT led by SP Priptal Singh Thind found around nine lapses including that the then investigating officer had failed to put up the fingerprint and ballistic reports - two major evidences.Police failed to supply the bullets to the laboratory, no fingerprint report was made available, recovery of the weapon and other clues was all flawed, the motive of the murders could not be elaborated and circumstantial evidence was not listed in the case file, according to SIT. Also, the call details of the accused were improper and the cops depended on the witnesses who later turned hostile. No blood samples were sent for DNA testing. A senior SIT member said, \"Every one in Nabha knows that Amritbir belonged to a rich family and we suspect that money might be reason for the then investigating officer to present a weak chargesheet.\"The police have sent the SIT report to the office of director (prosecution), which shall forward the same to the AG office in Punjab, Then, an appeal would be filed in the Punjab and Haryana high court challenging acquittal of the accused.The DIG has formed a new SIT headed by Barnala SSP Surjit Singh, who has been conducting further investigation to find out if the then investigating officer Harbhajan Singh was bribed in any way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13624384", "title": "Was told no future in Arts: Topper", "text": "JAIPUR: Nidhaanjit Jain, a student of Maharaja Sawai Man Singh Vidyalaya, has come out with flying colours by securing a 96.80% in Arts stream.His favourite subject is economics which he plans to study further. Critical of the bias towards science and commerce to attain high scores, Nidhaajit said, \"Most people think that students who cannot get admission in science or commerce stream because of low percentage opt for Arts. They think there is no future in the subject.\"His peers too warned him against taking up Arts. \"Many told me it is not an intelligent thing to do,\" he chuckled. However, he is positive about more students opting for humanities in near future.As a student of Arts, one develops a broader perspective on a variety of issues, and is encouraged to form an informed opinion on these, he said.Nidhaanjit loves participating in debates, and won the most promising speaker award in Gibson Debate 2011, which witnesses participation of several well-known schools across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13618188", "title": "Court rejects plea to hold Goa Cricket Association polls as scheduled", "text": "MARGAO: South Goa district and sessions court judge Anuja Prabhudesai on Monday dismissed the pleas filed by several cricket clubs seeking orders to the Goa Cricket Association (GCA) to hold elections as scheduled on May 27.Passing the order, Prabhudesai observed that \"considering the fact that fair play is the foundation of free exercise of electoral rights, the balance of convenience lies in the postponement of the elections.\" The court had earlier heard arguments on May 26 and adjourned the matter to Monday for orders.Speaking to mediapersons, GCA counsel Subodh Kantak said fresh elections will be held before the present body's term ends on July 26. The court also upheld arguments advanced by GCA's election committee, respondents in the case, that most of the members had not filed nominations owing to the controversy over the elections. The court noted that these members would be deprived of contesting the elections if they were held as scheduled. \"As against this, the petitioners have not spelt out any prejudice that will be caused to them if the elections are postponed,\" the court held.Observing that the clubs have failed to establish the \"prerequisites essential for granting interim relief\", Prabhudesai rejected the petitions filed under Section 9 (interim measures by court) of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act 1996.During the hearing, senior counsels from Mumbai, Pradeep Sancheti and Jamshed Mistri, who argued on behalf of the clubs, said the election process once set in motion cannot be stopped. On the other hand, the GCA counsel, stated that several clubs had a grievance about holding the elections in view of the conflicting stands adopted by the GCA and association's election committee.The issue was referred to arbitrator Vallabh Salkar, who in an interim order, restrained the election committee from carrying on with the election process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13636789", "title": "'Our love and rosogolla for the winner'", "text": "After the big victory, and the party on Sunday night, SRK and his IPL team members flew down to Kolkata. And that's because the West Bengal chief minister Mamata Bannerjee is all set to felicitate them on Tuesday.\"I love sports and games. I congratulate the KKR team and Shah Rukh Khan who is also our brand ambassador. Kolkata's name is involved with the team that won the IPL trophy. The name of our city is emotionally attached with KKR. This is important for us,\" Mamata told reporters on Monday.Elaborating on her plans to felicitate the team, the chief minister said, \"They are bringing the IPL trophy. We will organise a function at the Eden Gardens. We have invited some bands like Chandrabindu and Bhumi. I will be there personally during the felicitation and no tickets will be required to enter the stadium tomorrow.\" However, she asked people to take their seats by 10 am for the function that is scheduled to begin at 10.30 am on Tuesday morning.West Bengal ministers Subrata Mukherjee, Arup Biswas, Trinamool Congress MPs Subrata Bakshi and Kunal Ghosh will be there at the city airport to receive Khan and his team. \"From the airport they will move to Hazra Road crossing near Jagubabur Bazar where they will receive a warm reception. Shah Rukh told me during his last visit that he would meet us once they manage to win the IPL trophy. They have won it now and coming to Writers' Building,\" she added.When asked about what she will be gifting the team, Mamata said, \"We are a poor state with huge financial burden. We can only offer the team our heartiest love and they will be treated to sweetmeats from Bengal's renowned confectioner Nakur Chandra Nandy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13617631", "title": "Season-ender: Mercury peaks in city on final day of kathri", "text": "CHENNAI: The city has its way of saving its worst for last. On the final day of 'kathri' on Monday, the city recorded the hottest day of the season at 42.5 Celsius. The temperature was registered at Nungambakkam in the heart of the city.Several commuters said that the effect was accentuated by the hot winds blowing through the city making the conditions seem similar to those experienced in deserts.When the maximum temperature on Monday shot up by more than 4 Celsius from the 38 Celsius registered on Saturday, people were caught between the blazing sun and melting roads. \"Tar and bitumen get hotter than anything else under the sun and dust adds to the problems,\" said Deepa Sabrina, a who rides to work at an insurance company on a two-wheeler.Data from the Regional Meteorological Department says that other than the hottest temperatures for May registered in 2002 (43.4 Celsius), 2003 (45 Celsius) and 2007 (43 Celsius), Monday's temperature is being considered the hottest for this month in the last 10 years.\"The temperature took a severe toll on people who have to travel as part of their jobs. The wind direction is westerly to south-westerly these days. As the sea breeze sets in late, the heat stays till late afternoon, making it the most uncomfortable part of the day,\" said an official. He added that the temperature is expected to dip slightly from Tuesday. The weather is expected to stay hot for one more week until the southwest monsoon sets in over Kerala and some change will be experienced in Chennai.\"After 2007, this is the first time that the temperature has crossed the 42 Celsius mark in May. It was 41.7 Celsius in 2011 and 40.9 Celsius in 2010,\" the official said.The highest the mercury has reached in the city was 45 Celsius in 2003.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "nashik/ mumbai", "code": "13618546", "title": "Kasara Ghat mishap death toll rises to 6", "text": "NASHIK/ MUMBAI: The death toll in Sunday's Kasara Ghat accident, where a truck carrying a marriage party plunged into a 50-feet ravine, rose to six as three victims succumbed to injuries on Monday morning.Shobha Dhonde (45), Ratnakar Ghade (45) and Leelabai Bhor (60) succumbed to injuries at a Nashik hospital on Monday.The deceased are residents of Gulabwadi in Nashik and had gone to Kasara for the marriage of their relative Sunil Chandramore. Since the Godavari train was cancelled on Sunday due to a mega block, the family hired a truck from Lahavit and went to Kasara for the celebrations.After the ceremony, the marriage party started back home in the same truck, which plunged into the ravine from a bridge that has access to the national highway towards the Nashik-end. Akash Bhole (15) died on the spot while Atul Chandra More (28) and Madhukar Dhonde (45) died while being treated at a hospital in Nashik on Sunday. Akash Bhole was cremated on Sunday late night.A pall of gloom descended over Gulab Wadi as the remaining five bodies were being taken to the crematorium. Shops in the nearby areas remained closed when the bodies were being taken. As the accident claimed most of the family members, there was hardly anyone in the house.The Kasara police are waiting to arrest the driver to further probe the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13639355", "title": "Trisha gets flak for being in KKR camp", "text": "The actor was spotted in the Kolkata Knight Riders camp during the final match of Indian Premier League (IPL) in Chennai on Sunday nightTrisha Krishnan was seen cheering for Shahrukh Khan's Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) during the finals of the IPL match. But this not go down too well wish her fans. They took to the internet and posted hate messages against the actor. But Trisha kept her cool and responded, saying, \"Don't make it a big issue. I will always support only Chennai Super Kings (CSK) but I have some KKR friends too. Let us have a large heart 'n' be happy for others.\"Trisha is a great lover of cricket, and Sachin Tendulkar is her favourite batsman. Recently, an insurance company gifted her a bat personally signed by the master blaster and this gesture put the actor on cloud nine.Source: bollywoodlife.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13621509", "title": "Women tortured, tonsured for theft", "text": "KOLKATA: Three women were tied to a tree and beaten up mercilessly after some locals caught them red handed while stealing saris from a store in Jagaddal on Monday. Sources said they were later tonsured by the locals. Police have arrested the trio and also detained a local for beating up the accused.The incident took place near Jagaddal's Kamalpur locality. Saresa Bibi, Najira Bibi and Reshma Bibi - all residents of Kankinara - entered a shop and allegedly put two saris in their bags without making any payment.A worker in the shop noticed this and decided to search their bags. After the saris were found inside the bags, the locals took the women to a nearby tree and tied them to that. They were severely beaten up and tonsured. Cops rushed to the spot to rescue the women, who were almost in an unconscious state. They were taken to Bhatpara state general hospital and later arrested.The cops later detained the owner of the sari shop for provoking the mob to launch an attack on the women. \"We are interrogating the shop owner,\" said police sources.Three women were caught by locals, tied to a tree, beaten mercilessly and tonsured for trying to steal saris from a store at Jagaddal, North 24 Parganas on Monday. The police later arrested the three women and also detained one of the locals for tying the women to a tree and beating them.locals started beating them up and also tonsured them. They almost fainted as locals went on beating them mercilessly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13449657", "title": "Do you like Googling your name?", "text": "Typing in your name more than just once to see what the online world throws up about you? We explore what experts now call Virtual Vanity...We are obsessed with everything from what we wear to what we look like the next morning. An obsessed lot, we humans are. And so it isn't a surprise when you type in your name online to search what the Internet has to say about you. You know you've gone too far over the edge when you actually do that! Virtual vanity, as they say, is something we've all done, accept it. We sit behind the safety of our computer screens, rubbing hands in glee, typing out our own name just to see how the Internet is going to praise us for all the work we've done. However, is this activity normal?\"I honestly don't see anything wrong with this,\" says Avinash Sridhar, a student. \"Whatever your age is \u2014 14 or 40, I am pretty sure everyone's googled their name at least once just to see our name being glorified in more ways than one. I have done it too!\"Like Avinash, there are many others who go online and type in their name just for the feel good factor. So, are we humans being increasingly narcissistic? Or are we just desperately looking for some kind of assurance to prove that we are superior to other people? Narcissism isn't just a combination of self-esteem and rudeness. Real-life narcissists need other people to tell them what they are and validate their worth.Roy Baumeister, a social psychologist at Florida State University, quotes that studies have shown that narcissists are willing to sacrifice being liked if they think it's necessary to be admired. Psychologists believe that the activity of searching for reassurance isn't really that big a deal. Narcissism has a wide range of meanings \u2014 from being a psychoanalytic theory to even a personality trait. In psychology, the term is described as self-love and unhealthy self-absorption due to disturbance in the sense of self.Parvati John, a clinical psychologist, believes that this activity is just one of self-esteem boosting ones. \"We have different programmes that promise to up our self esteem and grant us more confidence. Just like those programmes, this too is an inbuilt behaviour. We're unconsciously looking for assurance. The beauty of it here is that there is some humour involved. Virtual vanity is just us looking for someone to say, 'hey! You're printed online! Good job with that!''And I don't see why that is a crime,\" she says. Although the activity seems healthy, the fact that you can find information about anybody creeps out a lot of people. Lakshmi Diwakar, a fitness expert, says that the Internet is such a transparent medium that it is almost creepy to know that someone is searching for your name.\"Imagine all my information just lying there on the Internet. That is just plain weird. But of course, that's how it is if you are going to be doing something in the city. If you have a business, a profession that benefits other people, then your footprint will definitely appear on the Internet. It is inevitable and maybe most of us who fear such transparency will just have to live with it!\" says Lakshmi.While a few are completely irked by the loopholes of the web, Siny Kurien enjoys the attention and indulges in a daily dose of 'Siny-sessions' as she'd like to call it. \"I am a freelance designer and I have a blog with all my designs and sketches. I do get a lot of response mostly from friends and family and honestly, it's nice to get that attention,\" says Siny. \"Whose privacy am I breaching? Whose space am I invading? Nobody's. So I guess I am completely in the safe zone here!\"Know your fact: Narcissus was a handsome Greek youth who rejected the desperate advances of the nymph Echo. As a punishment, he was doomed to fall in love with his own reflection in a pool of water. Unable to consummate his love, Narcissus 'lay gazing enraptured into the pool, hour after hour', and finally changed into a flower that bears his name, the narcissus.Seven deadly sins of NarcissismShamelessness: Narcissists are usually incapable of processing shame in a healthy way. This inability to digest shame comes from unhealthy narcissism.Magical thinking: Individuals start seeing themselves as perfect people, using distortion and illusion known as Magical thinking.Arrogance: When a narcissist feels low, they will take an effort to lift themselves up by debasing or degrading other people.Envy: Narcissists acquire a sense of superiority over others by using contempt as a form of putting the other person down.Entitlement: They hold unreasonable expectations about treatment from other people.Exploitation: Self-absorbed inviduals exploits others without any concern for the other person's feelings", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13617406", "title": "Fake IRS official held at hotel", "text": "CHENNAI: A 29-year-old man from Bengaluru was arrested on Sunday for posing as an IRS official and trying to enter a star hotel near the Boat Club.Police said H Vishwas Sree, a business administration graduate, tried to enter the hotel saying he wanted to meet a member of the Chennai Super Kings cricket team who was staying there.When security officials intercepted him, he showed them a visiting card that described him as an IRS official. He said he was a close friend of the team's manager. When the security staff enquired with the manager about the man, he replied in the negative.Hotel security officer Selvaraj then alerted the Teynampet police who found him to be a fake. Vishwas Sree, who said he had duped a few hotel employees in Bengaluru similarly, was remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh/ gurgaon", "code": "13614513", "title": "Haryana government to buy power from private firms", "text": "CHANDIGARH/ GURGAON: Under fire for plunging the Millennium City into darkness, the Haryana government on Monday said it would sign short-term purchase agreements to arrange for additional electricity of 250MW to bring down the demand-supply gap.Shrugging off an in-principle ban on spot buying, the Haryana government has now decided to buy power on the open market in view of the current situation.\"Short-term purchase of power may not be the final solution but will certainly help in improving the situation in critical areas like Gurgaon,\" Haryana power minister Ajay Singh said on Monday.While the entire state is facing a power crisis due to a big demand-supply gap, it's Gurgaon which is the worst hit with daily electricity cuts lasting for as many as nine hours.At present, the daily power consumption in the state is 1,300 lakh units against the available supply of 1,100 lakh units from all sources. Gurgaon faces a shortfall of 15% in supply. The power demand at present in Gurgaon is 200 lakh units while the supply is 170 lakh units.According to power discom officials, unable to fill the demand-supply gap, the state has also been losing a major chunk of electricity in line losses.According to a recent Haryana Electricity Regulatory Commission ( HERC) report, the line losses including power pilferage and transmission losses are up to 24% in various pockets of Haryana, which in turn translates into a shortfall of at least 200 lakh units of supply every year.Officials of the Haryana Power Generation Corporation Limited (HPGCL) claimed the power situation would improve after the Jharli power plant, with a capacity of 1,320MW, becomes operational by the first week of June.Officials said that one unit of the power plant in Khedar and one unit of the Yamunanagar thermal power plant of 300MW capacity each would also be operational by June 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13634228", "title": "Prince William was unsure about marrying Kate", "text": "Prince William was so scarred by his parent's broken marriage that he doubted whether he could be faithful to Kate, a new book has claimed.According to veteran royal reporter Penny Junor's biography 'Prince William, Born to Be King,' with the failed marriage of his parents Prince Charles and the late Princess Diana still weighing on him, he had hesitated.\"The problem was William: he had very real worries about whether it was possible to love just one woman,\" the New York Daily News quoted Junor as writing.\"After his hurricane childhood, he was understandably cautious about committing to a relationship.\"The couple has had their share of troubles before tying the knot last year, including a high-profile 2007 split.\"Their most public breakup was initiated by William,\" wrote Junor.\"What brought him running back, according to someone who knows him well, was jealousy. Although his girlfriend had been miserable, she hadn't sat moping at home but had hit the town night after night, wearing a brave face and a sexy dress.\"It was not just the now 30-year-old Kate's nights out that irritated the Prince.\"Kate had always wanted rather more commitment than he was prepared to give,\" Junor has written.Still, according to the book, Charles and Diana's eldest son, now 29, had trouble with women long before he met his future wife.Chronicling the lives of the royals is nothing new for Junor as she has also written biographies of Prince Charles, Princess Diana and Queen Elizabeth.However, Junor's history with the royal family hasn't always made her job easier.\"I have been called vile, villainous and evil,\" she has said of responses to the book, which has been accused of shilling for Prince Charles and his wife, the Duchess of Cornwall, and disparaging both William's wife and his mother, Di.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13614200", "title": "MBBS student among 3 held for SBI paper leak", "text": "NEW DELHI: The gang which leaked question papers for the AIIMS PG entrance five months ago did the same two days ago with the SBI recruitment examination for stenographers and clerks. The main accused, MBBS student Ravi Atri - who also allegedly masterminded the AIIMS paper leak - and two others were arrested in the SBI case from west Delhi's Shahbad Dairy area on Sunday morning.\"The crime branch has been looking for Atri since the AIIMS scam in January earlier this year. His arrest was crucial for neutralizing the gang that was charging around Rs 25 lakh for major all-India competitive exams and was attracting candidates from as far as Madhya Pradesh and Jammu and Kashmir,\" said a top officer of Delhi Police. Besides Atri (25), the outer district of Delhi Police has also arrested Amarjeet and Nawal, both in their early 20s.The gang used almost the same modus operandi. Joint commissioner (northern range) Tejinder Luthra said an online application form for the exam was filled in the name of a dummy candidate by using fake ID cards.On the exam day, the dummy candidate took his seat and scanned the question paper using an iphone-fitted watch concealed under his shirt sleeves. The watch, used instead of last time's mobile phones, was imported from Germany. The images were then transmitted to a roaming control room - a Santro - and downloaded into a laptop. The questions were solved by several people and the answers dictated to the candidates who had Bluetooth devices stitched near the shirt collar and were also wearing minute earphones. The iphone watches were also used to send the answers.Luthra added, \"Bluetooth and earphones were also used to confirm whether the transmitted photographs were legible.\" The accused were arrested in the Santro that was used as the mobile control room. A laptop, a printer and a SIM card were also found on them, said B S Jaiswal, deputy commissioner of police. Five people, including a doctor and another MBBS student, have been arrested in the AIIMS case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13620398", "title": "Children brave scorching sun, walk for miles to fetch water for home", "text": "MUMBAI: The Vidarbha region, which lost many a farmer to agrarian crisis, is now staring at a bigger demon: Drought.Among the six districts of Vidarbha, Buldhana and Amravati have been declared drought-hit. The immediate outcome is that children have to brace the scorching sun and walk for miles to collect water. Each child has been spending at least four hours daily walking to and from a source of water. Children, mainly girls, are assigned the task of fetching water as their parents sweat it out on farms in a bid to make ends meet.Take, for instance, Amravati's Nandgaon Khandeshwar taluka. In Sarasi village, children have to walk a minimum of one km to reach a hand pump. Payal Beramkar (8) walks thrice a day, balancing pots of water and braving heat that ranges between 45 degrees Celsius and 48 degrees Celsius. \"I don't like to fill water because my body aches at the end of the day, but I have to do it because my parents ask me to,\" she said.Older girls have to carry more water. \"At a time, I carry two big pots with 30 litres of water. Often, we have to stand in a queue for two hours,\" said Pooja Bamburde (16). \"We get headaches, fever and worse, diarrhoea, if we do this for long.\"In the neighbouring Buldhana district, the tribal village of Gumthi is facing a similar problem. People in Akola district are urging the government to declare it drought-hit. Residents of Ajani village took out a morcha to the district collector's office last week to protest against water scarcity.Amravati divisional commissioner Ganesh Thakur said, \"Last year, the gap between rainfall days was big because of which water did not enter the ground. This resulted in depletion of ground water. In Amravati, all the 1,981 villages have below average crop productivity and 747 of the 1,459 villages in Buldhana are badly affected. Hence, these two were declared drought-hit. Akola, Washim and Yavatmal are also facing an acute water shortage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13638243", "title": "Navya Nair is coming back with Lal", "text": "After a long gap, Navya Nair is coming back to the big screen. In her upcoming next, 'Scene Onnu Namudae Veedu' with Lal, she is playing the role of a teacher and his wife.Movie is directed by Shyju Anthhikkad and the script is written by Shailesh Kumar . Shafeer Seth is the producer of the movie.Source: Kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13621327", "title": "Should Gambhir replace Dhoni as Test skipper?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Has leading KKR to the IPL title revived Gautam Gambhir's chances of captaining India in Tests, the only format where experts feel change is necessary?With his forceful and passionate IPL stint, Gambhir has clearly thumbed his nose at national selectors who ignored him and elevated Virat Kohli to the ODI vice-captaincy in February.That move followed on the heels of a public discord between Gambhir/Sehwag and Dhoni over team composition in Australia. The selectors' decision was largely perceived to have been undertaken for non-cricketing reasons, since Gambhir has also led India in 6 ODIs and boasts a 100% international captaincy record.Post-IPL , a feeling is gaining ground that the selectors may have to revisit their choices. India's recent Test record is poor. There is a popular sentiment that Dhoni is overburdened and the skipper himself has repeatedly hinted he is not averse to stepping down in one format (read Tests). Kohli is still taking baby steps in Tests and it's too early to make him captain.In that context, IPL-5 became a two-horse race to notch up captaincy brownie points and showcase leadership abilities . One contender, Virender Sehwag , began impressively but ended up hurting his chances with some illogical decisions at crucial stages. So unforgivable were the errors that Sehwag's tactical acumen is now being called into question.With Gambhir's team trumping Dhoni's CSK in the final, it's no coincidence the Delhi opener was eager to get in the right soundbytes almost immediately: \"It (the win) proves a captain is only as good as his team. The team makes a successful captain; a successful captain does not make a successful team.\"It completed a long list of related noises Gambhir has been making since the IPL began, with statements like, \"When you go out on the field, you don't go out to make friends.\"Ex-India captain Ajit Wadekar feels Gambhir is an able leader who could spice up India's tactical acumen in the longer versions. \"Sehwag has been disappointing. There's no doubt Gambhir has shown he is eager to excel and has the smarts for the job,\" Wadekar told TOI, \"But it is unlikely selectors will opt for change now. Dhoni is a tried and tested leader. If he is up for the job in all formats, change is unlikely.\"A well-known former India batsman, also associated with the IPL in the past, said the selectors ' egos would prevent them from making changes unless Dhoni stepped down himself. \"Gambhir and Sehwag were snubbed for non-cricketing reasons so it is unlikely the decision will be reviewed now. Sehwag has come across as a stubborn, confused leader and may have to reconcile to the fact that he is not a contender. Gambhir was fiercely eager to prove a point. Remember, he has been a good captain in domestic cricket.\"Former India spinner Maninder Singh disagreed, saying the selectors were astute enough to recognize the need for change: \"When was the last time you saw a silly point in India's Tests? Gambhir used one in a T20 game. He is a thinking cricketer. Responsibility beings out the best in his batting too. Don't think people haven't noticed his abilities.\"Former India skipper Sourav Ganguly refused to compare the two. \"The time has not come to compare Gambhir with Dhoni as far as captaincy is concerned,\" he told a TV channel.Ganguly insisted that Dhoni is \"the best captain in the shorter versions\" and even in Tests, he said Gambhir gives \"an option to the selectors\" but it is just a \"20% chance\".As characters, Dhoni and Gambhir are like chalk and cheese. Dhoni appears an intuitive , relaxed, in-control character who feels his workplace - the cricket field - isn't the ideal platform for displaying anger or inner frailties . But his Test leadership has lacked bite and he has looked bereft of ideas on recent tours. Gambhir used to be a hot-head who has matured into an intense, no-nonsense , animated leader with a keen tactical sense.Both back their key players , have a knack for getting the team composition right and are more than dependable with the bat.India are not playing any overseas Test series for a while now but it's still a tough call for the selectors to make: Is Dhoni overworked? Can Gambhir turn around India's Test fortunes if given the opportunity ?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13619000", "title": "After 4 years, Goa govt gives in principle nod to anti-terrorism squad", "text": "PANAJI: After four long years, the government has finally given its in principle approval to a proposal from the Goa police department to set up a anti-terrorism squad (ATS).The ATS will be a specialized unit conceived to combat any possible terrorist attack in the coastal state.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that in the next three months the government will complete the process of ATS formation. Parrikar recently held a meeting and discussed the formation of ATS in the state.Speaking to TOI, Parrikar said \"Government has in principal approved the proposal for formation of ATS and the file has been moved to the administrative reform department (ARD).\"After ARD recommends the strength for the force, the file will be moved to the finance department for financial approval before cabinet gives its final nod to set up the ATS in Goa.The proposal was sent to the government after Parrikar, said that the ATS is very much on the cards as it is the requirement of modern day policing.The police department, in the proposal, has recommended filling 209 posts of various ranks. The proposal also mentioned that the force should be headed by an officer of the rank of superintendent of police (SP). The proposal has also sought infrastructure facilities like premises, vehicles, technical equipment, computers, technical experts, a cyber crime laboratory, telecom, wireless and commando unit attached with modern weaponry for the ATS.The proposal also recommended that the SP should have financial powers to sanction urgent travel anywhere in the country to investigate the cases. The police department also wanted that a notification be issued to the effect that ATS should be like a police station, capable of investigating any crime. The process to form the ATS was suspended by former home minister Ravi Naik , when it was half way through. The then government had claimed that existing police personnel will be trained to counter terrorist activities.After the Mumbai blasts, the Goa police, in December 2008, had submitted a proposal to the government to set up the ATS. But the erstwhile government sat on the proposal till June 2011. Thereafter, they returned back the same asking the department to resubmit a fresh proposal.This was done in June 2011. But there was no progress in spite of Goa regularly receiving intelligence inputs about being a probable target of terrorists considering the presence of international tourists in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13618765", "title": "Anti-Aquem mega project agitation gains momentum", "text": "MARGAO: The chorus of opposition to the mega construction project located behind the power house at Aquem in the vicinity of natural fresh water springs is growing with every passing day with village civic forums joining the agitation.The Davorlim civic and consumer forum (DCCF), while extending its support to the residents of Navelim and Aquem Baixo in the agitation, has expressed concern over the threat posed to the water bodies by the construction project.\"In the immediate vicinity of this project, there are natural springs such as 'Kumbra zori', 'tollea bandh' which provide natural water to the surrounding wells, ponds and also to the agricultural land in the surrounding area. These springs ensure that the ground water table is maintained. The very existence of these natural water springs is now threatened by the construction of this mega project,\" the press note by DCCF states.Pointing out that water from these springs is being pumped out for the last three months, DCCF said this would lead to a depletion of the ground water table thereby affecting the quality of drinking water in the wells and agricultural activities in the area.DCCF has further stressed on the need to demarcate the areas surrounding the water bodies in the Davorlim-Dicarpale village as eco-sensitive zones after conducting a thorough survey of the area.\"As these are the main water catchment areas, a lifeline of river Sal, the water bodies should be thoroughly cleaned of garbage, weeds, wild grass etc to ensure that ground water table level is not disturbed and contaminated,\" the press release adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13616132", "title": "Service HQs get three-fold hike in financial powers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jolted by General V K Singh sounding the red alert over huge gaps in the Army's operational readiness, defence minister A K Antony on Monday approved a three-fold hike in the financial powers of the Service HQs as part of the measures being taken to fast-track defence procurements.The Service HQs will now be delegated financial powers amounting to Rs 150 crore per contract from the existing Rs 50 crore. The decision was taken at a meeting called by Antony, which was attended by Gen Singh, Admiral Nirmal Verma, Air Chief Marshal N A K Browne and defence secretary Shashikant Sharma, among others, to review the security situation.The government finally seems to be showing some sense of urgency after Gen Singh's disquieting letter to PM Manmohan Singh in March about \"critical hollowness\" in arms and ammunition in his 1.13-million strong force.MoD is now trying to fast-track several Army procurement projects worth well over Rs 15,000 crore. These include new regiments of BrahMos supersonic cruise missiles and Pinaka multi-barrel rocket launchers as well as 10,000 Konkurs-M anti-tank guided missiles and 25,000 Invar missiles to arm the T-90S tanks, as was first reported by TOI.Antony has already held three review meetings to fast-track these and other procurement projects, which together number over 100, as well as boost infrastructure development along the borders with China and Pakistan for swifter troop and equipment mobility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13618122", "title": "Michael's boy scores 97.8%, DAV, DPS girls 97.2%", "text": "PATNA: Girls outshone boys in the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) Plus-2 examination not only in India but also in the board's Patna region that comprises Bihar and Jharkhand. The overall pass percentage of the region is 71%. While 80.50% girls succeeded in the region, 66.30% boys managed to clear the exam.CBSE Patna regional officer U S Sorte said 43,268 students passed out of 60,935 students who appeared at the examination this year. He said 8,754 students would appear at the compartmental exam to be held on July 16.In the science stream, Kumar Abhishek of St. Michael's High School secured 97.8% marks. He scored a perfect 100 in physics and chemistry. Abhishek, who has already been selected for the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), said, \"I want to pursue research in electronic circuits. I have already designed many and won the 1st prize at an exhibition organized in the city last year.\"Shreyansh and Affham of the same school also came out with flying colours, securing 96.8% marks.Sharduli Raghvendra of Delhi Public School secured 97.2%, followed by her schoolmate Pooja Sinha who got 95.8% marks. Lilly Kumari of DAV BSEB also secured 97.2%. Notre Dame Academy's Anushree got 95.6 % marks, followed by Mehul, who got 94.8%.Aditya Shiv of Loyola High School got 95.4% while his classmate, Abbhigyan Shaswat, got 94.8%. Sujoy Chaubey of Ishaan International Public School scored 94.2% marks. St Karen's High School's Surbhi and Kishore Kunal got 93.4% and 91%, respectively. Patna Central School's Rohit Ranjan secured 93.20% while his batchmate, Priyanka Sinha had 93%. ST. Dominic Savio's High School students also did well. Surbhi Pramanik got 91.4 % marks in biology stream while Pallav got 91.2% in science stream.In commerce stream, Pooja Jha of DAV, BSEB, came out with flying colours with 96.4%. Mansi Aggrawal of DPS School got 95.2% while her batchmate, Vaishnavi got 95%. Kumari Anshika was the third highest scorer in the steam in her school with 94.8%. They were followed by St. Michael's Priyanka Goyal who got 94.8%. Her batchmate, Surbhi achieved 92.4%. NDA's Aiman Ghashli's hard work got her 95.0% while her classmate Harshita Bidasariya got 93.8%. Patna Central School's Nidhi was commerce stream topper in the school with 92.8 % marks while Shobhraj Kumar of Loyola got 91.80% in the same stream. Shrinkhala of St. Karen's achieved 89.2% marks followed by Floyd S Peter with 88.2% marks.Girls also scored high percentage in humanities, too. NDA's Shraddha Chaudhary achieved 96.5% while Utkarsh Aishwaryam of St. Dominic Savio's High School got 92.6%.The Patna-based schools had overall good results. DAV, BSEB, scored 100% result. No NDA student failed. The success rate of St Michael's was 99.75%, St. Karens 99.68%, Ishan International Public School 97%, St Dominic Savio's 92%, B D Public School 92%, and Baldwin Academy 90%. The success rate of DPS was 85.19% and while it was 74% for Shivam International School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13619339", "title": "CBSE class XII results: 98% of students pass in Coimbatore district", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was a mixed affair for the CBSE schools in the city after the class twelve results for the central board examinations was declared on Monday. As many as 216 students from five CBSE schools appeared for the exam. All students except four, two from Kendriya Vidyalayas in Sowripalayam and Sulur cleared the examinations. The highest scorer from the science stream is GG Karunya Dhevi with 489 out of 500 while Anjali Rabisankar of commerce stream topped with 484 out of the total aggregate of 500. Both these students are from Kendriya Vidyalaya Sowripalayam in the city.\"We had 95 students who appeared for the examination. Out of these 36 are from the commerce stream and 59 from the science stream. We expected a slightly better performance but are not disappointed with the results,\" said D Prabhakaran, Principal, Kendriya Vidyalaya, Sowripalayam.The school also had a centum in Mathematics. Two students also scored centum in Biology. The Kendriya Vidyalaya in Sulur had 65 students from the science stream out of which 63 cleared. The toppers from KV Sulur are Sabitha Yadav and Ashwini Pechiappan with 473 out of 500 with 94.6 percent marks.\"Both our toppers had an aggregate of 95 percent. We are generally happy with the results,' said R Chandra kaladharan, Officiating Principal, Kendriya Vidyalaya Sulur.As many as 30 students from Chinmaya Vidyalaya Residential School appeared for the class twelve examination out of which 13 were from the science stream and 17 from the commerce stream. The top scorer of the school was Subankar Sampath Sarda with 471 out of 500 from the science stream.The Angappa CBSE senior Secondary School had four students from the commerce stream. All of them cleared the exam. Shree Sarasswathi Vidhyaah Mandheer CBSe school had 22 students who sat for the exam. All of them have cleared the exam too.Some of the CBSE top scorers were apprehensive about their chances of getting into the colleges of their choice as the state plus two results were announced last week and the colleges had already started admission procedures in full swing. But the CBSE school authorities claimed that it will not affect the students since CBSE twelfth board results are always announced after the state board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13624961", "title": "Jumbo population stable in state", "text": "MYSORE: The number of elephants in the state is more or less the same as the last census in 2007. Preliminary results of the elephant census which concluded last week have proved wrong people who claimed the number of elephants in the state is on the increase and had demanded that the forest department initiate population control measures. The census numbers come as a relief to conservationists, wildlife activists and forest department officials.Ajay Misra, chief conservator of forests, and field director, Elephant Project, told TOI that it will be a couple of months to arrive at the exact figures. \"We're happy that the elephant population is well maintained in Karnataka and stable,\" he said, adding that there's no reason to worry about the numbers.The elephant population in Karnataka forests varied between 4,000 and 6,000. It's said that since 1993, the population has remained static despite the denudation of forest lands. In 1993, the number was determined to be 5,500 and in 2007, it was 5,838. In south India, the number stood at 14005 in addition to 200 elephants in temples and mutts and 90 in forest camps.The study showed that the population is concentrated in eights districts which include Kodagu, Chamarajanagar, Mysore, Bangalore (Rural) Hassan, Chikmagalur, Ramanagaram and Uttara Kannada. Meanwhile, between 2008 and 2011, 516 deaths were recorded in the state and the reasons for it include both natural (ageing) and unnatural (poaching, electrocution, disease and hunting). On the other hand, 163 people have been killed by elephants.Misra said the census is conducted once every five years. \"The methodology is scientifically worked out and there's little scope for error,\" he claimed, adding that in this census, the department has included elephants from both reserved forest areas and elephant corridors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13619407", "title": "CBSE exam: 100% result in many schools", "text": "KANPUR: Laughter and cheers echoed in the schools affiliated with CBSE with the declaration of All India Senior School Certificate Examination (AISSCE) results on Monday. As usual, the girls outnumbered boys both in the toppers list as well as in the pass percentage. Various schools witnessed 100 per cent results.The students of Sir Padampat Singhania Education Centre brought laurel to the school. Megha Singh and Neelima Agarwal secured 96% and 94.4% marks and emerged first and second topper in the science stream in the school. Ishita Bajpai and Stuti Agarwal secured 95.4% and 95.2% in the commerce stream in the school.Lokendra Dwivedi, a meritorious student of Dr Virendra Swaroop Education Center, Shyam Nagar, bagged 95.4 % marks with 99 in chemistry and 100 in economics. Saumya Singh stood second with 93.8 % and 100 marks in mathematics. Prerna Mathur with 89.40 % topped the commerce group.In Delhi Public School, Azad Nagar, six students scored above 90% marks. Apoorva Sachan with 94.8 % in commerce stream topped the school. Arushree Tiwari with 94.6 % in science stream, bagged the second position. Akansha Dixit with 96 % in commerce group from Pooranchandra Vidya Niketan bagged first position in commerce stream in the city. Ujjawal Agarwal in commerce with 95.4 % remained the second topper of the school. Ayushi Bajpai with 95 % remained the science topper of the school.Students of Delhi Public School, Kalyanpur, also performed exceedingly well. Maulshree Singh with 96% marks in science stream topped the school. Afshan Zahra Naqvi with 95.4% remained on the top in commerce in DPS, Kalyanpur.Sana Ahmed with 94.4 % in commerce group brought glory for Woodbine Gardenia School. Priyanka Agarwal with 93.6 % in science stream remained on the second position. Preyash Srivastava with 94 % marks bagged the first position in Mantora Public School. Zubin Arya (IIT-JEE city topper) got 93.2 % marks and remained the third spot in school. Sankalp Gauri Sariya with 93.5 % remained on the second position.Girls from Mariyampur Senior Secondary School were in high spirits. Clinching the top position in school, Jaspreet Kaur got 93.4 %s in commerce group. Priya Saini remained on second position with 93 % in science stream. Namrita Maurya, Jigisha Srivastava and Neha Singh with 91% each bagged first positions in Guru Nanak Modern School in science and commerce streams respectively. Shivani Yadav with 87% in commerce group remained on second position.Gaurav Memorial Public School also witnessed 100% results this year. Sajal Chakravarti with 93%, Shivam Yadav with 91.2% and Priyanshi Singh with 91% remained on the top three positions respectively.Jyoti Singh with 92 % in commerce group of KR Education Center made her teachers proud. Kajal Singh followed with 91.2 % remained on the top among science students in school.In Subhash Public School, Tejas Sahu with 92.4% stood as the school topper in science group. Nidhi Jaiswal with 91.4% stood on second position. Prachi Tripathi with 87% remained the commerce topper in the school. The performance of students of Kendriya Vidyalayas was also outstanding.Kendriya Vidyalaya No 1 Chakeri, recorded highest overall pass percentage. KV1 secured a pass percentage of 96.7%.Mukul Yadav with 93.6 % topped the school in science group while Akash with 92.8 % remained the second topper. Upeksha Jain with 89.2 % bagged first position among commerce students.The overall result of KV2 (Chakeri) was 94.15 %. Deepika Yadav with 93.8% and Jayanti Chandra with 93.6% remained the first and second toppers of the school in science group. Asma Khan with 90.2% bagged the first position in commerce stream.Sahil with 92.4% marks remained the topper of KV3 (Chakeri). Deeksha Agarwal with 86 % remained the commerce topper. The school got 80.6 % overall result.Kendriya Vidyalaya IIT witnessed 94% result this year. Shivangi with 94.6 % in science stream topped the school. Tarun Shukla with 89% in commerce group remained the topper in that group.Naman Taneja of Army school bagged 96% in science stream, who remained the school topper. Shikhar Omar with 91.8 % remained on the second position. Saumya Omar with 87.8 % remained the commerce topper of the school. The school got 98.9 % overall result.The students of Air Force School also performed well this year. Jayesh Navani and Prakhar Mishra with 94.2 and 94% remained the first and second topper in science stream. Amit Kumar with 85.6 % stood first among the commerce students. Differently abled student stands tallNishant Saran Awasthi, a differently abled student of Delhi Public School, Azad Nagar, scored 91.6 per cent marks. His father Raghav Saran Awasthi was overwhelmed by the performance of his son. He could not find words to express his joy. But for this boy, it was 'where there is will, there is a way'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13621465", "title": "A chocolate to slow down aging?", "text": "LONDON: Do you love chocolates? Then, here's some good news for you - eating a modified form of the sweet treat could slow down your aging process, scientists claim. Scientists at biotechnology firm Lycotec in UK have modified chocolate with Coco-Lycosome , an ingredient they have developed, that boosted the power of cocoa flavanols by up to 20 times compared with unmodified chocolate.Cocoa flavanols are the molecules contained in chocolate that improve skin oxygenation, which is an essential factor in slowing the ageing process, the researchers said. A small chunk of this modified chocolate has the same antiaging benefits as two bars of Cadbury Dairy Milk, the researchers said, hoping their feat could transforms chocolate into an anti-aging wonder drug, the Daily Mail reported . \"Two bars a day may be good news for chocoholics but not everybody loves chocolate that much,\" Dr Ivan Petyaev, founder of Lycotec, was quoted as saying.Dr Petyaev added that the technology had no impact on the taste or texture of chocolate and that the ingredient was safe and accepted by the industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13618019", "title": "Gujarat seeks 2 more joint chief electoral officers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: To ensure free and fair assembly elections due in the state in December, the chief electoral officer of Gujarat has sought the appointment of two additional posts of joint chief electoral officer. The chief electoral officer (CEO), Anita Karwal, has sent a letter to the Election Commission (EC) of India in this regard. These joint CEOs would be of the rank of additional secretary and IAS officers.According to Karwal, the two officers will be appointed upon EC's approval. Besides overseeing the elections, these two officers would also keep a check on the expenditure made by the candidates as the commission has decided to enforce strict control over it. These two posts of joint CEO, however, would be temporary.EC guidelines mandate that the expenditure of each candidate has to be strictly monitored. The limit of expenditure has, however, been increased from Rs 10 lakh to Rs 16 lakh. So the expenditure incurred on any party meeting where a candidate addresses people, will be considered as the candidate's expense, said an official.Besides, if a party organizes any public meeting in the constituency, the expenditure would be counted as that of the candidate concerned.The official said that the EC would keep an eye on unaccounted money and dealings. During the Mansa by-poll held in March this year, the Election Commission recovered Rs 94 lakh (in cash), which no political party put claim to. The money was later deposited with the Income Tax department.Officials said that the CEO's office has already begun gathering intelligence inputs . In case of Mansa, the information was received directly by the CEO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13619474", "title": "Speeding van kills two, driver arrested", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two persons, including a woman, were killed in an accident on the Vellalore-Podanur Road in the city early Monday morning. They were knocked down by a speeding van while they were going for a walk.Traffic Investigation Wing (TIW) officials of Coimbatore city police said, A Muniappan, 68, a retired employee of a textile mill, was residing at Vellalore. He used to go for a morning walk with his neighbours K Vijayalakshmi, 47, and P Ayyasamy, 57. On Monday around 5.15 am, the trio was walking on the Vellalore-Podanur Road when the mishap occurred. The van was heading towards Podanur after picking up a few employees of a private firm in the city when it hit the three pedestrians.Muniappan and Vijayalakshmi sustained grievous head injuries while Ayyasamy sustained minor injuries. They were rushed to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH), but the doctors declared Muniappan as brought dead. Around 7.40 am, Vijayalakshmi also died without responding to treatment. She is survived by her 16-year-old son K Suryakumar, who had completed class X and is awaiting results.The police have arrested the van owner cum driver M Sakthivel, 41, an ex-councillor of Vellalore panchayat. He told the police that he hit the pedestrians as they suddenly tried to cross the road. Bodies of the victims were handed over to their relatives on Monday evening after postmortem. TIW police have registered a case and the investigation is on. Ayyasamy is undergoing treatment at CMCH.\"We will take stringent action against drivers of speeding vehicles,\" said traffic wing inspector D Sundara Rajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13618068", "title": "CM likely to meet plan panel on June 12", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar is likely to meet the Deputy chairman, Planning Commission, on June 12 to finalize the size of the state annual plan for 2012-13, which would be the first year of the 12{+t}{+h} five-year plan covering 2012-17. The state government would propose an annual plan of Rs 28,000 crore.In the last financial year (2011-12), the annual plan size was fixed at Rs 24,000 crore, which was later scaled down to Rs 21,370 crore.Principal secretary, planning and development, Vijoy Prakash, said the meeting would also discuss 'land planning' for different schemes. It would be an ongoing process under the 12{+t}{+h} five-year plan, he said.According to sources in the department of planning and development, the CM will be accompanied by Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , planning and development minister Narendra Narayan Yadav, deputy chairman, Bihar State Planning Board, Hari Kishore Singh, chief secretary Navin Kumar and principal secretaries of different departments.Besides development commissioner-cum-agriculture production commissioner A K Sinha, the principal secretaries of planning and development department, finance, water resources, panchayati raj, energy, education, urban development, health, PHED, and rural development will accompany the CM. The others in the team will include the secretaries of minor water resources department, road construction, SC and ST welfare, social welfare, agriculture, and rural works. The secretary to the chief minister and the resident commissioner of Bihar in New Delhi will also accompany the team.A communication in this regard was sent to the joint secretary, Planning Commission, by the principal secretary, development and planning, Vijoy Prakash, recently, sources added.It may be recalled that the state government has focused on \"development with justice\" in its 12th five-year plan strategy. This will be the state's first annual plan of the 12th five-year plan to be finalized at the meeting.An important highlight of the state government's strategy for the 12th five-year plan is a novel concept of broadstreaming of the have-nots and dalits into the planning process, so that every tola in rural areas is covered under the planning process.The strategy is to reach the benefit of plan schemes to the tolas, including those of dalits, who were earlier left out at times due to focus on revenues villages. Broadstreaming will contribute in attaining the objective of development with justice, said an official of the department of planning and development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13624616", "title": "Laxminagar mourns loss of 14 residents", "text": "PUNE: Shopkeepers in Laxminagar in Yerawada, Pune, downed the shutters and observed a bandh as the news of the tragic accident that killed 27 people, 14 from the area, and injured 26 others reached the locality on Monday. A speeding truck had rammed a bus at Khalapur on Mumbai-Pune expressway in the wee hours of Monday.Around 32,000 people live in Laxminagar. Most of the residents come from very poor economical backgrounds and work either as labourers or are engaged in small time jobs and businesses to earn their livelihood.Meanwhile, residents, shopkeepers and social activists came together and made necessary arrangements with the Pune Municipal Corporation to meet the funeral expenses of the dead.One of the residents, Fateh Nazir Sayyed, told TOI that never before had such a tragedy taken place in their locality. \"We didn't know how to react to the news. It is difficult to believe that so many of the deceased were residents of Laxminagar.\"Another resident, Aslam Bagwan, said that they initially received information that \"three to four\" of the local residents had died in the accident. When they came to know of the actual gravity of the situation and that the death toll was much higher, they broke down, especially since most of the deceased were known to them since their childhood.Activist Adinath Hanumanthe said, \"Most of us here have grown up together and share fond memories of our lives. The news of the tragedy was thus shocking. The residents did not go for work and the women did not cook food. We assembled and paid tributes to our deceased neighbours. The funeral was performed at Yerawada on Monday evening.\"Inspector Vishwanath Ghanwat (crime) of the Yerawada police station told TOI that the policemen faced a tough time controlling the large mob which had assembled at the victims' residences.According to Ghanwat, the people were mostly feeling helpless and didn't know how to react to the situation. The police and activists helped them bring the bodies of the deceased - who were residents of Laxminagar and adjoining areas - from the hospitals and perform the funerals.Vadgaonsheri MLA Bapu Pathare provided financial assistance to family members of the victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13632645", "title": "Shah Rukh matter was not on agenda of meeting: MCA official", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after MCA President Vilasrao Deshmukh said that the managing committee has left it to him and other office bearers to deal with the five-year ban on actor Shah Rukh Khan from entering Wankhede Stadium, another official on Tuesday stated that the matter was not on the agenda of the meeting on Monday.\"It was a regular meeting to discuss routine issues. The matter of reviewing any decision taken earlier was not on the agenda of the meeting. Any decision taken earlier stands,\" senior official and MCA treasurer Ravi Savant said on Tuesday.On Monday, Deshmukh told reporters outside MCA premises that the Shah Rukh Khan issue needed to be resolved on an urgent basis.\"A meeting of the committee was convened to discuss routine matters, but this matter of Shah Rukh Khan was raised by some members. It was decided to leave it to the president and office-bearers to get more details about what transpired yesterday,\" said MCA chief and union minister Deshmukh.Asked when he intended to sit with his office-bearers to discuss the matter further, he said, \"We want to resolve the issue at the earliest. There is no point in keeping it hanging.\"Surrounded by his wife and kids, Shah Rukh had said on Sunday night after KKR's maiden IPL title-triumph in Chennai, \"I want to apologise to the kids for my misbehaviour at MCA. I apologise to all who saw me differently. I shouldn't have behaved in that manner. But today my team has won, so I guess, all you fans should forgive me. We have won at last.\"However, in clear variance to what Deshmukh indicated, other MCA sources had said on Monday itself that there was no change in the five-year ban imposed on the Bollywood star on May 18, two days after Shah Rukh's skirmish with the security personnel and officials of the MCA after KKR's victory over Mumbai Indians at the Wankhede Stadium.\"As far as we are concerned nothing has changed and nothing has been communicated to us (from Shah Rukh's side). As and when something comes, we will see,\" a source said.Another MCA source indicated that a formal communication from the KKR co-owner was awaited and its officials had learnt about the public apology he had voiced only through the newspapers.\"We don't know what had happened. Certainly we would need something on paper (in order to review the earlier decision),\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "13636622", "title": "Intelligence Bureau man to be new J&K; police chief", "text": "SRINAGAR: Additional Director of Intelligence Bureau (IB), Ashok Prasad is to take over as the new director general of Jammu and Kashmir police after incumbent DG Kuldeep Khoda relinquishes the office on May 31, 2012.An IPS officer of 1979 batch from Andhra Pradesh cadre, Ashok Prasad has emerged as the consensus nominee of the chief minister Omar Abdullah and the union home ministry.\"The state government and the home ministry were on the same page so far as the choice of Ashok Prasad was concerned,\" a senior officer in Omar Abdullah government said.The Omar Abdullah cabinet, which is meeting at Karnah on the Line of Control (LoC) for the first time on May 30, is likely to approve the appointment of Prasad as the new DGP of the state. Prasad has served as deputy director of Intelligence Bureau in Srinagar when militancy was at its peak.Prasad, who is arriving here on Wednesday, met union home minister P Chidambaram and other senior ministry of home affairs (MHA) officers in New Delhi on Monday. Ashok Prasad would remain DGP till January 2016. He would be heading the country's second largest contingent of police force. According to sources, he has already developed a good rapport with the state bureaucracy besides police officers of the state.The state and the home ministry had two other names on their list - Arun Chowdhary, a 1977 batch IPS officer of Bihar cadre and PM Nair, a 1978 batch IPS officer of the same cadre. But after deliberations, Prasad was chosen unanimously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13623127", "title": "Fancy numbers keep cash registers ringing at RTO", "text": "KOCHI: The willingness of Kochiites to pay huge amounts to acquire fancy numbers for their vehicles is becoming a major source of revenue for the Ernakulam Regional Transport Office. In the first five months this year, registration of fancy numbers has fetched the department about Rs 69.57 lakh.It is more than half the total amount of Rs 110.89 lakh collected last year.Officials in the department said it was only in the last couple of years that such an increase in revenue was noticed. \"One of the reasons for this trend is that most vehicle owners consider it a status symbol. It make their vehicles stand apart in the crowd. There are some applicants who choose fancy numbers as they believe in numerology,\" said an official in-charge of fancy number registration.Regional Transport Officer ( RTO) T J Thomas said the revenue collected from this had been going up over the last four years. \"In 2009, the department earned Rs 71.07 lakh; the figure went up to Rs 1.10 crore in 2011. In the last five months, we have collected Rs 69.57 lakh from fancy number registration alone, and expect the figure to go above Rs 1.50 crore by year end,\" he said.Thomas also said the increase in revenue was being noticed after making the rules to register fancy numbers stricter. \"Earlier, there were many mediators, including vehicle dealers and agents, who used to register fancy numbers in advance. From 2010, we changed the rule, and now for someone to get a fancy number, he has to come in person and register paying the registration amount,\" Thomas said.\"If there is more than one contestant for a number, it will be allotted to the highest bidder in the auction,\" he added.The most sought after numbers are the ones like 1, 9, 7, 77, 555 and 7777.Officials also said that along with these numbers, people also demand sequences like 1234, 7117 or 7171. To get the digit '1' as vehicle registration number, a vehicle owner will have to shell out a minimum of Rs 1 lakh, and for numbers like 777 and 7777, one has to spend a minimum of Rs 50,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13634731", "title": "Christian Bale will miss dressing up as Batman", "text": "Christian Bale , who is reprising his role as the caped Crusader for the third and final film in Christopher Nolan's Batman series, 'The Dark Knight Rises', has revealed that he will miss wearing the \"f**kin' cool\" Batman suit.Although the famous black costume was uncomfortable at times, the actor has fond memories of the iconic outfit.\"For all the discomfort and the heat and the sweat and the headaches and everything from it, when you sit back and watch the movie at the end of the day, you go: 'Well, that's f**kin' cool.' I will miss that, I liked the good bit of rubber,\" Stuff.co.nz quoted him as telling Collider.com.The 38-year-old star is also sporting longer hair in the new flick.Bale explained that he was asked to grow his locks to show how his comic book character has evolved since the last movie, 'The Dark Knight'.\"Yeah, a little,\" he admitted when asked if the longer hair has any significance.\"But we've always had to mess around... Every single movie that we've done for the Batman stuff has always had hair that we've had to be able to adapt to different looks throughout. So the longer you keep it the more you can do with it,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13623842", "title": "He lost six from his family", "text": "PUNE: Fifty-year-old Suresh Gaikwad lost six of his family members in the bus accident on Monday morning. A driver at the state health department's family welfare bureau for the past 30 years, Gaikwad lost his wife, two grown-up children, a married sister, a nephew and a niece in the mishap.They had gone to Ghatkopar to attend the marriage of Gaikwad's sister-in-law's son. After the marriage, they began their return journey to Pune in four mini-buses. Two buses reached Pune safely.One of the remaining buses got a punctured tyre near Khalapur toll post and the two buses stopped to change the tyre. It was during this time that a speeding truck rammed the bus from behind, killing many of the passengers, who were standing and sitting in the space between the two buses.\"Gaikwad could survive the accident as he was sitting in the bus parked in the front. But his family members, who were either standing or sitting in the space between the two buses, were killed when a speeding truck rammed the second vehicle from behind,\" said physician Siddharth Dhende, who is also a corporator from Nagpur Chawl where the Gaikwad family stays.Gaikwad's wife Mangal (45), son Shubham (20) and daughter Sanjana (22) died on the spot. Besides, Gaikwad's sister Nanda Ovhal (50), her son Aniket (12) and Gaikwad's brother Balasaheb Gaikwad's daughter Sapana Gaikwad (23) also died on the spot.\"Fortunately, Gaikwad's other daughter Shubhangi Pathare and her husband Ajay Pathare have sustained only minor injuries in the mishap,\" Dhende said.Shubhangi's sister-in-law's daughter Chhakuli Pawar (12) also died in the mishap. A resident of Pune Cantonment, Chhakuli was studying in Std IV.\"We could escape the mishap because we were not standing in front of the bus that was hit by the truck. We were strolling nearby,\" said Ajay Pathare, who works at a call centre.Parag Bangale, office superintendent at the family welfare bureau where Gaikwad is working, said: \"We all are in a state of shock. Gaikwad has been serving the department since 1983-84. We are with him during this time of grief. We propose to raise Rs 25,000 through individual contributions to help him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13617345", "title": "Biodiversity train to chug on expertise of Ahmedabad institutes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The train that caught the scientific imagination of people across the length of the breadth of the nation with first-of-its-kind mobile exhibit and education centre on wheels is set to cross another milestone this year. As the world is celebrating 2011-2020 as UN Decade on Biodiversity with focus on conservation and nurturing of biodiversity, the Science Express has been converted into a biodiversity special in its phase V and it will start on June 5, the World Environment Day, from New Delhi.For Amdavadis, it will be a proud moment as the entire express chugs on the expertise of two city-based organizations - Vikram A Sarabhai Community Science Centre (VASCSC) and the Centre for Environment Education (CEE). The express is currently being given final touches by volunteers at Gandhinagar railway station.Dilip Surkar, executive director, VASCSC, said that it is a joint initiative of the Department of Science and Technology and Ministry of Environment and Forests of Government of India, along with reputed institutes from all over the country working in the field of biodiversity and wildlife.\"We have very fond memories of Science Express that saw more than 65 lakh visitors starting from 2007. We wanted to do something new and planning started a year back when the 11{+t}{+h} meeting of Conference of Parties (COP) to the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) to be held from October 8 to 19 in Hyderabad came to our mind. We decided to plan the train's journey with the convention in mind so that the delegates from all over the world can visit it and see the wide array of biodiversity of the country and conservation measures. Thus, the theme was devised as biodiversity and climate change,\" he said.A team of more than 200 volunteers worked day and night right from the moment the concept was approved. The first challenge was to change the look of the train. \"The 16-coach train is identified by its distinct design and thus we have completely changed the interiors and exteriors to give it a new feel. Earlier, we had various sections such as biology, chemistry and physics. Now visitors will be able to see vast array of flora and fauna the country boasts of,\" said a VASCSC official.The train will have a staff of around 50 volunteers who have been handpicked by the organization to accompany the exhibits. \"The volunteers will not only impart education to visitors but see the nation in a new light. When the train was stationed in West Bengal and a group of volunteers went to the town and enquired what was there to be seen, the locals told them that there was a train at the station which should not be missed. Such experiences keep our journey going,\" said Surkar.Hands-on science for students, enthusiastsThe fully air-conditioned train will start on June 5 and end the phase V of the project on December 22 in Gujarat. It will cover 52 locations, 18,000 km and is expected to get more than 30 lakh visitors. It has 13 exhibition coaches and three for staff members.At every station, the train will stop for three to four days. During the COP meeting, the train will station at Secunderabad for 11 days. Delegates from 190 countries are expected to visit it.Of the 13 exhibition coaches, 8 will showcase biodiversity highlighting flora and fauna found in different bio-geographic regions of India and various facets of marine, coastal, forest, microbial, agro diversity and its significance. It will also highlight its link with livelihood and challenges for conservation.Three coaches have exhibits on climate change, energy and water conservation.One coach has been dedicated to the original Science Express as some of the most revered exhibits and interactive activities will be retained there.A hands-on lab, known as Joy of Science, takes one coach where students can perform various experiments and activities to understand the concepts shown in the exhibits. Students can also win prizes by participating in interactive events and quizzes. Railway stations will also be used to conduct some of the awareness activities.One coach will have conference room-cum-learning centre facility where science teachers can be trained for capacity building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13622495", "title": "Now, MP Dhananjay Singh under CBI scanner?", "text": "LUCKNOW: The CBI interrogation of the suspects and accused in the CMOs murder case has brought Bahujan Samaj Party's MP Dhananjay Singh under the scanner. The central probe agency sources are confident that it's only a matter of time before the sleuths connect the missing links that would allow them to lay hands on the Jaunpur MP. The CBI sources say that the main reason for the BSP MP coming under its lens is his proximity with BSP MLC Sanjay Dwivedi, who has recently been questioned by the agency.Also, the CBI believes that a suspect who is a resident of Vikasnagar had provided shelter to the shooters a day before Dr Arya's murder. The suspect, sources said, had been called for questioning on Saturday and Sunday. The suspect is said to be in regular touch with the BSP MP.Speculations about Dhananjay's involvement in the case started doing rounds when BSP MLC Sanjeev Dwivedi alias Ramu Dwivedi was called for quizzing by the CBI. Ramu is said to be a close aide of Singh and apparently became the MLC with the latter's blessing. It is strongly believed that Dhananjay and Ramu have complete information about each other's activities, said a source close to the group.Ramu had evaded direct answers when CBI questioned him about the shooters and their links with him. He even told the CBI that he was close to former family planning minister Babu Singh Kushwaha and not to former health minister Anant Misra 'Antu'. Kushwaha is currently in jail for his alleged involvement in the National Rural Health Mission scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "13633271", "title": "Paternity suit: N D Tiwari gives blood sample", "text": "DEHRADUN: Acting on the Supreme Court's directive, veteran Congress leader N D Tiwari on Tuesday gave his blood sample in connection with the paternity suit filed by a 32-year-old man claiming to be his biological son.Tiwari gave his blood sample in front of the district judge Raj Krishna, chief medical superintendent of Government Doon Hospital B C Pathak, Rohit Shekhar, who has filed the paternity suit, and his mother Ujjwala Sharma, officials said.The Supreme Court had on May 24 rejected 88-year-old Tiwari's plea that he was too old to give his blood sample. \"It does not mean that blood is not running in his body,\" the bench had said.\"If you are so clean you go and give your blood sample. Can the order of the court be flouted only because of the stature of a person,\" a bench comprising Justices Deepak Verma and S J Mukhopadhaya had said.The paternity suit was filed by Shekhar in 2008 in Delhi high court seeking its direction to declare the Congress leader as his biological fatherTiwari had been directed to make himself available at his home in Dehra Dun today before district judge and a local civil surgeon to be accompanied by a pathologist.The bench, which made it clear that Tiwari cannot escape from giving his blood sample, however, had agreed to the plea of his counsel and former solicitor general Gopal Subramanium that some protection should be granted for maintaining confidentiality of the test to be carried out at the Centre for DNA Fingerprinting and Diagnostics laboratory in Hyderabad.The court had yesterday turned down his plea seeking to maintain confidentiality of court proceedings in the paternity suit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "13616210", "title": "Metro seeks PSU funding", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The Metrolink Express for Gandhinagar and Ahmedabad (MEGA), special purpose vehicle (SPV) of the Gujarat government to implement the Rs 15,000-crore metro project, has approached cash-rich state public sector undertakings (PSU) for funds.MEGA executive chairman and former bureaucrat Sanjay Gupta has written to all PSUs requesting equity capital to get the project going. Gupta's request comes at a time when the Gujarat government is in the process of working out a financial model for MEGA.\"Two financial models have been working - public-private partnership model in Hyderabad and Mumbai, where metro project is already under implementation, and the other in Delhi, where state and Centre have come together to fund the project,\" said a senior bureaucrat.Suggesting that the government will have to first decide which model it wants to implement, the official said, \"In case PSUs agree to the suggestion to give equity to MEGA, each PSU proposal will have to be endorsed by the state finance department. The Gujarat government has set aside Rs 500 crore in the current budget to fund MEGA. This is too small an amount to go in for a project of this magnitude. Once approved from the government, the proposal will have to pass through the annual general meetings (AGMs) and boards of PSUs in order to get a formal nod.\"Meanwhile, PSU executives have taken the request for equity with a pinch of salt. They said that they have \"still not received any formal order from the government to go ahead and provide equity for MEGA.\"One executive said, \"We must hear about it from the state government.\" Another doubted if a proposal for equity will get a nod at AGMs. \"No transport projects are profit earning. There is no likelihood of returns for many years. To go in for equity participation in such projects makes little economic sense\", he insisted.Another PSU executive said, his company already stretched out for funds and needs money for maintenance and expansion. Even if profit-making PSUs - Gujarat State Fertilisers and Chemicals (GSFC), Gujarat Narmada (Valley) Fertiliser Company (GNFC) and Gujarat Alkalies and Chemicals (GACL), Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation ( GSPC) - agree to fund, the total amount would be paltry, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13618024", "title": "After pullout, Rajini fans back AIADMK in bypoll", "text": "CHENNAI: After announcing that he would contest the Pudukottai bypoll on June 12 and then being directed by superstar Rajinikanth to withdraw his nomination, Rajini Fans Club Pudukottai district secretary K Sridhar has pulled out of the fray and offered support to the AIADMK candidate.Rajinikanth had sent word to his fans not to use the flag or the name of the club in any election, but members of the fan club in Pudukottai on Monday pledged their support to the ruling party.The move, though unexpected, is in line with the current political leanings of the actor, who television cameras caught pressing the electronic voting machine button for the AIADMK during the 2011 Assembly elections.\"We decided to withdraw from the election since we wish to respect Rajini's sentiments,\" Sridhar said. \"We decided to support the AIADMK because chief minister Jayalalithaa has been very supportive in dealing with problems in the state. When the PMK threatened Rajini fans during the release of 'Baba', Jayalalithaa supported us by giving police protection to theatres. We are thanking her by giving her party our support.\"After he withdrew his nomination, Sridhar visited the Pudukottai AIADMK election office and met the party seniors including O Panneerselvam, K A Sengottaiyan and Natham R Viswanathan.20 candidates in frayAll the district functionaries of the club were with me when I declared our support to the ruling party. The senior ministers were very happy and we received a warm reception from them,\" Sridhar said.Rajinikanth has vacillated between the DMK and the AIADMK since the 1996 election, when he voiced his opposition to Jayalalithaa's party. In the 2004 Lok Sabha elections, Rajini came out of a polling booth in the Central Madras constituency with two fingers in a victory sign, interpreted as an indication of the two-leaf party symbol of the AIADMK. Rajnikanth backed the AIADMK again in the May 2011 election.Four other candidates pulled out of the bypoll on Monday, the final day for withdrawal of nominations, leaving 20 candidates, including 15 independents, in the fray.With almost all the key opposition parties, including DMK, Congress, MDMK, CPI and PMK not taking part in the byelection, the main contest is now between the ruling AIADMK's Karthik Thondaiman and the DMDK's N Jahir Hussain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13621045", "title": "Students eye BCom course in colleges", "text": "LUDHIANA: With their Class XII results out, students in the city are now getting set to land a course of their choice in the college they have always dreamed about. Those looking to pursue BCom are eying Aurobindo College, SCD Government College for Men, Government College for Women, Khalsa College for Women and Arya College.The admission process for BCom consists of filling an online form on Panjab University's website where students will have to mention their preference of college along with other details including name and marks scored in Class X and XII. The applicants will be shortlisted on the basis of their Class XII marks and preference of college and a merit list will be displayed on PU website.If a student's name figures in the merit list, he can submit admission fee at the college. However, if the student decides to wait for the second list in the hope of making it to another college, he will lose seat in the college that first offered him a seat.Keeping a close watch at any announcements about colleges, New Tagore Nagar-resident Manik Jain, who studied Class XII from Delhi Public School in Jammu, said he would like to pursue graduation in a city-based college. ''But, I am keeping my options open and will apply both in Jammu University and in colleges here. I don't think I will apply in any other city,'' he added.Manpreet Kaur of BRS Nagar has set her heart on studying BCom (Hons) from Government College for Women and wants to prepare for IAS along with her course. ''It will allow me to have additional time for self studies and prepare for civil services exam. It is regarded as one of the best colleges in the city for BCom and I am hoping that I will get in,'' said Manpreet, whose plan B is to pursue a management course in case she does not get through the IAS exams.BCom is the only course where students apply online and consists of centralized counselling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "13632541", "title": "Uttarakhand govt to pay power bills of memorials", "text": "DEHRADUN: Electricity bills of all memorials installed in the name of martyrs of the separate statehood movement would be paid by Uttarakhand government.A decision to this effect was taken by chief minister Vijay Bahuguna during a meeting with representatives of Uttarakhand Rajya Aandolan Shaheed Smarak Rishikesh today, official sources said here.The chief minister has directed the officials to pay the pending electricity bills of these memorials from his discretionary fund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13621248", "title": "We didn't play like champions: Stephen Fleming", "text": "CHENNAI: The stop-start ride of Chennai Super Kings through IPL V had almost reached the dream climax, but one Manvinder Bisla spoiled the party.But the coach of the two-time champions Stephen Fleming felt that it was a fair result and that his team did not play like champions. \"We did not perform like champions in the league phase. It's disappointing to lose the final. I'm not saying that we were complacent, despite doing exceptionally well year after year. We have found new ways of challenging ourselves to stay motivated for a longer period. The international players coming in and out of injuries made things tough for us and the fact that some were a bit jaded coming into the side didn't help our cause,\" the coach said.The Kiwi admitted it has been his most difficult IPL as coach. \"From coaching point of view it has been the toughest campaign and it would have been fantastic if we had crossed the line,\" he added. He was quick to add that despite not playing to their potential, finishing as runner-up showed the team's true character. \"We did not win two competitions by chance. We worked very hard and prepared ourselves for the competition. We made the final and it speaks volumes of our character.The CSK coach said KKR players did a great job under pressure. \"Kolkata did incredibly well under pressure. In a big final, 190 is a good score. We dropped catches and that mattered. There were a couple of turning points. Our fielding was not as good as we expected it to be,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "actor balakrishna's \"adhinayakudu\" is set for a grand release on june 1 and the ticket bookings in few areas have already been opened. the film is already getting positive responses from industry sources. the movie's platinum disc celebration was held on may 28 at taj deccan. incidentally, it was late ntr's birth anniversary and the makers held the function grandly with many celebrities like producers d suresh babu, c ashwini dutt, yalamanchali saibabu, bellamkonda suresh, director b.gopal gracing the event. balakrishna, along with kota sriniavas rao, brahmanandam and director parachuri murali, music director kalyani malik, producer m l kumar chowdhary, were also present for the event. the film has lakshmi rai and saloni as the leading ladies and jaya sudha in important role while balakrishna will entertain the audiences in a 'three generation' roles in the movie. source", "code": "13632299", "title": "Balakrishna set for a grand release", "text": "Actor Balakrishna's \"Adhinayakudu\" is set for a grand release on June 1 and the ticket bookings in few areas have already been opened. The film is already getting positive responses from industry sources. The movie's platinum disc celebration was held on May 28 at Taj Deccan. Incidentally, it was Late NTR's birth anniversary and the makers held the function grandly with many celebrities like producers D Suresh Babu, C Ashwini Dutt, Yalamanchali Saibabu, Bellamkonda Suresh, director B.Gopal gracing the event. Balakrishna, along with Kota Sriniavas Rao, Brahmanandam and director Parachuri Murali, music director Kalyani Malik, producer M L Kumar Chowdhary, were also present for the event. The film has Lakshmi Rai and Saloni as the leading ladies and Jaya Sudha in important role while Balakrishna will entertain the audiences in a 'three generation' roles in the movie. Source: telugu.way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13619545", "title": "Youth held for killing stepfather in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 19-year-old boy, who murdered his stepfather by hitting with a wooden log, eight months ago, was arrested on Sunday at Kovilpalayam on the outskirts of the city.The accused was identified as G Isakkimuthu alias Raja. Police said, Murugan, 47, a daily wage labourer, was residing at Kovilpalayam. Murugan often quarrelled with Isakkimuthu and his mother under the influence of alcohol. Isakkimuthu got angry on his stepfather and attacked him with a wooden log on August 3, 2012.Then he and his mother fled to Virudhunagar and were working in a cracker unit. Acting on a tip off, the cops arrested the boy on Sunday who was sent to judicial custody on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13619953", "title": "Mt Kailash beckons 25 Chandigarh residents", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Kailash Mansarovar yatra, known for its religious importance and cultural significance, has begun. Despite the arduous nature of the yatra, pilgrims have been trudging through the cold desert since time immemorial.To experience its spiritual energy, a group of 25 city residents too is going on the yatra. Interestingly, the number of pilgrims is increasing each year. While in 2010 four city residents had gone on the yatra, in 2011 the number rose to 11. This year, 25 persons, all in the age group of 40 to 57 years, are going on the holy journey.It will be the second visit of Namdev Dhingra of Sector 20, who is organizing the trip. \"The route chosen by the Government of India was difficult so last year our group chose its own route. The destination is same but our route is much more convenient,\" he said.While Vinod Kaushik is very excited as its will be his first pilgrimage to the holy mountain, Amrit Rampla said that he opted for the yatra because the group will take flight from Delhi to Kathmandu and then go to Tibet by road so the journey becomes relatively easy.Parveen Tayal said for years he had dreamt of visiting the holy place and finally his dream will be fulfilled. H C Gupta said after a havan on June 9, the group will leave for the holy mountain on June 10 and will return on June 23.They will do a \"parikrama\" of Lake Manasarovar that has a circumference of 88 km and surface area of 320 square km. After this, the pilgrims will leave for Mount Kailash and will circumambulate Mount Kailash, whose circuit is 54 km of strenuous trails. Expenses incurred per person are about Rs one lakh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13618819", "title": "Lokayukta to probe wakf land scam", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka government on Monday handed over the probe into encroachment of wakfs properties to the Lokayukta.Last week, the government had constituted a committee to look into the allegations of encroachments based on the report submitted by the Karnataka State Minorities Commission. \"It has now been decided that an inquiry by a professional body like the Lokayukta is necessary,\" the CM's secretariat said in a statement.The Commission hadmaintained that wakf properties worth Rs 2 lakh crore had been encroached upon and used for fraudulent purposes across the state by politicians and others in connivance with some Karnataka Wakfs Board members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13614942", "title": "With axe falling on AIEEE, Maharashtra has to end MHT-CET", "text": "NAGPUR: After almost two years of discussions and debates a pan-India common entrance test for engineering has got the green signal from all stakeholders. The Joint Entrance Exam (JEE) will be a single gateway for the prestigious IITs along with the IIITs and NITs, and due weightage will be given to Std XII board marks as well.The decision was taken at a meeting in New Delhi between HRD minister Kapil Sibal and academic stakeholders on Monday.As JEE takes over the AIEEE will be folded up from next year and if all goes to plan so will Maharashtra's MHT-CET. Rajesh Tope, minister for higher and technical education, said, \"I welcome the decision to implement JEE from 2013 itself. Maharashtra's MHT-CET now has to stop but a final decision will of course be taken in consultation with the school education minister Rajendra Darda.\"Darda however did not respond to TOI's calls or text messages. The HRD ministry has called all education ministers to Delhi for a joint meeting on June 5 to jointly work on the implementation process.TOI had reported earlier that inclusion of board marks in the final rankings were unacceptable to the IITs. The prestigious institutes had questioned the HRD ministry on how scores of CBSE students could be compared to those of others in the country. The IITs also saw this new JEE as the government's intrusion in their autonomy. But it does seem that the HRD ministry has managed to get everyone on board to prepare the grounds for JEE debut in 2013 itself.As for the first obstacle regarding board marks, the HRD ministry has said that the scores will be 'normalized on percentile basis through an appropriate formula'. This formula has been developed by the Indian Statistical Institute after doing a pilot test on various board results data of last five years. The normalized scores will be then used along with those of JEE to decide the final rankings.Secondly, on the question of 'autonomy in conducting tests', the IITs have managed to have the final word. Joint Admission Board (JAB) of the IITs has been given complete control on matters such as paper setting, evaluation and preparation of the merit list.There will be two exams held under the JEE, one will be called JEE-Main and the other JEE-Advanced. The latter will be the sole entry point for undergraduate courses in IITs.Students will first appear for the JEE-Main and its marks along those of the normalized board exams will be clubbed together in equal proportion. The final marks arrived by doing so will be then used as a filtering point and only a specified number will be allowed to appear for the JEE-Advanced. That specified number of students will be basically five times of total seats available for that academic year in the IITs. The final admissions will be done on the basis of a merit ranking system based on JEE-Advanced marks.One of the major reasons HRD moved for the JEE was to decrease stress for students by cutting down on the multiple entrance exams, but not everyone is convinced. Abhishek Bansal's coaching centre in Nagpur produced the city's IIT topper for this year and he feels the new format will do nothing to reduce stress. \"I believe stress will increase manifold now with actually two exams being held. Also there is pressure to perform well in board exam.\"SALIENT FEATURES OF JEEThe maiden JEE will be held in 2013It will replace IIT-JEE, AIEEE, MHT-CET and host of other engineering entrance testsJEE will be held in two stages, first is JEE-Mains and the other JEE-AdvancedOnly those qualifying in JEE-Advanced can are eligible for admissions to IITsBoard exam marks will be given due weightageStudents who gave Std XII board in 2012, can reappear next year to improve their performance. CBSE &amp; state boards will jointly work on this arrangement.IITs will have complete control over the JEE-Advanced paper setting, evaluation etc.CBSE will provide administrative support for conducting the exam where over a million students are expected to appear", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13621284", "title": "Man uploads wife's obscene MMS on net, arrested", "text": "PANCHKULA: A woman dragged her husband to the police here after he uploaded an obscene MMS of her on a social networking site. The man, identified as Sunny, 35, was arrested on Sunday and sent to police remand for two days.\"The woman, a resident of Sector 8 in Panchkula, went through a divorce before she married Sunny. She ment him through a Delhi-based matrimonial site and got married to him on January 28 this year,\" said station house officer of the Sector 5 police station, Ajay Singh Rana.Currently unemployed, Sunny worked with a firm in Singapore. Police said he had been harassing his wife's family after he fell on bad times.\"He beat her after her family refused to give in to his persistent demands for money and jewellery,\" said Rana.The woman alleged that Sunny would film her and threaten to upload the video clips on the web after her family refused to help him financially.Police said the victim had injury marks, including bite marks, on her body inflicted by her husband.After the victim's family received the MMS, she lodged a complaint with the woman cell of the Panchkula police and a case wasregistered soon after, said Rana.The accused, who was not at home, was nabbed by the Panchkula police from Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13617023", "title": "College not an option for this whiz kid", "text": "CHENNAI: He could just become Chennai's own Sabeer Bhatia or Mark Zuckerberg . K Kumaran, who scored 82% in the class 12 CBSE exams, is getting set to undergo his knee corrective surgery and launch his very own operating system at the very same time. Kumaran wants to make Linux more popular for desktops as an operating system, and is creating his own distribution system to make it happen. \"Linux is faster, virus-free, free of cost, has free updates and never crashes. It is used in laptops using distribution systems like Ubuntu. I'm creating my version of Ubuntu called 'Freaks 2012',\" he says. Kumaran, a national talent search examination scholar from class 8, began missing school often from the class of six, because of a weak knee. Just as he finished his class 10, he realised that he could not eat anything. \"I would throw up, suffer bad stomach aches and not be hungry.I lost 15kg in six months,\" he said. \"I dropped out of school and went hospital hopping. No doctor including my mother could find out what was wrong with me,\" he says. \"That feeling of fear and hopelessness of not knowing what was going on within you was bad. I didn't know if I would ever return to school\". Doctors after a year diagnosed him with Chron's disease or a version of irritable bowel syndrome. After months of hospitalisation and recuperation he joined class 11 at Rajaji Bhavan's Vidyashram school two years ago.Kumaran who has offers from top universities in the US such as the University of Cincinnati and Ohio Wesleyan University , has shocked his parents by telling them that he wants to take a break and not go to college. \"I am bewildered, but want him to do what makes him happy. He has been successful so far, I have left it to God,\" says his mother Radhika Radhakrishnan, a doctor with Velammal Institute. Kumaran has managed to convince a hospital in Coimbatore to use his operating system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13623154", "title": "Diesel shortage hits state-run bus services", "text": "KOCHI: Hundreds of passengers were stranded at the KSRTC bus stand here for hours on Monday evening after long distance bus services got disrupted following shortage of diesel at the fuel station in the stand. The service of over 300 long distance buses was affected. Following this, agitated passengers began to protest against KSRTC authorities.According to station control officer C N Udayyapan, the station had run out of fuel as two of the three tanks which store diesel were not functioning. \"Two tanks were damaged a month ago when the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) conducted piling for the flyover being constructed at the station premises. Only one tank has been working for the last one month and we have been trying to meet the diesel requirement from this,\" he said. Officials of the Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL), meanwhile, said they would look into the issue.On Monday, there was some delay in supply of diesel and it resulted in buses queuing up at the station for fuel. \"Around 7pm, two oil tankers were pressed into service and supply of fuel was restored. The damaged diesel tanks are being repaired,\" officials said.The station requires around 40,000 litres of diesel a day to supply to the 500 buses that operate from and through the stand.\"I have been waiting for two hours to catch a bus to Cherthala. When inquired about the delay, the authorities kept saying the issue would be sorted out in half an hour. We will be late by over six to seven hours to reach home,\" said a passenger, M S Shivadas.Simi Sebastian, who had come to the station to catch a bus to Thiruvananthapuram with her family, said: \"We came to know about the incident only when we reached the station. All long distance buses have been delayed for hours together. Had we known it earlier, we would have opted for some other mode of travel.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13634938", "title": "B-schools: Impact of online education", "text": "Recent developments in higher education have prompted some experts to opine that the field is ripe for cataclysmic changes. The expected changes are tied to Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs), and they can have a far-reaching effect on institutions of higher learning, including business schools. For Indian business schools, these developments herald likely threats as well as unique opportunities to enhance the quality of Indian management education.The MOOC factor Open online courses are not new; however, the recent version of MOOCs is a force to reckon with because it is offered by the best universities in the world, free of charge. For example , these include EDx initiated by Harvard and MIT, and Coursera (started by a couple of Stanford professors) which offers courses taught by awardwinning faculty from University of Pennsylvania , University of Michigan , Princeton University , and Stanford University .These MOOCs are not simply recorded lectures; rather, they offer instructor interaction with students, student-to-student communication, virtual laboratories, and e-text books. Further, like traditional courses , they require student registration , have a defined start and end date (typically spread over many weeks), require the completion of assignments, have grading systems, and provide a certificate of completion.Impact on business schools Currently, there are only a few \"business\" courses offered in MOOC programmes such as Edx and Coursera. However, as new courses become available to anybody, anywhere in the world, there will be direct and indirect effects for business schools in India and the rest of the world.Impact on course quality For the top-ranked business schools, these free MOOCs taught by master teachers will set new standards of quality, be it course content or delivery. MBA students will have access to these free MOOCs and they will become the basis of comparison to the courses they are enrolled in. Student expectations will likely rise and faculty will be forced to respond to these new benchmarks of excellence . This will lead to improvements in the quality and currency of course content, as well as teaching efficacy .Impact on curriculum Business schools that lack sufficient faculty (which is an ongoing problem in India) to offer a wide variety of courses may consider allowing students to complete a course or two from a pre-determined set of MOOCs, and these courses would count to the student's degree. In fact, initial data from Coursera indicate that the reason most students enroll in MOOCs is because their universities do not offer the courses in question.Impact on MDPS Management development programmes (MDPs) are short (2-3 days) courses that executives use to update their skills, and are often very profitable for business schools. Tomorrow's MOOCs could include shorter versions that will compete head to head with MDPs. Given that these MOOCs are free, available in the comfort of the executive's home, and provide the ability to interact with a world-renowned expert, business schools may need to rethink their MDP model. They will need to provide new value-added features (probably , focusing on features outside course content and delivery ) so that high priced MDPs can compete successfully with the free MOOC option. Overall, the arrival of MOOC programmes from globally topranked schools can be a catalyst that produces broad positive changes in Indian management education, including higher quality in course content, course currency, course delivery , and possibly an expanded selection of courses.Arun Pereira is on the faculty at Indian School of Business, Hyderabad, and is head, Centre for Teaching, Learning and Case Development", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13620607", "title": "Delhi budget: Time for social networking", "text": "NEW DELHI: The budget laid out a wide spread of social sector schemes and sops for the poor. The high point of the speech was the launch of plans to make Delhi kerosene-free. The government will provide a one-time subsidy of Rs 2,000 to about 1.75 lakh poor households that use kerosene, to get LPG connections and stoves. An outlay of Rs 40 crore has been earmarked for this purpose.To reach out to the poor, an ambitious scheme called 'Dilli Annashree Yojna' has been launched to provide a food subsidy of Rs 600 per month to 2 lakh vulnerable household not covered by BPL and the Annapurna and Antyodaya schemes. It is expected to cost the government Rs 150 crore this year.Poor people suffering from HIV/AIDS will also be given Rs 1,000 per month for anti-retroviral treatment under another scheme. For orphaned children, the amount under will be Rs 2,050 per month. The state has also introduced schemes for SC/ST and OBCs through the Dilli Swarojgar Yojana wherein loans of up to Rs 5 lakh will be provided to entrepreneurs willing to set up ventures in Delhi.These apart, a major part of the budget came as old wine in a new bottle. Promises of regularization of unauthorized colonies, allotment of EWS housing for the poor, the ambitious Signature Bridge project, extension of the Barapullah elevated road till INA, making both Ring Road and Outer Ring Road signal free are some of the projects that have figured in budget speeches previously too.\"This budget for me is a people-friendly and situation-friendly budget. We will continue to look more intensely at the education, health and financial needs of the weaker sections. We would like to see Delhi developing into a good city to live in and a city that caters to the needs of all sections of the society,\" Dikshit said while delivering the budget. The chief minister said the government would pay special attention to qualitative improvements of the vastly upgraded physical infrastructure and expansions of the roads, power, metro and water networks.Dikshit justified the move to introduce VAT on CNG saying that both UP and Haryana have been levying the tax and the capital was only taking the step now. \"Neighboring states of Uttar Pradesh and Haryana have been levying VAT at 12.5% and 5% respectively on CNG. But we are introducing the tax after over 10 years of CNG in Delhi,\" Dikshit said, asserting that this will not put pressure on the 'aam admi' since CNG is used in public transport. However, when asked whether this would impact autorickshaw and taxi fares, the Delhi CM was evasive. \"We will see how the introduction of VAT on CNG plays itself out. I cannot say anything right now,\" she said. However, Dikshit admitted that the relief on petrol may not prove as a big relief for vehicle owners who also use CNG.On the petrol hike, Dikshit said the price of petrol in Delhi is the lowest among all metro cities and lower than the price in neighbouring cities of Haryana and Uttar Pradesh. \"But in view of the price hike in petrol, citizens of Delhi need to be provided some relief. We have given relief to the people when there was an increase in the price of diesel by exempting VAT on the increased component last year. Similarly, I propose to exempt the recently announced increase in the price of petrol from the levy of 20% of VAT,\" Dikshit said while presenting the budget.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13614832", "title": "High internet penetration leading to addiction in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: Gurgaon, with 20.9% household internet penetration, scored better than IT hubs like Bangalore and Hyderabad in Census 2011. But high internet use is leading to increase in the number of internet addicts in the city. Addictions have always been associated with substance abuse that alters the chemical balance of the brain.Recent research shows that one can even experience a high, from excessive use of the internet. Internet addicts experience a rush even when they boot their computers. Pradeep Rai (name changed to protect privacy) was studying for his post-graduate entrance examinations two years ago, when he developed an interest in medical technology. He'd browse the web for hours at a time, reading about the subject. Soon there came a point, where he could no longer account for the time that he spent online. While initially, he justified his internet usage as a passion for state of the art technology in his field, eventually he realized that he took away very little from these sessions. His web hobby was taking over both his personal and professional life. It was only after professional psychological help that he is once again able to lead a balanced life.Rai is only one among the innumerable young professionals who suffer from internet addiction, an increasing reality in cities like Gurgaon. For a commoner, it can be defined as compulsive use of the internet that interferes with regular life. This disorder is mostly prevalent in young professionals in their twenties or thirties. A recent Stanford University study found that as many as 14% of young internet users neglected school, work, family, sleep and food to be able to spend more time online. Internet addicts typically spend 40 or more hours online every week in addition to online work time. Dr Ashish Mittal, a Gurgaon-based psychiatrist has helped many people overcome internet addiction. He, however, observes that all these addicts approached him informally.\"This hesitation to go in for formal consultation may be due to a stigma attached to seeking psychiatric help or may be due to a lack of awareness about this disorder,\" says Mittal. Similarly, Dr Samir Parikh, director of mental health and behavioural sciences, Fortis Healthcare, recommends a structured routine, wherein one is aware of the time spent on each activity.\"This will help people reduce their psychological dependence on the internet. There is also a pressing need to address issues that may stem from internet addiction disorder such as mounting academic pressure for students, professional concerns in the workplace and strained relationships that may result from excessive time spent online,\" he said. Unlike alcohol addiction, in order to overcome internet addiction, one cannot completely stop using the web. Psychiatrists recommend using an alarm clock to regulate the time spent on the web.Mittal insists on involving family members or close friends in the treatment: \"They may help the addict monitor his progress and assist him when the going gets tough.\" Pradeep Rai echoes this opinion. He recalls leaving his laptop and data card with a close friend, during the early months of treatment. He even bought himself a mobile phone without internet facility during this time. The few times he did use his computer to surf the internet, his friend ensured that he did not go overboard. While internet addiction was not considered a disorder by many psychiatrists till now, it is likely to be included in the next edition of Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders ( DSM ), which serves as the arbiter of mental illness. With a growing dependence on the internet for information and its relevance in our lives, internet addiction disorder is often hard to identify and goes unnoticed. There is a need to acknowledge it and seek professional help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13621723", "title": "\u2018Climate killed Harappan civilization'", "text": "WASHINGTON: Climate change may be the main culprit behind the collapse of the Indus Valley Civilization around 4,000 years ago, says a new study, which also claims to have resolved the long-standing debate over the source and fate of the Saraswati, a sacred river in Hindu mythology.The study, combining the latest archaeological data along with state-of-the-art geoscience technologies, suggested that decline in monsoon rains led to weakened river dynamics, and played a critical role both in the development and the fall of the Harappan culture, which relied on river floods to fuel their agricultural surpluses. The international team, which published their findings in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , used satellite photos and topographic data to make and analyse digital maps of landforms constructed by the Indus and other neighbouring rivers, which were then probed in the field by drilling, coring, and even manuallydug trenches. Collected samples were used to determine the sediments' origins, whether brought in by rivers or wind, and their age, in order to develop a chronology of landscape changes.\"We reconstructed the dynamic landscape of the plain where the Indus civilization developed 5,200 years ago, built its cities, and disintegrated between 3,900 and 3,000 years ago,\" said lead researcher Liviu Giosan, a geologist with Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in the US. \"Our study suggests that the decline in monsoon rains led to weakened river dynamics , and played a key role both in development and the fall of Harappan culture,\" he said. The research, which was conducted between 2003 and 2008, also claimed that the mythical Saraswati river was actually not fed by glaciers in the Himalayas as believed. Rather, it was a perennial monsoon-supported watercourse and aridification reduced it to short seasonal flows, the researchers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13624682", "title": "Anti-terrorism squad to conduct identification parade of Indian Mujahideen operative", "text": "PUNE: A magisterial court on Monday granted permission to the state anti-terrorism squad (ATS) to conduct an identification parade of Indian Mujahideen (IM) operative Qateel Siddiqui (27) of Bihar. Siddiqui has been arrested for attempting to plant a bomb near the Shrimant Dagdusheth Halwai Ganpati temple on February 13, 2010.The ATS produced Siddiqui in court after he had been kept in police custody for 26 days. It filed a plea to conduct his identification parade and conceal the names of some witnesses. who had came forward during the investigations.Lawyers A Rehman and Kainath Shaikh, representing Siddiqui, registered their objections on the grounds that such a plea can only be filed by a witness, not the ATS. The court is expected to decide on the plea by Tuesday.Siddiqui was remanded to magisterial custody and sent to Yerawada central jail.The Delhi police had arrested Siddiqui and five others in 2011. Siddiqui had reportedly confessed to the Delhi police that on February 13, 2010, on the same day of the German Bakery blast, he had planted a bomb placed in a bag outside the Dagdusheth Halwai Ganapati temple, but his plan had failed after an alert flower vendor reminded him that he had left his bag behind. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13614039", "title": "3 Indore students on top with 96.8% in CBSE class XII", "text": "INDORE: Three students of class XII have secured top honours in the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) class XII board examination in Indore city by bagging an aggregate of 96.8%. Priyamvada Jain (Shishukunj) and Sandeep Dube (SICA School) of commerce stream and Prachi Agarwal (New Digamber Public School) of science stream were tied up for the top spot in the city.The results were declared on Monday morning. Though there was no official data was available for Indore from CBSE, unofficial figures and claims by the top schools suggest that a large number of students from the city have got above 90% marks.While the students who topped the city list rejoiced most students from the science stream felt that this year chemistry and mathematics were the subjects that pulled down their scores. Both papers were very tough while in the commerce stream students found mathematics paper to be tough.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13616745", "title": "In-laws tried to kill me, says AIDS patient", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 24-year-old pregnant woman, who suffers from AIDS, was attacked and almost burnt alive by her in-laws. The woman, a resident of Danilimda, who was allegedly forced to escape her home, has filed a police complaint against her tormentors. Her in-laws are absconding, police said.The woman, when she was four-months pregnant, went to her doctor for a routine check up in April. She got the shock of her life when the doctor, after carrying out a blood test, told her that she suffers from AIDS.The doctor added that her husband also needed to be tested for HIV.When the woman told her husband about this, he confessed that he had contracted AIDS when he was working in Israel .The matter took an ugly turn when the woman's in-laws got to know about the disease. They blamed the woman for contracting AIDS and also started physical and mental harassments. Her in-laws directed her to leave the house and they shall not be responsible for her unborn child since the baby could also be suffering from AIDS.On Saturday, matters came to such a pass that her father-in-law, Devji, mother-in-law Parvati along with her two brothers-in-law Pankaj and Bhupendra attacked her when her husband had gone out to work. They poured kerosene on her and threatened to set her ablaze. They had planned to pass the episode off as a case of suicide.The woman somehow managed to break free from the clutches of her in-laws. She ran out of her house and boarded an autorickshaw which was passing by her house then.When the three-wheeler passed Asarwa, the driver asked her where she wished to go. The woman broke down and narrated her tales of woes.The driver then took her to Shahibaug police station where her complaint was registered and the case was given to Danilimda police since the offense had taken place there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13634387", "title": "Haven\u2019t seen the news about Poonam's pic: Aditya Bhatia", "text": "Says Aditya Bhatia, of Eagle Movies when asked whether model Poonam Pandey's is bound by contract and can release nude images even before the film goes on floors.After her flaunting her curves many a time in risque videos, model and aspiring actress Poonam Pandey finally bared all in a photo she uploaded on Twitter, hours after SRK's team KKR clinched a victory in Chennai on Sunday.Wearing nothing but heels, Poonam's blase nude image undoubtedly made headline nationwide. Even as the model awaits the shoot for her new untitled film, reportedly, a local court on Wednesday will hear a complaint against her for hurting religious sentiments by her statements in 2011 that she would pose nude if India won the cricket World Cup.When we quizzed Aditya Bhatia, of Eagle Movies whether the actor was bound by contract and required prior consent before making any statements, let alone post any controversial pictures, he said, \"The actor has to take consent before doing anything\".When prodded further about taking any action, he added, \"I haven't seen the news of her snap, just heard about it, as I have been busy with scripting\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13614417", "title": "Two for joy: A battle won against odds", "text": "NEW DELHI: Class XII results occasioned redoubled celebrations at the Verma household in Khanpur. Their limited means notwithstanding, Himanshu Verma and his twin sister Vishakha completed their schooling with 83.2% and 80.8% respectively. Interestingly, both also scored exactly the same percentage in the best of four subjects. While Himanshu plans to try his hand at engineering or become an economist, Vishakha wants to pursue psychology or law.The joy that the twins felt on Monday was definitely hard-earned. Youngest of the four siblings, they lost their father four years ago after which their elder brother financed their education. \"I helped Himanshu with his studies but Vishakha studied on her own since we could not afford any tuition for them. But I felt the need to guide Himanshu only when he came to Class XII,\" said Aditya Verma, their elder brother, who is himself pursuing a diploma in civil engineering from a polytechnic institute.Students of Springdales School at Pusa Road, the twins are thankful to their school and friends for supporting them through the odds. \"We supported them as much as we could with tuition and other forms of support. I am happy with their performance. The fact that they did not have the same opportunities as the others did not deter them,\" said their school principal Ameeta Mulla Wattal.Himanshu will apply to DU for pursuing economics, though he hopes to crack IIT JEE next year. Though Vishakha could not be contacted, Aditya shared she is keen on working for society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13624654", "title": "Labourer shot dead at Balewadi, one held", "text": "PUNE: A security guard at a construction site in Balewadi allegedly shot a labourer dead with his gun around 9 pm on Sunday, following a quarrel involving another labourer and three other security guards. The Chatushrungi police on Monday arrested one of the four guards, Sonu Singh (19) from Uttar Pradesh. The others, Sunil Kumar, Prem Kumar and Malkhan Singh, are still at large.The deceased, Kunjbihari Yadav, was a resident of Balewadi. Chetram Kevat (35) of Balewadi has lodged the complaint.Speaking to TOI, senior inspector Ajay Kadam said the labourers and their families stay near the construction site. The security guards also stay near the labourers' colony.The labourers suspected that the four security guards used to tease the women in the colony. \"On Sunday night, Kevat confronted the four security guards about this, following which a brawl broke out,\" Kadam said. Yadav was with Kevat at the time.He said that the four suspects beat up Kevat. \"Sunil Kumar fired two rounds towards Kevat, but he managed to dodge the first bullet. The second bullet hit Yadav on his left thigh,\" Kadam said.Yadav was rushed to a nearby hospital, but was declared dead on arrival. tnnInspector Subhash Nikam is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13614966", "title": "Jagan Mohan Reddy sent to jail as special prisoner", "text": "HYDERABAD: Jaganmohan Reddy took bribes totalling Rs 1,172 crore from various investors and influenced his father and chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy to dole out favours to them in the form of land allotments and leases, the CBI charged while seeking his custody in the trial court on Monday. CBI's counsel also argued that Jagan had taken recourse to huge hawala transactions.However, principal special judge A Pullaiah dismissed the CBI's custody petition and refused to recognize the arrest of Jagan made by the investigationg agency on Sunday. The judge then remanded Jagan to 14-days judicial custody till June 11 as the consequence of the summons served by the court on the accused. He was sent to Chanchalguda Jail after being accorded special prisoner status. Jagan is slated to challenge his remand in the AP high court on Tuesday even as the CBI too will appeal against the denial of his custody.Hetero Group, Aurobindo Pharma , Penna Group, Dalmia Cements, India Cements, Ramky Group, Vanpic project to Nimmagadda Prasad were named as some of the companies who dealt with Jagan, the CBI said.\"Investigations revealed that Jagan in conspiracy with his financial advisor Vijay Sai Reddy (also an accused) channeled more than Rs 100 crore of ill-gotten money through various paper/suitcase companies based in Kolkata and Mumbai into Jagati Publications which had no business of its own. Just for routing the said ill-gotten money, the said suitcase companies were used,\" the CBI said in its remand report.Appearing for the CBI, special counsel Ashok Bhan told the court that Jagan could no longer project himself as a victim of circumstances to gain political mileage. \"He had robbed the assets of the state that would have been otherwise used for the welfare of the poor. It is called the public private partnership (PPP) model but Jagan had reduced it to private, public and public servants connivance model. Jagan cannot evade the majesty of law,\" the CBI counsel said. Jagan, who was present in the court, argued his case on his own for a while with the permission of the court and described the whole case as a political vendetta. \"Sakshi newspaper is the eighth biggest newspaper in the country and it makes business sense to invest in the paper. Why is it being made out to be a crime to invest in my paper.When a rival daily Eenadu valued itself at Rs 6,000 crore, nobody faulted it and when my paper was valued at half of that cost, it is being shown as a scam. When Eenadu sold its shares at Rs 5.25 lakh per share and got Rs 2,500 crore as investment it was not seen as a scam. But when Sakshi sells its share at Rs 350 per share, it is being shown as a scam. Since the bypolls are slated to take place, attempts are being made through the CBI to keep me away from the people,\" Jagan told the court.India's richest MP is now qaidi no. 6093He wasn't on his Odarpu Yatra but Jagan still behaved like he was among people when he entered the Central Prison, Chanchalguda . Cheerful and smiling, Jagan folded his hands greeting the huge contingent of cops and mediapersons at jail. After prison officials checked the identification marks on his body and numbered him qaidi no. 6093, Jagan, who is said to be the country's richest MP with Rs 356 crore assets, was led away into the old hospital block. Prison sources say Jagan was allotted a special room. The room measures 10 ft x 10 ft and has an attached toilet. He has been provided with a cot and a mattress, as per the jail manual.A TV set is also there, but only DD channels can be accessed. Being a special prisoner, Jagan doesn't have to stick to any schedule. At the separate kitchen for special prisoners, Jagan can get his choice of food cooked. \"If he wants, he can get 115 gm of non-vegetarian stuff every day,\" an officer said.Lukewarm response to bandhThe state-wide bandh call given by the YSR Congress had little impact on the twin cities with most shops, offices and various other commercial establishments staying open. Offices across the city, including IT firms in Hi-Tec City, recorded almost normal attendance although some reported that employees' turnout on Monday was thinner than usual.While there was partial response to bandh in coastal Andhra, it had no impact in the Telangana region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13619526", "title": "Postman\u2019 robs housewife of Rs 8 lakh gold, cash", "text": "MUMBAI: A man posing as a postman escaped with valuables worth Rs 8 lakh after making a Jogeshwari (W) housewife unconscious with a 'chemical' on Sunday afternoon, the police said on Monday. A theft case has been registered after the accused stole cash and gold ornaments from two cupboards.The victim, Sakina Tanwar (26), has provided the accused's description to the police, who are preparing a sketch.Tanwar was alone at home at Malkani Apartments, when the accused rang the door bell. When she opened the main door, the man claimed he was postman and wanted to deliver a parcel. But when she opened the safety door, collected the parcel, and was reading details written on it, the man put a handkerchief near her nose and she became unconscious, the police said. She told the police that she regained consciousness after an hour and found the valuables missing from the house.The police suspect that the accused kept a watch on the family and approached the victim after her husband left for work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13618153", "title": "'He hacked her without any mercy'", "text": "BANGALORE: The brutal killing of Divya S, a private firm employee, on a busy street in BTM Layout sent shockwaves through the area.Eyewitnesses said they froze as the gory scene unfolded before them. Narayana Gowda, accountant with a private firm, was sipping tea, and close to him, two men were sitting on a grey Yamaha motorbike. \"The place is full of eateries and it is common to see men sitting on bikes parked around,\" he said.Narayana, a resident of Kadirenahalli, said: \"I saw this girl walking towards the circle. Clearly, she had not seen these two men. Suddenly, the man on the pillion pulled out a machete and ambushed her. He swung the machete towards her head and her skull cracked open. Blood pumped out like a fountain. I could not believe what I saw,\" he said.The rider started the bike and they sped away in Ragi Gudda direction. \"Though some of us tried to stop them, they vanished in no time. The bike had no registration number and the rider was wearing a full-face helmet,\" another eyewitness told TOI.The news spread quickly, and Divya's friends and colleagues gathered near Sagar hospital. The main suspect appears to be a friend who had proposed to her, and who she had turned down.\"We know the name of the man, but we're not revealing it for investigation purposes,\" a senior police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13616786", "title": "Prashant Bhushan calls PM 'Shikhandi', says Congress using him as shield", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a concerted strategy to hit at PM Manmohan Singh , just days after it leveled charges of corruption against top Cabinet ministers, Team Anna member Prashant Bhushan said the PM was like 'Shikhandi' and was being used by Congress as a shield.Bhushan on Monday slammed Singh for defending the UPA government on corruption charges. \"The Congress is using the PM as a shield like 'Shikhandi'. They say he is clean, so his Cabinet must be clean. Why is the PM allowing himself to be used like 'Shikhandi' in this manner,\" he said.Shikhandi is a character from the epic Mahabharata. Legend has it that Arjuna hid behind Shikhandi and fatally attacked Bhishma.Bhushan's statement was met by muted criticism from BJP though RJD chief Lalu Prasad defended the PM and criticized Team Anna for indulging in disrespectful comments. \"The PM is not only a PM but a leader and such kind of comments from Prashant Bhushan are disrespectful to a great leader who has a clean record,\" he said.BJP asked Team Anna to exercise control over its language while criticizing the PM, saying use of intemperate words against somebody holding the top post was not acceptable. The party however added that the issues being raised by the activists were important.\"Any use of improper words against the prime minister is not acceptable. Members of Team Anna will have to exercise control over their language,\" BJP spokesperson Rajiv Pratap Rudy said. At the same time, the opposition said the government needed to pay attention to the issues being raised by Team Anna and take appropriate steps to deal with them.Congress too jumped in to defend Singh. Pointing out that members of Anna Hazare's team were themselves trading charges of irregularities against each other, minister of state V Narayansamy said, \"They have no locus standi to question the integrity of the PM.\"To a question over Bhushan's statement, Congress spokesperson Manish Tewari said, \"If anybody has used the sort of language for the office or person of the PM, we condemn the same in the strongest possible words... To comment on the personality of the prime minister is condemnable and it would be appropriate if people in public life behave in a decent and civilized manner.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13636987", "title": "Pawan Kalyan's 'Panjaa' as 'Kuri' in Tamil", "text": "Power Star Pawan Kalyan's stylish action entertainer 'Panjaa' under the direction of Vishnuvardhan is all set for its grand release in Tamil soon.The movie dubbing works are already completed and titled as ' Kuri ' in Tamil. This news is confirmed by producer Neelima Tirumalasetti on her Twitter page.Neelima Tirumalasetti tweeted, \" PANJAA Tamil dubbed version is ready and will have a grand release in TN soon!!!\".It is known that, Pawan Kalyan's latest film Gabbar Singh received superb response in Tamil Nadu and producer Neelima Tirumalasetty cashing on this.Sarah Jane Dias and Anjali Lavania played the female lead roles in the movie. Yuvan Shankar Raja composed the music for the film. Jackie Shroff , Karma Fame Adivi Sesh played important roles in the movie.Source: cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13615440", "title": "Board of Examinations members to pull up Nagpur University administration on paper leak", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University administration would conduct its crucial Board of Examinations (BoE) meet on Wednesday where the issue of the sensational BCCA paper leak, first reported by TOI, would come up for discussion.The members are fiercely opposing VC Vilas Sapkal's move to declare the results at the earliest. The administration wanted to end the paper leak episode which has embarrassed the university and invited the wrath of students and academicians for its failure to plug loopholes. The administration however cited the reason of providing relief to students behind its move of declaring the results.The NU's spokesperson could not be contacted as senior officials were on leave while others refused to comment citing gag orders from the VC.The BoE members further informed that they will corner the administration over its assurances to the chancellor K Sankaranarayanan's office of thoroughly probing the paper leak and taking action. The chancellor's office, citing TOI's expose, had written a letter to Sapkal directing him to investigate the BCCA paper leak and report back.However, the administration was keeping mum over the entire issue and was not revealing as to whether they had dispatched any report to the Chancellor's office in Mumbai. They stated that they were in favour of cancelling BCCA paper held on April 21 and was leaked a day before.The members were also going to take up the issue of various loopholes in NU's exam system that series of leaks after the BCCA paper. The biggest one was however dispatching the question papers as much as one month in advance to the exam centres where there was no control of NU authorities. NU's flying squads hardly work and even if they do, they seldom check the college strong rooms where the paper sets were kept.Quoting sources, TOI had reported that these centres were most prone to leaking of papers. In fact, NU failed to take stringent action in hundreds of cases of accidental leaks of papers by the centre in-charges and had no standard operating procedure as to what to do if such leaks were detected.The members, citing Mumbai University's example, stated that accidental leaks happened there as well but its (BoE) took a unilateral decision that question sets would now be dispatched to the centres about half an our before exam commences. But in NU, the administration hadn't moved an inch over the entire issue.Series of goof-upsApril 16: BEd paper was changed as it was allegedly leaked from one of the centresApril 21: BCCA paper was leaked 12 hours before the exam. TOI exposed itApril 25: First year BA (Compulsory Marathi) paper was also allegedly leakedMay 5: BFA Marathi medium students given English question paperMay 12: Name of MA (Economics) was erroneously mentioned", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13620789", "title": "City girl chases glory, wins 10,000m TCS race in Bangalore", "text": "NASHIK: A The most promising athlete from the SAI Athletic Centre in Nashik, 19-year-old Monika Athre, displayed mettle in the long -distance running category after her win who is closely stepping into the shoes of her colleague Kavita Raut in half-marathons held at Baroda, Pune and Aurangabad over the last one year. has once again shown that she has no peer in the long distance running. After winning the Baroda, Aurangabad and Pune national half marathons during the last year,Monika Athre then went on to bag the Nation's Challenge event title clocking a commendable with a very creditable timing of 36.46 seconds at Bangalore in the TCS World 10,000 m event. (Previously called Sunfeast International Marathon).Last year, it was her mentor Kavita Raut who stole the limelight clocking 34.32 seconds. timing but since Kavita is busy in a tournament at Italy,Monika Athre has now ably carried forward that baton taken on the baton took the baton from her to lead the challenge and thekeep Nashik's flag flying high. With her confidence sky high. After clinching the individual gold, Monika Athre also helped her state team along with Rahul Pal and Yunus Khan from Pune, to win a golden double. \"Since it was a road race, it was energy sapping, but I had done my homework pretty well. My experience from last year when I got third place of last year when I came third also helped me,\" Athre said Monika immediately after the race concluded.\"Since Kavita (Raut) didi was not participating, I took it upon myself to keep the Nashik record intact.\"Her coach Veejendra Singh who accompanied her in order to guide her about tactics felt \" This win has special significance, and taste as a Bangalore race, like races in Mumbai and Delhi are viewed alongwith Mumbai and Dehi races are treated as the golden events in Indian athletics,\" said coach Veejendra Singh. the Indian athletic field.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13618718", "title": "Panaji water supply normal since Saturday: CM", "text": "PANAJI: Residents of the capital city who suffered due to a lack of water supply for the last four days, heaved a sigh of relief on Monday when PWD managed to restore the supply of water.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar , who is also Panaji MLA, reviewed the water supply situation in and around the city and directed PWD authorities to initiate measures on a war footing for proper distribution of drinking water to the people.The meeting was attended by PWD's principal chief engineer JJS Rego, chief engineer DJS Borkar and superintendent engineer KR Srikant.Parrikar has asked people not to panic as the government is seized with the matter and has initiated steps to normalize the water supply situation.He also appealed to the media \"not to sensationalize the issue\" as all possible measures have been initiated to meet the demand of water. He claimed that \"water supply is normal since May 26\".PWD authorities managed to replace the 900 mm diameter water pipeline at Carambolim which was the cause of the problem. A release claimed that PWD supplied water in 451 cases out of 472 requests in Panaji and surrounding areas through tankers between Thursday and Monday. It further asked people to contact PWD for any further needs. The PWD helpline phone number is 2420069/70.The government also released a list showing the timing when water was released to various areas in the city and surrounding areas. Though the government claimed water supply had been restored since May 26, many city residents didn't get water till late Sunday or Monday. Some residents in Caranzalem were among those who didn't get sufficient water supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13622121", "title": "With electricity demand peaking, power corporation resorts to curbs", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as the opposition gears up to take on the Akhilesh Yadav government on the issue of power shortage in the state during the ongoing budget session, the top brass of UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) is contemplating to impose restrictions on usage of power guzzling electronic gadgets like ACs during peak hours to ease out the impending power crisis.Informed sources said that the corporation may soon issue the directions that would apply on usage of ACs and lightening of glow signboards during peak hours of the day. The corporation may also be submitting a proposal to this effect with the UP Electricity Regulatory Commission before the restriction is brought into effect.Speaking to TOI, UPPCL chairman Avanish Awasthi said that the demand for power was already notching at its peak. And that has gone up significantly because of the sharp increase in the day-time temperatures. Certain restrictions are needed to be imposed,'' he said.Though a formal proposal was yet to be prepared, sources said that the corporation may ban use of ACs in the evening and lightening of glow sign boards after 10 pm. Sources said that violation of ban may even attract a penalty of Rs 300 to Rs 500.The ban was though imposed in 2010 but not in 2011 as the then Mayawati government resorted to appeasement measures in the wake of the ensuing assembly elections. The corporation had already imposed restriction on power supply to the memorials constructed during the regime of former chief minister Mayawati.According to figures available with the central system of UPPCL, the restricted demand for power has been touching a mark of around 10,500 mw to 11,000 mw as against the power availability that varies between 9000 mw and 10,000 mw, depending on the state of power plants.UPPCL sources said that the utility has already resorted to rostering. While officials refused to comment on the issue, well-placed sources said that the rostering was already touching the mark of 10% to 20%. In other words, if your city qualifies for receiving 24-hours power supply, there will be power outages of around two to three hours.The fast approaching local bodies' elections could make things even more difficult for the state government as the power supply will have to be done as per the schedule.Sources said that the state utility is already under a distress-like situation as many of its own power plants were not functioning at the requisite load. The problem has been further accentuated by the shortage of coal which has worsened the crisis. Power plants like the 1980 mw Lalitpur power plant is not getting coal linkages.UPPCL sources said that such is the crisis that the company, Bajaj Energy, has sought the state government permission to import coal, kicking off speculations that the generation cost may go up and in turn put burden on the financially ailing UPPCL.Likewise, thermal power plants like Anpara C and Rosa are facing shortage of coal. The problem is far more glaring in case of Anpara C, promoted by the Hyderabad based Lanco Kondapalli. Sources said that the coal handling plant in the power plant is not functioning properly. Rosa too has been facing problem of coal with generation at times coming down to around 800 mw as against the total installed capacity of 1200 mw.Adding to the mess is the financial burden the state utility is facing. Sources said that during Mayawati regime, the UPPCL purchased power worth nearly Rs 2,000 crore even though the bills were not paid.The corporation heavily relies on the power from the central quota which is around 4500 mw. Sources said that given the poor financial situation, the UPPCL was in no mood to take the risk of excess withdrawal which may invite heavy penalty. The utility is also treading cautious vis-a-vis power purchase from other private sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13621817", "title": "'A change of seat, and everything changed'", "text": "KOLKATA: I was supposed to go to Chennai on Saturday for the final match. But since I was engaged in a political rally, I had to take a Sunday morning flight and checked into the Taj Coromandel - where Team Kolkata was staying - around 9am. I met Manoj Tiwari and Laxmi Ratan Shukla soon afterwards and wished them a good performance.Shah Rukh Khan arrived around noon and held a meeting with the players. Around 6, the players, team management and support staff left the hotel. I, too, left with them. Once in the hospitality box in Chepauk, I told Shah Rukh that the team would do well. \"I have come with Didi's blessing and we will win the match,\" I assured him. Shah Rukh patted me and said: \"Agar aisa hua, jo bhi mangoge, denge (If we win, I will grant whatever you wish).\"All the celebs who had come from Kolkata were also in the hospitality box - Raima and Riya Sen , Jeet, Usha Uthup and others. But I maintained a distance from Shah Rukh since he has his superstitions and so do I and I had no intention of setting a foot wrong. Jeet sat next to me.During Chennai's innings, when Kolkata Knight Riders' star bowler Sunil Narine was being clobbered all over the park, Shah Rukh was extremely tense and was chewing his fingernails. I felt that I needed to change my seat and went down with Jeet for a short while. After we returned, the match really did turn around.When Team Chennai finished with 190 on the board, I knew it was a good score but was confident that we had the batsmen to overhaul it.When our skipper Gautam Gambhir got out cheaply, the entire box was upset. But things turned around with Bisla and Kallis putting up a brilliant partnership. By the sixth over, the mood had become upbeat again and remained so through the rest of the match.Though we, KKR fans, were hugely outnumbered by the home support for Team Chennai, we screamed our lungs out to ensure that our players knew they too had support in the stands. Among the handful of Team Kolkata supporters was a Punjabi couple who rooted for Gambhir and his team.When the historic moment arrived, there was a mad scramble for Shah Rukh. He was delirious with joy, hugging everyone within arm's length. Then wild celebrations followed on the ground.Back at the hotel late into the night, everyone prepared to join the party. Though it was well past 1am, there was no hint of tiredness. I saw Juhi Chawla , Gauri Khan, Shah Rukh and Raima in the crowd. Hindi film chartbusters like Chammak Challo, Ooh lala were being played and everybody was dancing. The party continued till 7am with Shah Rukh leaving the floor only once around 2.30am to put his daughter Suhana to sleep. I enjoyed till 4am and then retired to my room.As for the promise that Shah Rukh had made me prior to the match, I am still wondering what to ask from him. But first, we will be having a grand party - Kolkata style - on Tuesday with Didi and the rest of the city joining in to congratulate the team for doing Kolkata proud.- As told to Saikat Ray(Aroop Biswas is minister for youth affairs and housing in the Mamata Banerjee cabinet)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13619236", "title": "Mumbai-Pune e-way mishap: Speed limits rules must be followed, says Big B", "text": "MUMBAI: The death of 26 people on the Mumbai-Pune Expressway has upset actor Amitabh Bachchan .Expressing his pain over the road accident, the Big B on Tuesday morning tweeted: \"Pained to hear of terrible accidents on Mumbai-Pune Expressway, every other day...how trained are motorists for Expressway driving?''Bachchan informs that most countries have separate tests for highway driving, in particular USA. \"I know because I have done it. Freeway driving is different. Driving on freeways needs to be taught to motorists at time of issuing license ...I am often shocked to see basic rules being broken.\"The actor also added in the tweet: \"In the USA, there are written examinations after three months study, to procure license, and then practical tests on road with officer ..!! When basic traffic rules in the city streets are not followed, even by public transport vehicles, what to speak of highways ...!! Bachchan even shares his personal experience.\"He tweeted, ``I appeared for tests in USA for driving license and it was gruelling and tough. Three traffic violations and you loose your license.\"The actor is all praises for the new roads in country but questions, \"but who is teaching motorists how to use them?'' He further tweets: \"On the German Autobahns there is no speed limit, but in the US, other countries and in India there is ... but they must be followed !! Bachchan reveals tweeting, \"I have spoken often to volunteer to do campaigns for the police force, but none came forward ... even suggested I would fund them!! Teach and test the motorist yes, but also equip the Police with facility and equipment to be able to catch the offender . We have Maruti Jeeps to compete with those that commit crime on sophisticated machines ... Italian Highway Patrols have Lamborghini's.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13637376", "title": "Manorama coming back with Singam 2", "text": "Manorama achi, the veteran actress is to make her come back into Tamil films again. Director Hari has all the way planned to feel her performance in this sequel of Singam too, as in its original version.Hari has decided to bring back Manorama into big screens again, after the actress has recovered from ill health. The Singam director is all set to kick start Singam 2 with the same old cast and so appears to have visited Manorama achi and thoroughly requested to make her come back with Suriya's film.Suriya and Hansika will be playing the lead roles in Singam 2. Hansika is touted to be playing bubbly school girl in Singam 2, while Anushka will be seen in a cameo appearance. Devi Sri Prasad is scoring the music and background for Singam 2 that will hit the floors in this June.Source: haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13598387", "title": "Sonam\u2019s Cannes style quotient", "text": "She came, she saw and she conquered! Fashionista Sonam Kapoor sported a Marni Spring dress for her interviews. And what's more, it was sister Rhea who styled her! The Roger Vivier shoes and Suhani Pittie earrings gave her an eclectic look.At the Winners Dinner, the actress chose a red Dolce and Gabbana dress complete with red shoes. Teaming the red dress with red lipstick and red shoes seemed over the top though. She could have ditched the red shoes for sure.For the closing ceremony and the premiere for Therese Desqueyroux, the actress walked the red carpet in a black Alexander McQueen ensemble. While this was not the best of the outfits she has worn, the ruffled and gossamer gown still spelled class. Goth may have been made popular by the Twilight series, but it wasn't so endearing on our diva.Since her appearance on the red carpet last year, Sonam has ensured that her outfits spell class and elegance. Somehow, her outfits at Cannes 2011 seem to have outshone this year's choices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13614222", "title": "Rajya Sabha staffer killed in accident", "text": "NEW DELHI: An employee of Rajya Sabha was killed in an accident in the New Delhi area when the driver of a secretary-rank officer in the excise commission allegedly ran over him on Monday afternoon.The incident took place in the Lodhi Colony area at 1:30pm, when an SX4 car rammed into a vehicle, which in turn ran over the cyclist. Only the driver and his friend were present in the government vehicle, cops said.The cyclist, Man Singh, succumbed to his injuries around 4:30pm in hospital, they said. While the driver of the SX4, Lalit, a sales manager with a multi-national firm, has been arrested, the driver of the government vehicle is on the run. A case of causing death due to negligent driving has been registered. A police source said that while both car drivers were at fault, the intersection where the accident took place has neither a red light nor blinkers. The once-existing speed breakers on four sides of the road have been removed, with only one left.An official said the SX4 vehicle had been speeding on 3rd Avenue road after descending Barapullah elevated road, when it rammed into the rear left portion of the vehicle travelling between Lodhi Colony main market towards Khanna Market. \"The vehicle, as a result, swerved towards the right, running over the cyclist who was on the other side,\" said a senior police officer.The intersection where the accident took place is without a central verge and red light. Earlier, speed-breakers existed on all four sides of the intersection but these were removed after the road was re-laid. Now, only one speed-breaker exists on the side of the road entering Khanna Market. The stretch has become accident-prone as vehicles coming from Barapullah road travel on the stretch. With no measures to slow down the traffic a collision becomes likely, a police source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13636495", "title": "Sneha Ullal is tired of sweet roles", "text": "Which is why her upcoming films will see her play a bar girl in one and a princess in another. Come June and actor Sneha Ullal will start work on two Tollywood projects -- Mythri and Action . While one is a thriller, the other will see the actor play a bar girl, roles, which she claims are not like anything she's done before and definitely not in the sweet-girl-next-door category. But isn't the term different rather cliched? \"I can never be cliched. That's not in my blood. When I said that the roles are different, I meant it. I am tired of playing the same old sweet roles,\" says the actor. Mythri , meanwhile, sees Sneha play a modern day princess. \"Excited to share I have just signed a new movie with a new banner. It is a female centric film and the film revolves around my character. The best part of it all is that I will be playing a modern day 'Rani' in the movie. I play a fiercely independent warrior princess, Mythri , in the movie which is named after the character. It's a gripping thriller. Will make a formal announcement about the rest of the cast and crew,\" she had tweeted. Her film work apart, Sneha is also keen to keep up her promise of starring in more short videos and uploading them for the benefit of her fans. \"There will be more videos for usre. I'm on it right now,\" she says, adding that she is also assisting with the scripting of a Bollywood project. \"It's a killer of a script and I am chipping in. If that takes off, I'll be flying,\" says Sneha, who is also rumoured to be playing the lead in Malayalam actor Fahad Fazil's next.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13631153", "title": "Bhushan Kumar buys his hit tracks back from Eros", "text": "Unhappy with the music of Teri Meri Kahani, he let go of the rights. With the tracks doing well now, he changed his mindRarely does it happen in B-town that a music label mops up music rights after their release. As it turns out, Teri Meri Kahani is that exception. Mirror has learnt with the film's music already doing well, TSeries has bought the music rights after they've been released, marking a first-of-its-kind deal in the industry.Explaining the course of events, a source said, \"The music rights of Teri Meri Kahani were to be given to T-Series and TSeries had almost finalised the deal. That's when Eros stepped in and bought them, offering a higher price than T-Series.\"So what made T-Series increase the stakes the second time round? \"Now that the music is doing very well, T-series has bought it after release by coughing up more money. It is definitely surprising as earlier on, T-Series was not paying that price,\" revealed the source.While Kunal Kohli refused to comment when contacted, producer Vicky Bahri told Mirror, \"T-Series never had the rights. Eros' policy is to always keep the rights with themselves. We were definitely negotiating with T-Series but ultimately Eros got the rights for themselves. I guess it was an internal policy of Eros. However, with T-Series head honcho Bhushan Kumar evincing interest in buying the rights, we locked the deal with him last week.\"So what was the going rate for the rights? \"I cannot reveal the price but I would say that it's quite a respectful price for the film. We are more than happy and there is no better company than T-Series for marketing the film's music.\"Meanwhile, Bhushan Kumar denied buying the rights of Teri Meri Kahani completely saying, \"No we don't have the rights of the film. We are dealing with Eros but not for this film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13632264", "title": "Apple, Microsoft, Sony top brands in India: Survey", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian consumers have a strong desire for brands that embody success and achievement and have a particular liking for luxury, technology and media brands like Mercedes, Apple, Microsoft and Sony, says a survey.According to Brand Desire, a global brand study launched by Clear, part of the M&C; Saatchi Group, the top 10 desirable brands in India are: Microsoft, BMW , Google, Apple, Adidas, Mercedes, Audi , Disney, Sony and IBM .While most of these are new to the Indian market, a set of brands that have topped its category are those that have been around for decades and have been ingrained in the consumers' psyche.These include Cadbury's in food and drink, Johnson &amp; Johnson in personal care, Taj in leisure, Dettol in home care and Complan in health care.With a huge middle class demographic enjoying the fruits of a resurgent India, \"brands are speaking a language of achievement, success and pride in their brand code,\" the survey said.\"Indians are beginning to desire brands that are confident, modern and ambitious, brands that celebrate success and show you have 'made it' in life,\" the report added.The study featured interviews with over 22,000 people, covering 555 brands, and covering 6 global markets, of which included 5,000 consumers in China and India.\"Our research into what drives Brand Desire reveals what makes brands more successful than others in these two markets (India and China), and indeed around the world,\" Clear Singapore MD Charlotte Wilkinson said.Despite being culturally different, many brands approach China and India in similar ways, targeting those who have increasing disposable income and aspirations with similar branded propositions.\"While India and China have much in common in seeking out branded goods and services, the secrets of brand success seem to lie in a deeper understanding of the differences,\" Wilkinson said.While Chinese consumers prefer brands that are fun and carefree, and allow them to express their own style, Indian consumers desire brands that are hard-working and practical, the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13615908", "title": "Aircraft engine catches fire after landing in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: An engine of a Jet Airways flight with 158 passengers on board caught fire after landing at Mumbai airport early on Monday. While the flames were doused minutes after being detected and all the flyers were deplaned safely, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation ( DGCA) categorized it as a \"serious incident\".According to officials, preliminary reports suggested that fuel leakage could have caused the fire. \"Usually, leakage in one of the fuel pipes triggers a fire in the engine. The situation can become risky if the aircraft is mid-air,\" a source said.The flight from Riyadh , 9W 523, landed at 5.45am. According to airport officials, the Boeing 737-800 vacated the main runway and was taxiing on taxiway N, which runs parallel to the runway. The plane was moving towards its parking bay when an airport official, who was travelling in a \"follow-me\" jeep, spotted smoke emanating from the left engine of the aircraft. \"A follow-me jeep usually accompanies an aircraft when it moves towards the parking bay. On spotting the fire, the official informed ATC (air traffic control) about it and ATC immediately brought it to the pilot's notice,\" an airport official said. \"The pilot quickly switched off the engines. Meanwhile, a fire engine was summoned and it doused the flames in two minutes,\" he added. The fire was put out at 5.50am.The process of towing the aircraft to the hangar took around 35 minutes. \"The passengers remained on board throughout. As the fire was detected on time and put out, there was no panic. Many did not even get to know that there was a fire alert,\" an official said. All the passengers were deplaned by 6.30am.The aircraft was then handed over to the airline safety and engineering staff to conduct checks. E K Bharat Bhushan, director general (DGCA), said orders have been issued for a detailed probe into the incident. \"We have categorized it as a serious incident and officials will prepare a report on it,\" Bhushan added.Experts said the situation did not go out of hand as an alert official spotted the fire on time. Also, the situation was manageable as the aircraft was on the ground. \"All aircraft have an in-built fire alert system. The cockpit has a fire warning light and an alarm, which shows which engine has caught fire. The pilot can immediately pull the plug and stop fuel supply to the engine,\" a senior commander said. \"The fire was spotted even before the alert could go off,\" he added.Confirming the incident, a Jet Airways spokesperson said, \"While taxiing, the flight crew was alerted by the ATC of the slight presence of smoke in one of the engines. The cockpit crew then proceeded to bring the aircraft to the assigned bay safely. In keeping with standard operating procedure, one engine was shut down and the guests were safely deplaned.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13613764", "title": "CLAT results: Aradhya Sethia of Jaora secures 9th rank", "text": "A teenager from a small town made the state proud by securing All India rank 9 in the Common Law Admission Test (CLAT). After passing class X examination, Aradhya Sethia of Jaora town in Ratlam district, had moved to New Delhi for further studies.\"My hard work and dedication bore fruitful result in the first attempt. I am on the cloud nine as CBSE results, too, were up to my expectations.\"He now aims to join country's best law college NLSIU, Bangalore to pursue legal studies.He has also done well in CBSE XII by securing 91.4%, the result for which was announced on Monday. Aradhya secured AIR 6 in All India Law Entrance Test (AILET), the result for which was declared on May 18. He has a special interest in social work and would like to use his acumen for the well-being of the society. \"I was expecting good results. I remained calm, cool and did not get panicky. This helped me achieve the desired results.\"As for his success mantra, he said he did not think much of result. \"I just worked hard. I moved out of the small town and stayed away from the family to study with passion. It was my keen interest in the subject that helped me achieve the success\" said Sethia before signing off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "nay pyi daw", "code": "13616571", "title": "PM Manmohan Singh welcomes larger role for Suu Kyi in Myanmar politics", "text": "NAY PYI DAW: Ahead of PM Manmohan Singh's crucial meeting with Myanmar's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi in Yangon, Indian officials said Singh welcomed the fact that she was playing a larger role in the politics of Myanmar which is gradually moving towards democracy under reformist President Thein Sein. Suu Kyi is expected to call on Singh on Tuesday at his hotel in Yangon.Foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai said Singh would express the same sentiment before Suu Kyi in the meeting. After India did a complete U-turn in dumping her for the military junta regime earlier, Suu Kyi has often been critical of India's policy on Myanmar saying it should not be guided merely by commercial and financial concerns.Suu Kyi's party, National League for Democracy , swept the recent by-elections in Myanmar leading to her elevation as the leader of opposition. In his meeting with Singh, Thein Sein briefed the PM about the recent developments related to the pro-democracy leader.\"The president mentioned that as part of the search for peace in the country, the government had reached an agreement with NLD and that this was part of the all inclusive political process. He said she had been elected as a result of this and that his government was looking forward to her participation,\" Mathai said. The PM will also invite Suu Kyi to visit India soon.Singh congratulated the president on the \"path breaking\" reform measures taken for greater democratization and national reconciliation. He commended the ongoing efforts at political, economic and social reform, which included negotiation of preliminary peace agreements with several ethnic groups as well as dialogue with various democratic political parties including the NLD led by Suu Kyi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13617879", "title": "Need better procedure for parole: Gujarat high court", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has called for a better procedure to deal with the application by convicts seeking parole and condemned \"indifferent and inhuman approach by authority\".Justice R R Tripathi has referred a case of such an application to the principal secretary, home department, and observed, \"It is high time that the authority should find out a better procedure for attending to such application made by the helpless dependent of the convict who is in jail for more than a decade.\"As per case detail, wife of Vijay Sorathiya, a convict who is in jail for nearly 12 years, sought his parole for 30 days so that he could attend a religious function. The application filed before Vadodara district collector on April 25 came to be rejected on May 5 on the ground that the opinion of Anand DSP was not received.When the application was filed before the HC, Justice R R Tripathi noticed that the bail application was rejected on flimsy ground, he expressed 'shock' and observed, \"The method and manner in which the application is dealt with requires condemnation. This shows an indifferent and inhuman approach by the authority. It is suggestive of the fact that the officer like district collector is not mindful of the agony one is undergoing in such matter.\" tnnCalling for requirement of better procedure for attending to such applications by authorities, Justice Tripathi ordered to release Sorathiya on parole for seven days. The judge also directed court registry to send copy of the order as well as jail remarks along with the order passed by authorities to the principal secretary of home department to look into the matter and submit an action taken report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13624246", "title": "Power demand at new high, outstrips supply", "text": "JAIPUR: People reeling under the scorching heat are unlikely to get relief from the scheduled power cuts as demand has overshoot supply of power in state.On May 26{+t}{+h}, the power consumption has broken all past records for the month of May. The demand on the day stood at 1,515 lakh units against the availability of 1,300 lakh units. Similar situation has been prevailing for the past one week with demand on Monday reaching to 1,500 lakhs units.Despite all the efforts, the power distribution companies (Discoms) are not able to meet the target with availability not going beyond 1300 lakh units per day. To bridge the gap, one hour of scheduled power cut has been in place in all district headquarters whereas rural areas are facing the cuts ranging between 5 and 8 hours.\"Our eight power generating units were shut down due to unavoidable reasons. However, we have made the best arrangements we could. So far the situation is under control. When we have enough power to meet the demand, we will stop all the power cuts but it is still difficult to predict anything as of now,\" said Kunji Lal Meena Jaipur, Discom chairman and managing director, Jaipur Discom.The Kota thermal power station has been shut down for maintenance for 50 days and a 250 megawatt (MW) plant at Chapra was closed down after technical glitches occurred.The irregular supply of wind power has also been a cause of worry for the Disocms. The installation capacity of wind-based plants is 2,000 MW but on an average only 400 MW are coming from these plants.\"There is no stability in wind power. The fluctuations are so high that on a day it generated 1,200 MW and on other days came down to just 400 MW,\" said CS Chandaliya, chief engineer (power trading).The Jaipur Disom has started the SMS facility to register complaints for power interruption cases in Jaipur city circle. The facility is in addition to the call centers which are already operational in Jaipur city circle. Those facing problems related to the power supply need to type PI subdivision code and account number in their message box and send it to 9413386400 or 9413386401. People can also register by typing PI and their name along with the landmark. The facility is aimed at improving the efficiency in redressing of grievances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13640950", "title": "Ram Charan, Balakrishna Respond on YS Jagan's Arrest", "text": "Mega power star Ram Charan who is currently busy with shooting of VV Vinayak's untitled movie and Zanjeer responded on YS Jagan arrest. The actor posted a tweeted just after a few minutes after Jagan's arrest. He tweeted, \"Finally, the govt has proved its capability!\".However, the actor didn't mention any other details like 'what govt has proved'. It clearly seems like the actor is supporting his father who is currently playing crucial role in Congress Government in Andhra Pradesh.On the other hand Natasimha Balakrishna who is getting ready to release his latest movie 'Adhinayakudu' on June 1, 2012 also responded on YS Jaganmohan Reddy's arrest. 'God will punish all those guilty people. There was a bit of delay in the case of YS Jaganmohan Reddy and God has seen him now', he said to media.Balakrishna also agreed that his latest movie 'Adhinayakudu' has some Political Satires which are placed as per the story. The buzz is that these political satires, especially, the dialogue on 'Vigrahalu' in the latest trailer resembles satire to YS Jagan.Source: currentweek.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "nay pyi daw", "code": "13614425", "title": "Driving to Thailand from India could be a reality by 2016", "text": "NAY PYI DAW: As India sought to expedite its infrastructural projects in Myanmar, PM Manmohan Singh and President U Thein Sein for the first time set a deadline, 2016, for trilateral road connectivity which will make it possible to drive right up to Thailand from India via Myanmar. After the PM's \"restricted\" meeting with Thein Sein, who received Singh at his resplendent palace wearing the traditional Burmese gaung baung head gear, foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai announced that \"efforts would be made to establish seamless trilateral connectivity by 2016\".Singh, who had a one-on-one with Thein Sein before the delegation talks, said India would undertake the repair of 71 bridges on the Tamu-Kalewa Friendship Road. India had earlier helped Myanmar build this road and the plan now is to link it with a place called Yargyi which will effectively link Moreh in India to Mae Sot in Thailand.\"The two leaders decided that India would undertake upgradation of the Kalewa-Yargyi road segment to highway standard while Myanmar would undertake upgradation of the Yargyi-Monywa stretch to highway standard by 2016,\" Mathai said, adding that the two leaders welcomed the revival of the Joint Task Force on the trilateral highway. Indian officials believe that this highway will truly become the bridge between India and Asean countries and place it at the heart of India's Look East policy. Myanmar is the only Asean country with which India shares land boundary.The two leaders decided to constitute a Joint Working Group to determine the technical and commercial feasibility of cross-border rail links and the commercial feasibility of direct shipping links between the two countries. The two sides also discussed the possibility of Indian participation in development of key infrastructure projects like the Dawei port in Myanmar.However, one of India's most ambitious projects in Myanmar, Kaladan Multimodal Transport Project which will also link India's northeast with the mainland through Sittwe port in Myanmar, barely found a mention in the joint statement. \"They expressed satisfaction at the steady progress being made on the Kaladan Multimodal Transit Transport Project,\" it said. It is well known though that the road component of the project leading to south Mizoram is getting delayed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13620123", "title": "Outages: No end in sight", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There seems to be no end to the power woes of the residents. Monday proved to be no exception with unscheduled power cut observed in sectors 17, 18, 19 and 35 whereas scheduled power cuts were observed in Sector 26 and Burail.The unscheduled cuts in the afternoon making it unbearable because of the high temperatures. Resident of Sector 35 Jyoti Khanna is fed up with the power cuts as they are almost becoming an everyday affair. \"We have no idea for long and how many times there will be outage,\" she said.Sunita Nanda of Sector 19 says, \"Power cut at night is the worst as one is not able to sleep due to the hot weather.\" Resident of Sector 18 Vikramjeet Singh says when there is a power cut in the afternoon, one can neither stay indoors nor go out because of the heat. In Sector 26 and Burail power was out from 10am to 2pm but in Burail the cut was later extended for three more hours. The power was resumed at 6pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13616903", "title": "Congress divided Hindus and Muslims, claims Narendra Modi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi on Monday asserted that Hindus and Muslims were together in fighting the British before the Congress was born. The two communities were divided after Congress came to power, he said at a function here to release the Gujarati version of DVDs of film Veer Savarkar, which has been produced by Savarkar Darshan Pratishthan.Modi, an ardent fan of Savarkar, strongly opposed the word mutiny for 1857's Indian freedom struggle and called it First War of Indian Independence. He described Savarkar as a visionary, poet and asocial reformer. As a political prisoner at the Cellular Jail in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands during the British Raj, Savarkar did not have access to pen or paper. But this did not deter the freedom fighter from writing poetry of courage and patriotism,such was Savarkar's determination and love for his motherland he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13621468", "title": "Cake, champagne and 21-bat salute for victors", "text": "KOLKATA: The party has just begun for Kolkata Knight Riders . The team got a heroes' welcome at the ITC Sonar, the home hospitality venue for Team Kolkata this season, when they reached the city on Monday night.Gautam Gambhir was the first to get off the bus and step into the hotel followed by the other team members. Huge cut-outs and posters of the team logo, diyas, flowers and garlands greeted them.While video clips of KKR's memorable moments flashed on a huge screen in the background, Gambhir and Manvinder Bisla cut the cake amidst cheer from the teammates. This was followed by the champagne spraying tradition.As the team proceeded to their rooms, it got a 21-bat salute from the hotel staff and the executive officers.Preparations to welcome the winners were underway since Monday morning. The hotel had draped itself in purple colours. Right at the entrance was a poster with the KKR logo where the logo was made of coloured rice and pulses.Diyas and flowers decorated the hallway while cutouts of the KKR logo were put up at different parts of the lobby. The hotel was abuzz with activity and every detail was looked into.What was unique among the various arrangements was the huge screen that was installed at the lobby. The staff had in fact made a video of the various memorable moments that KKR shared in this season of IPL. The video was played when the team cut the cake.The kitchen at the star address was also a busy affair with the best chefs stirring up delicacies. King Khan and the knights got a delightful spread to dig into.The dishes were named after the players of the team - , choosing from a wide range of speciality cuisine named after players in the team-Gambhir's Balle-e-Baazi, Balaji's catch of the day, Lee on the Go, Tiwary's International Innings, Abdullah's all out, Hasan Hits the Wicket, Mccullum's Glove, The Kallis Hattick, The Tender Pathan, Morgan's Pavilion and Pattinson's Maiden Over to name a few.The party has just begun for Team Kolkata. Not only is the state government gearing up to felicitate the IPL winners, but even ITC Sonar, the home hospitality venue for Team Kolkata this season, is leaving no stone unturned to welcome the team.A poster of the team's logo, made of coloured rice and pulses, was put up at the entrance.Right from the staff to the executive officers, the hotel was buzzing with activity on Monday evening. Attention was given to every detail. The lobby came alive with diyas and garlands. Huge cutouts of the team logo were put up along the walkway and the lobby.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13618072", "title": "Petrol burns many car dreams", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Almost a week after petrol prices were hiked to Rs 77.84, car dealers in Ahmedabad have seen a large number of potential buyers cancel bookings. A car dealer on SG road is learnt to have seen cancellations of more than 50 petrol cars in the last seven days.Sukhbir Bagga, director, Group Planet Petal, said, \"Ever since the petrol prices were r a i s e d , there is a negative sentiment i n the market. Apart from cancellations, many bookings have been kept on hold.\" Bagga, dealer for Hyundai and Nissan cars, has seen cancellations for 18 cars in the last three days. \"Car sales have taken a hit due to hike in excise duty, interest rates and municipal tax. But sale of diesel variants has increased since the last eight months,\" said Bagga.Figures suggest diesel vehicle sale in India has jumped 35 per cent last financial year at the cost of petrol cars that fell 15 per cent in the same period. Experts suggest the demand for diesel cars will surge after the hike.Dealers said that most carmakers have already expedited plans to roll out more diesel models and are offering attractive prices for push petrol car sales. \"About four to five per cent of our bookings have been cancelled after the hike. But we see this as a knee-jerk reaction from customers and soon demand for petrol and diesel cars will be levelled,\" said Naveen Jain, director, Kataria Automobiles which has the dealership for Maruti Cars.\"We haven't seen cancellation of booking but we haven't been able to convert inquires of petrol car into sales in the last three days. Customers are in a wait and watch period as they are waiting for a possible roll back in petrol price and hike in excise duty for diesel cars,\" Pranav Nanda, managing director, Concept Hyundai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13635260", "title": "Tech startup Voicetap in talks with VCs to Raise funds", "text": "BANGALORE: Voicetap, a technology startup focused on mobile-education, is in talks with venture capital funds in the US, Singapore and India to raise $7 million over the next few months. Of this, an initial round of $1 million has already been invested by CCube Angels, an investment group in Singapore , private equity firm Frontline Strategy and angel investor Umesh Kumar Baveja.The three-year-old start has bagged two of the country's largest mobile operators Airtel and Tata Docomo as customers. Voicetap's technology allows students to assess themselves and also access actual educational content and counselling services over the mobile.\"Education is clearly a big game as mobile operators are looking at newer services that can generate revenues, as revenue from traditional value-added services drops\" said Mrigank Tripathi the founder of Voicetap.Tripathi a former telecom consultant spotted the opportunity for mobile based education services when he found that his niece a highscore in her class 12 exams was unable to find the right information on career choices.On Voicetap, students can find the topic of their choice and names of relevant experts on a mobile website. They can choose to then listen to a live, recorded call or a user-generated call around the topic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13615732", "title": "Dow Chemicals to be billed for Bhopal toxic waste disposal: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dow Chemicals, contesting the Union government's Rs 7,844 crore demand for additional compensation to 1984 Bhopal gas leak disaster victims, is set to face additional claims from the Centre for incineration of the toxic waste lying at Union Carbide's plant for the last 28 years.The Centre on Monday informed the Supreme Court that it would bear the cost of the pilot project for safe disposal of 346 tonnes of toxic waste from the Carbide plant at Hamburg by a German agency within this month.Additional solicitor general Gaurab Banerjee told a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhay that \"the Centre will bear the cost of disposal but will recover it from Dow Chemicals\".The US-based Dow Chemicals has declined to share its wholly-owned subsidiary Union Carbide Corporation's alleged past residuary liability towards compensating the Bhopal gas tragedy victims and had even refused to submit to the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of India, which is dealing with the Union government's plea for an additional Rs 7,844 crore to the gas victims. The demand was in addition to $489 million given by Union Carbide in 1989 under an apex court supervised settlement.But the long delay in disposal of the toxic waste lying at the Bhopal plant, which is allegedly contaminating ground water sources, anguished the bench. The total toxic waste lying at the defunct plant is estimated to be 27,000 tonnes.\"You (the government) have not taken steps for last 28 years. May be because the people, who died or are disabled by the toxic gas in 1984, were poor. It reflects total apathy on the part of the concerned authorities,\" the bench said and demanded to know the chronology of action taken towards disposal of toxic waste since the constitution of first group of ministers in 1991.Appearing for the Madhya Pradesh government, senior advocate Ravi Shankar Prasad shared the bench's anguish but requested the court not to send the matter back to the high court for dealing with the safe disposal of the toxic waste.On the joint request of Banerjee, Prasad and NGOs' counsel Karuna Nandy, the bench agreed to monitor the issue and said, \"Initial steps for disposal of 346 tonnes of waste are in place. We will give directions on disposal of the entire toxic waste after hearing all parties.\"On learning that the pilot project was underway and that the GoM headed by home minister P Chidambaram was yet to take a final view on the issue, the bench deferred the hearing till July 2. The court also told Nandy that the NGOs could make an application on behalf of those victims who were yet to get compensation.However, Prasad promised that the German agency was set to give a detailed project report by June 4. \"The MP government will make a presentation before the GoM immediately thereafter. Let the first phase disposal be completed and then the GoM should consider strategy for disposal of 27,000 tonnes of toxic waste,\" he said.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13620940", "title": "May experiences longest spell of heat in past 5 years", "text": "VARANASI: The region is witnessing the longest spell of heat wave in the month of May in the last five years. According to the reports of the meteorological office, the region has experienced a temperature of 45 degree C as many as five times in this month.This is one of the longest spells of heat wave in the east UP region. The dry air is blowing for a long time while moisture-laden winds from Bay of Bengal are eluding the region. There seems to be no respite from the heat conditions no chances of pre-monsoon showers in the near future, said SN Pandey, weather expert, Banaras Hindu University , on Monday.The mercury has touched 45 degree C mark five times during the month. In the last five years, it happened once in 2011, twice in 2010 and the mercury struggled to touch the figure in 2009, 2008 and 2007.It has also lifted the mean (average) temperature of May, which used to hover around 40 degree C mark. This year, the figure is close to 43 degree C, at least three degree higher than the average temperature of the month.Pandey said that the phenomenon could be attributed to weakening of western disturbances that moved from north-western parts of the country, touching places like New Delhi before going northwards in the region of Pakistan . The western distrubances bring moisture-laded air, giving relief from surface heating and thunder showers and stroms are also witnessed. This year it has not happened and a lot now depends on moisture-laden air from Bay of Bengal to raise chances of pre-monsoon showers. Though, such conditions are not likely to occur in the region soon, the constant heating has raised the possibility of monsoon hitting at the right time around mid-June, he added.Last year, the monsoon was delayed by a fortnight, hitting the region at the end of June. Similarly, the region had also witnessed extended stint of monsoon season with late showers and incessant rainfall in September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13617763", "title": "Top scores give them a flying start", "text": "BANGALORE: Between her classical music classes and watching movies, Archana Sasi of National Public School, Indiranagar, got a stunning 97.8% marks in the Class 12 CBSE examinations, results of which were declared on Monday.The school had toppers in both Science and Commerce streams, with Kajal Varma securing a total of 488 marks (97.6%). In the Arts stream, Aman Saxena of Army Public School topped with 82.4%. There are high scorers from Sri Kumaran Children's Home and Delhi Public School too, which saw centum results.A movie buff, Archana is set to celebrate with her friends. An aspiring doctor, she scored 489 out of 500 in the Science stream. \"I am ecstatic. I was expecting a good result, but this score is above my expectations. It has come as a pleasant surprise,\" says Archana, who feels that hard work is the essence of success and cannot be replaced.Apart from music, Archana loves reading books and hanging out with friends. \"It has never been only studies for me. I studied for 4-5 hours a day on a regular basis. I feel it's the clarity on concepts that can get you a centum, rather than sitting with books for hours together,\" says Archana, who was very closely followed by her friend Kajal Varma, with a total score of 488 (97.6%).Kajal wishes to be an engineer. \"We knew we'd do well and are happy with each other's success, although we never shared study hours due to diverse streams,\" says an elated Kajal, who is awaiting AIEEE results. \"I also appeared for IIT and qualified. I scored 336 in BITSAT and am expecting a good rank,\" says Kajal.While the duo made the school proud, Sharda (97.4%) from Sri Kumaran Children's Home, Kshitij Singh (97.2%) from DPS South and Aniket Baksy (97.2%) from DPS South joined the league of high scorers from the Science stream.The number crunchersWith 97.6%, Sruthi Balakrishnan is one of the city toppers from the Commerce stream, and for her too, the high score was a lovely surprise. \"I never expected any particular result. It was an easy schedule earlier but I tightened up during exam time. I studied hard when exams were going on,\" says Sruthi. A law aspirant, Sruthi has already selected her college for further studies. \"Although I appeared for CLAT this year, I could not crack it. I will pursue a degree from Christ University,\" says Sruthi.A number lover from Sri Kumaran Children's Home with 96.6% in Commerce, Rakshitha NA scored a total of 483 out of 500. She says she loves numbers and hence, accountancy. \"It's my favourite subject. I am planning for BCom and will do CA simultaneously,\" said Rakshita.Vivek Madani with 96.4% from NPS Indiranagar, Archana KR with 96.2% from DPS South and Charulata Choudhary with 96.2% from DPS South were others on the list of high scorers from the Commerce stream.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13616222", "title": "CBI moves Interpol for Red Corner Notice against Indian Mujahideen operative Fasih Mehmood", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Monday approached Interpol to get Red Corner Notice (RCN) issued against suspected Indian Mujahideen (IM) operative Fasih Mehmood, who was allegedly involved in Bangalore's Chinnaswamy Stadium blast.Fasih was detained in Saudi Arabia on May 13. Interpol RCN is one of the pre-requisites for sending a formal extradition request to Saudi Arabia.\"The RCN is likely to be issued in a day or two on the basis of a non-bailable warrant (NBW) obtained by Bangalore Police against him,\" said an official. He said India would formally approach Saudi Arabia for extraditing Fasih once RCN was issued against him by Interpol.Sources here claimed that Fasih, a close associate of terrorist Yasin and Riyaz Bhatkal, had attended Indian Mujahideen camp in Bhatkal around 2005. He had left India in 2007. He had visited five-six times to India after that and been allegedly instrumental in arranging finance for the terror group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13622288", "title": "Transaction receipt helps in claiming refund file complaints", "text": "LUCKNOW: Passengers getting their e-tickets booked through agents should never forget to take the receipt for transaction from the agents. The receipt is not only required for claiming refunds, but also for filing a complaint, if any, against the agent.The Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) has re-issued instructions to agents who book e-tickets and also to passengers, who get their e-tickets booked through agents, in keeping with the fact that summer months witness a huge rush of passengers, as a result of which complaints against e-ticketing increase.On an average, IRCTC issues about four lakh e-tickets everyday. There are around 87 agents who have been authorised for e-ticketing all over India. Lucknow has some 2,200 sub-agents who have been authorised by these principal agents to book e-tickets. \"Reservation centres which have come up in every locality might not be genuine. The authorised ones have been asked to display their certificate in their shops,\" said Manoj Sinha, chief regional manager, IRCTC, Lucknow.IRCTC charges per ticket and not per passenger. The agents, however, fleece passengers by asking them to pay per passenger, at times. If the passengers are aware of the rule, they can not escape over-charging but also make a complaint against the agent.An authorised agent will not cheat, and, in case, he does, it will be easier to take action against him. There have been instances where the agents have manipulated the ticket generated by using certain softwares, if a passenger has the transaction receipt, action against the erring agent can be taken, said the official.IRCTC does not allow for home delivery of tickets. \"If passengers use the home-delivery service offered by some agents, they will be doing it on their own risk,\" he said. IRCTC has also informed passengers that they should not pay any extra charges for cancellation.IRCTC allows bank surcharge to be paid by the passengers. Besides, passengers should also be aware that an agent cannot transfer or re-sell a ticket to them. The agents have to immediately make a refund to passengers. In case, an agent does not do so, passengers can complain to the IRCTC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13622282", "title": "Six members of a family killed in Etawah district", "text": "KANPUR: All the six members of a family were found murdered in Pilkhar village, under the jurisdiction of Ekdil police, in Etawah, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's home district on Sunday night.Unidentified assailants reportedly barged into the house of Suresh Yadav (50) in Pilkhar village, situated on Kanpur-Agra highway and hacked him, his wife Vimla Devi (45), son Avnish (22) and daughters Rashmi (18), Shweta (15) and Surabhi (12) to death.Senior officials, including district magistrate P Guru Prasad and SSP Rajesh Modak D Rao, have reached the spot.The murders came to light after Neeraj, a boy living in the vicinity, spotted blood stain marks near the entrance of Suresh's house at around 7am on Monday while he was going to his fields. He informed other villagers about it.The locals rushed to the spot and found the bodies of Suresh, his wife Vimla Devi, son Avnish and daughters Rashmi, Shweta and Surabhi lying in a pool of blood.Suresh's body was found lying on the cot at the entrance while the bodies of his wife and four children were lying on their cots in the courtyard of the house. The villagers informed the Ekdil police about the gruesome killings.Police officials said they are trying to ascertain the motive behind the murders.The SSP, who reached the spot with a team of finger print experts and sniffer dog, said that the murders were committed with sharp-edged weapons by around 8-10 persons on Sunday night. The assailants had sedated them before slitting open the neck of the six persons as there was no sign of resistance, he added.\"We have also collected food samples to ascertain the facts. We are investigating the matter from every possible angle,\" Rao added.The police believe that the murders could also be linked to a land dispute involving Yadav and another villager.\"Suresh Yadav owned a 16 bighas of land on the national highway and the murders probably relate to a dispute over it. His son Avnish was about to get married on June 15 and marriage preparations in Yadav family were in full swing,\" Rao added. A team has been constituted to look into the crime. The criminals would be brought to book as soon as possible.It is believed that the murders were executed after 12.30am. But, the villagers could not get any clue as Suresh's house is situated on the extreme end of the village.The police are trying to zero-in on Suresh's sibling Ram Prasad alias Pintu. Cops found it suspicious that Pintu's mobile phone was switched off since the time of the murder and he was untraceable.Suresh was a marginal farmer but has 20 bighas of precious land situated on Kanpur-Agra highway. Police suspect property dispute as the motive behind the brutal killings. Panic prevailed in the village. The villagers said that the family had no enmity with anyone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13618902", "title": "Datta Kholkar is new deputy chairman of planning board", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has cleared the file to appoint Bharatiya Janata Party leaders Datta Kholkar as deputy chairman planning board and Narendra Sawaikar as chairman of the law commission. The official order will be issued soon. Both BJP leaders are known to be very close to the chief minister. Kholkar is a businessman while Sawaikar is a lawyer.Kholkar will replace Wilfred de Souza and Sawaikar will replace outgoing law commission chairman Ramakant Khalap.De Souza was appointed deputy chairman of the planning board in 2007 when he was the president of the state unit of the NCP, alliance partner of Congress.De Souza was first appointed deputy chairman of the board by Parrikar himself when he was heading a BJP-led coalition government. Apparently, to seek his support, de Souza was not just appointed to the post but Parrikar had accorded cabinet status to the post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13624762", "title": "Railway block to hit services tomorrow", "text": "PUNE: Passengers travelling on the Pune-Mumbai-Pune railway route and in suburban trains could face problems on Wednesday as the railway administration has decided to hold a major block between Malavali and Kamshet stations between 9.10 am and 2.40 pm.The block is planned for repair work on old bridges between these stations. Railway officials said that these bridges were old and immediate rehabilitation was required for the safety of passengers and of train operations.The Pune-Karjat-Pune passenger train will not run on Wednesday, owing to the block. The Mumbai-Pune-Mumbai Deccan Express and Manmad-Pune-Manmad express train will travel only up to Lonavla, not up to Pune station. The trains will start their return journey from Lonavla.The Mumbai-Bangalore Udyan Express will start from Mumbai CST at 12.05 pm instead of 8.05 am, while the Mumbai-Kolhapur Koyna Express will leave CST at 12.20 pm instead of 8.40 am.Suburban trains leaving Pune at 8.57 am, 9.55 am, 11.30 am, 12.05 pm and 1 pm will be terminated at Talegaon. Similarly, suburban trains that usually leave Lonavla at 9.35 am, 10.27 am, 11.30 am, 2 pm and 2.55 pm will leave from Talegaon.The Pune-Lonavla local train will leave Pune station at 1.45 pm instead of 1 pm, while the Lonavla-Pune local train will leave Talegaon at 12.26 pm instead of 11.58 am. The Hyderabad-Mumbai Express, Chennai-Mumbai Express and Coimbatore-LTT Express will be regulated en route and arrive at their respective destinations behind schedule by at least four hours.The railway administration said that passengers who wish to avail refunds may contact the administration for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13638095", "title": "No need for Meera to have a secret wedding", "text": "Mollywood star Meera Jasmine is irked at reports in certain sections of the media which claimed that she has married long time boyfriend Mandolin Rajesh.Buzz is Meera Jasmine who was last seen in Telugu film Moksha married Mandolin Rajesh, who is a popular musician, in a hush hush wedding ceremony recently.\"There is no need for Meera to have a secret wedding. Rajesh doesn't want that either. When they tie the knot, they will announce it openly and it won't be a secret,\" say circles close to the actor. They add, \"She feels bad that the media often carries false reports about her without checking the facts. Her marriage will take place with blessing of elders from both the families.\"Meera, who started her career with Soothradharan, a Malayalam film. She debuted in Kollywood with Run opposite Madhavan , was last seen in Mambattiyan opposite Prashanth. Some of her memorable movies are Geethai, Anjaneya and Sandaikozhi.Source: www.bollywoodlife.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "13637610", "title": "Solar Power Plants in Kashmir", "text": "SRINAGAR: Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah and Union minister for new and renewable energy Farooq Abdullah today inaugurated a 18-KW Solar Power Plant at Sub-District Hospital at Charar-i-Sharief in Budgam district.This was the second such solar power unit inaugurated by the two leaders in the past two days. Yesterday, one such plant was inaugurated at the Old Assembly Complex here.The unit inaugurated at Charar-i-Sharief involved an expenditure of about Rs 50 lakhs, an official spokesman said.He said the Union ministry of new and renewable energy has approved a total of 69 solar power plants for the State to be installed in as many health institutions as backup power supply units.This involves an amount of Rs 32.70 crore, the spokesman said, adding, the tenders for 32 such units have been finalized and for the remaining units the process is going on.During the last three years the MNRE headed by Farooq Abdullah has sanctioned over 50000 solar home systems for the 225 un-electrified villages and hamlets of the State.As many as 50 water mills have been upgraded, while financial assistance to upgrade 2000 more such water mills for electricity generation and mechanical activities has also been approved, the spokesman said.He said the Union ministry has also sanctioned 58 micro-hydel projects being installed in remote villages to generate electricity.It has also sanctioned and installed solar water heating systems at 10 locations, while solar photo voltaic power plants at 69 locations to generate 1.09 MWs have also been approved, the spokesman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13619424", "title": "Punjab Engineering College pupils file plaint at police headquarters", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After failing to convince Chandigarh Police that \"four cops thrashed them\", Punjab Engineering College (PEC) students filed a written complaint at the police headquarters single window on Monday. They have also submitted a video CD and photographs showing \"policemen beating them up\".Though the students tried to meet the senior superintendent of police, they could not as the officer was \"busy with official work\". \"Police are threatening to implicate us if we do not take back the complaint. They are not ready to book the accused officials, who in photos and video can be seen manhandling the students. We have submitted all proofs at the single window,\" Amandeep Singh, a final-year student said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13618077", "title": "Karnataka high court dismisses Bidari, state government pleas", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Monday dismissed the petitions of Shankar M Bidari and the state government, challenging the March 16 order of the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT), Bangalore Bench, quashing the appointment of Bidari as DGP on November 30 last year.\"There is a specific reference to Bidari in the panel report in three paragraphs (59, 33 and 35), which is in the nature of an adverse comment with respect to his functioning as a commandant of the Special Task Force (STF).The Sadashiva panel report and NHRC order, which upheld the findings of the report and recommended payment of compensation, constitutes material information which ought to have been placed before the UPSC by the state government. As the panel report and NHRC orders are withheld from the UPSC, the empanelment of Bidari by UPSC is vitiated, and consequently, the order appointing him as DG&IGP; of Karnataka is also vitiated,\" the division bench comprising Justices N Kumar and HS Kempanna observed in their verdict, basing it on the findings of the Sadashiva panel and final report of the NHRC.\"The NHRC panel had recorded a finding of rape, torture, disrobing of women, giving electricity to various parts of the body of persons who were investigated. The third respondent (Bidari) was commandant of the STF for three-and-a-half years. The perpetrators of these atrocities could not be identified at all, let alone any action taken against them. This length of service and his range of experience..., how he faced the challenges during the period is very vital, and ought to have been taken note of by UPSC,\" the bench said.\"Though the NHRC panel's report was on the incident that occurred during 1993-96, NHRC passed orders awarding compensation based on the findings of the panel, which confirmed rape, atrocities and 36 instances of 'suspicious encounters' by STF in 2007 and 2009, still the state government did not place this material before the UPSC,\" the Bench further explained.The caseA special division bench headed by Justice N Kumar was constituted after the matter was remanded back to the high court for fresh consideration by the apex court on April 24. The Supreme Court, while setting aside the high court's March 30 order, said the high court had passed the order on \"assumptions\" and without going into the findings of the Justice Sadashiva Commission and the NHRC.Not guilty: BidariNHRC has not held me guilty nor has not made any adverse remarks against me. So I am at a loss to understand the judgment. I have not yet received the order copy. I will go through the order copy and take suitable action. I will move the Supreme Court only after going through the content.Shankar Bidari | petitionerJustice is done: InfantI am very happy with the outcome of the case. Justice has been done.AR Infant | DG &amp; IGP", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13624145", "title": "Central Electricity Regulatory Commission pulls up state for overdrawing from Northern Grid", "text": "JAIPUR: The Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) has pulled up Rajasthan for overdrawing electricity from the Northern Grid above the prescribed grid limit.In a notice sent to the state government last week, CERC has sought an explanation for the overdrawing and directed the state government to stop such practices. The noticed was issued along with a warning that if state continued overdrawing below the prescribed lower limit of 49.7 hertz, it would be penalized.Along with Rajasthan, UP, Punjab and Haryana also received the similar notices from CERC.The state officials were given time till Monday to give reasons for non-compliance of the various provisions of the Indian Electricity Grid Code with regard to overdrawing from the grid. It also mentioned the non-compliance of the Northern Regional Load Dispatch Centre in violation of section 29 of the Electricity Act for the period January 1, 2012 to March 25, 2012 and May 1, 2012 to May 14, 2012.\"Notices have been sent to the head of state load dispatch centres and other senior officials of Rajasthan, Punjab and Haryana to stop overdrawing. Northern region constituents are advised to make adequate arrangements to purchase power to meet the anticipated demand in their control during summer/monsoon,'' said CERC officials.The state officials claim that Rajasthan is following all the rules and it is only in some instances that overdrawing takes place. \"We are replying to all the objections raised by CERC. We have taken all the measures to comply with the rules and have been successful in curbing the overdrawing\" said KL Meena, CMD, Jaipur DiscomThe commission had recently tightened the grid frequency band to protect the Northern Grid during summer. As per the grid code, the states are allowed to overdraw 150 MW of electricity when frequency falls below 47.9 Hz but remains above 47.5 Hz. On further dip overdrawing is strictly restricted and all states are directed to make power cuts in their respective areas so as to improve the frequency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13617547", "title": "CLAT results: Davanagere lad makes it to top 3", "text": "BANGALORE: Even when the Allahabad High Court was hearing a petition on conducting a re-exam for the Common Law Admission Test (CLAT) on Monday, celebrations had begun for many, with the organizing committee declaring the results in the morning. While the North bagged a major share of the pie in the CLAT top 10, it was Ashwij Suresh Ramaiah from Davanagere who stole the limelight in the South.Anhad Singh Miglani from Chandigarh bagged rank one with 159 marks. \"The interest in law was inculcated in me from childhood. I'm sure Perry Mason and John Grisham have played a role in my career decision! All the features tested in CLAT are of my interest. Even when I was a child, I liked watching news and kept myself updated on current events. So when it was time for a career decision, I thought why not,\" he said. A student of Vivek High School, he scored 91% in the Commerce stream.While Anhad's father is an IAS officer , rank two Pallavi Panigrahi's is an IPS officer.Ashwij, a commerce student of Sri Vyshnavi Chetana Science and Commerce College, Davanagere, shared the same marks as Pallavi. Aiming for civil service , Ashwij believes law could be a good foundation. \"I have the qualities that a law graduate requires, in terms of oratory skills, debating and writing, and I'm interested in political analysis,\" said this son of a civil engineer.Pallavi, from Odisha, secured 157 marks in CLAT and 93.4% in Commerce stream in CBSE Class 12 exam. Says Pallavi: \"I wanted to take up a career for which I had the right aptitude and skills. Throughout my school days, I was good at debating and essay writing. I love reading. All these match the requirements of a career in law. Moreover, it's an upcoming field and is lucrative,\" she said.The obvious choice of all toppers was NLSIU, Bangalore. Boys and girls shared the laurels, with equal representation of both genders in the top 50. In the top 10, it was six boys against four girls. Twelve students -- from Chandigarh, Chhattisgarh , Gujarat, Uttar Pradesh and Maharashtra -- scored more than 150.The Q paper hitchCLAT 2012 came under a cloud after students alleged that the questions were not from the syllabus. According to them, the CLAT website clearly stated that in the general knowledge section, students would be tested \"on their knowledge of current affairs (broadly defined as matters featuring in the mainstream media between March 2011 and March 2012)\". For legal reasoning, \"candidates will not be tested on any prior knowledge of law or legal concepts. If a technical/legal term is used in the question, that term will be explained in the question itself\", it stated. However, at least 15 questions were static GK and 5-8 questions required some knowledge of law, which the pre law students claimed was unfair.CLAT was taken by over 28,000 students across the country and holds the key to the 14 law schools of the country.Times ViewThe Davanagere young man in the top three in the nationwide law entrance test is more confirmation of the theory that it's in the small towns that the hunger for success is much more. In recent times, this has gained wider currency, with young persons in cricket, films and many other fields proving time and time again that given the right break, they can do as well if not better than their urban counterparts. It's up to the system to encourage and mould this raw talent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13635381", "title": "Special show for Shankar", "text": "A special show of Billa 2 was held exclusivly by Aascar V Ravichandran, who is distributing the movie in Tamilnadu for director Shankar.Shankar, who is supposed to do a Vikram starrer for Aascar Ravichandran, caught the glimpses of the film. He was received by Chakri Toleti, who directed the flick.Shankar was appreciative of Ajith's efforts and heaped laurels on Chalri Toleti after the show. The movie is a prequel to earlier hit Billa and chornicles on how David, an angry young man becomes an international don.Parvathy Omanakuttan and Bruna Abdullah play the female lead in the film.Source: cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13618563", "title": "Narimedu Kendriya Vidyalaya secures 97% pass", "text": "MADURAI: Kendriya Vidyalaya I at Narimedu, the only school to have Plus Two in the CBSE system in the district, secured a 97% pass with the students coming out with flying colours in the CBSE Plus Two results published on Monday. Out of 115 students who appeared for the examinations, 112 passed in the science stream, 24 out of 25 passed in commerce and 8 out of 10 students passed in the humanities stream.Principal C Muthiah, said they were thrilled with the performance of their students as the pass percentage had gone up from 93.66% last year to 97.4% this year. Besides, out of 80 students who appeared in the science stream, 40 had secured marks above 400 out of 500. \"We also have a reason to cheer as our student M R Prathima secured a centum in biology. Securing centums in the CBSE system is very tough and our student has made us very proud,\" he said.P Dharshana from the Science stream secured 482 marks to become the topper in the school and she had secured 94 marks in English, 98 in Maths, 95 in Physics, 97 in Chemistry and 98 in Biology while Pranchal Singh Chauhan and Gokuleshwar from the same stream secured 476 marks to secure second place. M R Prathima and Venitia Verghese scored 470 marks to secure the third place. In the commerce steam, Shenbaga Pandian and Deepa Priyadarshini came first with 453 marks, Swathi Lakshmi with 440 marks stood second and Binu Nimalin secured 416 to gain third place in the stream. From the humanities stream, V M Abirami stood first with 453 marks, R Raja came second with 439 and S Bama secured the third rank with 407 marks.School sources said that the 482 marks secured by Dharshana were the top marks among the eight Kendriya Vidyalaya schools in the southern region. The toppers said that they had not gone for any special coaching classes but had depended upon the coaching that they received in school. \"The teachers conducted extra classes, special tests and a review of previous question papers which helped us a great deal. Our parents have also been a great source of motivation,\" Dharshana stated, adding that she would opt for studies in medicine. Commerce topper Deepa Priyadharshini said she would take up CA studies while V M Abirami aspired to become an IAS officer . \"I will be taking up B A in Sociology and will pursue civil services, which has been my childhood dream,\" she said.Parents of the toppers were excited about the success of their wards and credited the coaching in the school for the same. S S Chauhan, father of Pranchal Singh Chauhan commented that the teachers in KV I, Madurai were very dedicated. Other parents also mentioned that the teachers had worked hard and the students had also put in all their efforts to secure good marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13618192", "title": "Drunk threatens to jump from mobile tower", "text": "BANGALORE: Upset over two police cases for creating a nuisance under the influence of alcohol, flower seller Prasad, 30, climbed a 50-foot mobile tower in front of the police station on Magadi Road on Monday afternoon. After being perched there for over an one hour, he was finally brought down.The police promptly booked an attempt to suicide case and produced him before a magistrate. The tower was on top of a four-storeyed building.Prasad, allegedly a habitual drunkard, was picked up by policemen twice in the past two months and booked for creating a nuisance. On Sunday night, he was found drunk on the road and police again took him away and this enraged him.On Monday, he allegedly consumed alcohol and climbed the tower. He dared cops to arrest him but when policemen started climbing the tower, he threatened to jump. His mother was called to pacify him but he didn't heed her pleas to come down. Finally, one of his relatives and a police inspector climbed up and brought him down by 2pm. He was taken into custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13632808", "title": "SRK celebrates KKR win with Prabhudeva", "text": "After doing cartwheels for the camera, SRK carried on with the celebrations to Prabhu Dheva's home in Chennai, where he joined Akshay, Sonakshi and Riteish for a rambunctious party and a table-top jig After a five year long struggle, Shah Rukh Khan's IPL team claimed its first victory on Sunday night. After a nail biting finale , SRK who did cartwheels on the field on request and danced with his troupe, promised that the party had just begun for the Knight Riders. Surely enough, the jubilant team carried the celebrations on beyond the stadium boundaries into Prabhu Dheva's Chennai home in Boat Club, late on Sunday night.Khan along with his entourage landed at Prabhu Dheva's Rowdy Rathore bash and made it a tad bit rowdier. SRK, wife Gauri and his friends including Karim Morani, Sabina Khan, Riteish Deshmukh , Genelia D'Souza, Sanjay and Maheep Kapoor, Chunkey and Bhavna Pandey joined the party where apart from the Rowdy Rathore team - Akshay Kumar , Prabhu Dheva and Sonakshi Sinha , a smattering of socialites from the south were already present.Needless to say, the host was delighted. When contacted, Prabhu Dheva told Mirror, \"Akshay sir and Sonakshi took a private charter to come to Chennai all the way from Mumbai for the party. And SRK sir, when India was celebrating the victory, chose to come over to my party. It was a big surprise and a very touching moment. I have never done something like this.\"A source from the party told us, \"When Prabhu Dheva was in Mumbai, he had personally invited SRK to his house party. He had asked him to come for it once the match gets over. Sabina Khan requested SRK to attend it. It was rather sweet of him to honour the invite. SRK chose to party with the Rowdy... team for a few hours before joining his players.\"SRK, who had set the stadium on fire with his antics that night, continued his energetic victory dance at the party. An eyewitness revealed, \"A little after Prabhu Dheva and Akshay congratulated SRK for his IPL victory, Khan went up to the choreographer turned filmmaker and said that he wants to dance with him.\"Prabhu Dheva agreed but not before he taught SRK the now popular Chintaa Ta step. \"The music began and SRK along with Prabhu did this very special jig. Sonakshi, too joined in. She did a solo number. Prabhu continued dancing while SRK and Akshay cheered him. Everybody was in a jubilant mood,\" added the eyewitness.The south Indian film industry was represented by filmmaker Shankar, superstar Vijay, Trisha, award winning actor Prakash Raj, Lakshmi Manchu, and many more at the party.SRK and Gauri left the party around 2 am. But the party isn't over for Khan yet. Mirror has learnt that Khan left for Kolkata on Monday evening with his team to carry on with the festivities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13621009", "title": "Onion truck stolen from city", "text": "NASHIK: An incident of theft was reported at the Indira Nagar police station on Sunday. According to the complaint lodged by Balu Bagul, a Lasalgaon resident, lodged a police complaint saying that hailing from Lasalgaon, Vinchur, the his truck that was loaded with onions was parkedin front of Phalke Smarak. Some unidentified persons stole his truck and fled from the scene on Saturday at 11pm. The price of the truck was estimated at Rs 1,60,250.Chain-snatching: A senior citizen Kamalavir Tare (81), said in her police complaint that she was walking past Shreerang Nagar, Pumping Road, when two unidentified persons on a motorcycle, drove close to her, snatched her chain worth Rs 60,000 and soon sped away. bikers persons came riding on a pulsar motorcycle and the pillion rider snatched the chain, worth Rs 60,000 from her neck and the duo sped away.Truck drivers 'steal' goods worth Rs 1.4 lakh: A case of misappropriation of steel plates worth Rs 1,40,000 has been lodged with the Ambad police against a truck driver Mahesh Lodhi, a resident of Uttar Pradesh. According to the complainant Ramesh Khonde, the truck was loaded with steel plates to be transported to a company in Ambad on May 21. The driver Mahesh Lodhi hailing from Uttar Pradesh and another person Bablu, has been accused of selliKhonde alleged that Lodhi stole the plates and might have sold it. ng the steel plates worth Rs 1,40,000 to somebody else and making away with the money. siphon off the money.The truck was found abandoned at Vilholi truck terminus on May 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "13621763", "title": "4 Malda students go missing", "text": "MALDA: Four students, all studying in Class IX, went missing from Gazole on Sunday. Cops fear that the students of Hatimari High School have been kidnapped, though no ransom call has yet been made. All of them were studying in Class IX of Hatimari High School and were brilliant students. It is feared that they were kidnapped although no demand of money has reached yet at homes.Koustav Ghosh, son of Gazole gram panchayat pradhan and TMC leader Ananta Ghosh, did not return home from tuitions. His friends, Mrinmoy Ghosh, Rupam Mandal and Ashok Sarkar also went to the same tutorial. tnnApart from Ashok, all hailed from affluent families.The search began only after evening.Sources said all of them were brilliant students.It has been learnt that the four were seen at Alampur around 11 on Sunday morning, while returning from the tuition at Gazole. \"Then, one took an auto rickshaw and others kept walking. After that, no trace of them was found,\" said sources.A missing diary was lodged with the police in the evening only. Police are yet to make any breakthrough.Meanwhile, there are speculations sensation was created with the missing boys as all were much popular and had no immediate cause to leave home. It is feared that some miscreants might have kidnapped them although no phone call demanding ransom was received yet by the inmates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13613617", "title": "Delhi budget: Sheila's give &amp; take: Petrol down Rs 1.26, CNG up Rs 1.77 per litre", "text": "NEW DELHI: Petrol will cost Rs 1.26 less per litre, but CNG, which fuels public transport on Delhi's roads, is set to get costlier by Rs 1.77 per kilogram. The Delhi budget presented by chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Monday also saw two-thirds of expenditure being earmarked for the social sector, no suprise with assembly elections due next year.The budget for 2012-13 proposes to provide some relief from last week's steep Rs 7.54 hike in petrol prices by slashing the 20% Value Added Tax (VAT) on the hiked component, but at the same time introduces 5% VAT on CNG, triggering speculation of a possible increase in auto and taxi fares.The price changes will come into effect only after the budget is passed by the Delhi assembly on Monday. Once that happens, petrol will cost Rs 71.92 instead of Rs 73.18 per litre. Revenue foregone on this account will be about Rs 140 crore. CNG will go up from Rs 35.45 by Rs 1.77 paise per kilo.Presenting a budget that envisages total spending of Rs 33,436 crore and a Plan outlay of Rs 15,000 crore for the current year, Dikshit said 65% of the outlay or Rs 9,796 crore is to go towards the 'social service sector'. She described her budget as one that focuses on 'roti, shiksha aur swastha' (food, education and health). Moving away from weaving dreams of a 'world class city', a commonly used phase before the Commonwealth Games , this year's budget speech focuses on the more modest target of building Delhi into a 'good city'.The budget laid out a wide spread of social sector schemes and sops for the poor. The high point of the speech was the launch of plans to make Delhi kerosene-free. The government will provide a one-time subsidy of Rs 2,000 to about 1.75 lakh poor households that currently use kerosene for cooking to obtain LPG connections and purchase a gas stove. An outlay of Rs 40 crore has been earmarked for this purpose.To reach out to the poor, an ambitious scheme called 'Dilli Annashree Yojna' has been launched to provide a food subsidy of Rs 600 per month to two lakh vulnerable household that are not covered by either BPL cards or under the Annapurna and Antyodaya schemes. This scheme is expected to cost the government Rs 150 crore this year.Poor people suffering from HIV/AIDS will also be given Rs 1,000 per month for anti-retroviral treatment under another scheme. For orphaned children, the amount under this scheme will be Rs 2,050 per month. The state has also introduced schemes for SC/ST and OBCs through the Dilli Swarojgar Yojana wherein loans of up to Rs 5 lakh will be provided to entrepreneurs willing to set up ventures in Delhi. Rs 50 crore has been set aside for the scheme. These apart, a major part of the budget came as old wine in a new bottle. Promises of regularization of unauthorized colonies, allotment of EWS housing for the poor, the ambitious Signature Bridge project, extension of the Barapullah elevated road till INA, making both Ring Road and Outer Ring Road signal free are some of the projects that have figured in budget speeches previously too.\"This budget for me is a people-friendly and situation-friendly budget. We will continue to look more intensely at the education, health and financial needs of the weaker sections. We would like to see Delhi developing into a good city to live in and a city that caters to the needs of all sections of the society,\" Dikshit said while delivering the budget. The chief minister said the government would pay special attention to qualitative improvements of the vastly upgraded physical infrastructure and expansions of the roads, power, metro and water networks.Dikshit justified the move to introduce VAT on CNG saying that both UP and Haryana have been levying the tax and the capital was only taking the step now. \"Neighboring states of Uttar Pradesh and Haryana have been levying VAT at 12.5% and 5% respectively on CNG. But we are introducing the tax after over 10 years of CNG in Delhi,\" Dikshit said, asserting that this will not put pressure on the 'aam admi' since CNG is used in public transport. However, when asked whether this would impact fares of autorickshaws and taxis in the future, the Delhi CM was evasive. \"We will see how the introduction of VAT on CNG plays itself out. I cannot say anything right now,\" she said. However, Dikshit admitted that the relief on petrol may not prove as a big relief for vehicle owners who also use CNG.On the petrol hike, Dikshit said the price of petrol in Delhi is the lowest among all metro cities and lower than the price in neighbouring cities of Haryana and Uttar Pradesh. \"But in view of the price hike in petrol, citizens of Delhi need to be provided some relief. We have given relief to the people when there was an increase in the price of diesel by exempting VAT on the increased component last year. Similarly, I propose to exempt the recently announced increase in the price of petrol from the levy of 20% of VAT,\" Dikshit said while presenting the budget.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13620070", "title": "House mum on water shortage, dogs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: At a time when city is facing numerous problems ranging from water shortage to poor condition of sanitation to dog menace to scarcity of raw material, which halted all developmental works in the city, not even a single developmental agenda was discussed in the monthly house meeting on Monday. The day passed amid allegations and counter allegations between ruling and opposition parties over the issue of irregular distribution of free parking passes.The meeting started at 11am and after the confirmation of minutes of last monthly house meeting, the coucillors just kept trading charges. Not even a single word was spoken during the entire discussion on how to sort out water crises.Criticizing the opposition's role for not discussing public issues and wasting time on unnecessary issues like passes, former mayor Subash Chawla said, \"BJP-SAD councillors had come to know that Union minister Pawan Kumar Bansal was coming to attend the meeting and they were competing with each other to show that who all can speak. I was hoping that opposition will show concern over water problem, sanitation issue, but cheap mentality exposed them before the public.\"On the other hand, BJP councillor Arun Sood said, \"Distribution of parking passes is scandal and mayor's attitude is like that of a dictator. She herself should resign. I have raised the developmental issues also and numerous works could have been completed with all the money, which was used in the printing of passes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13625032", "title": "Mangalore University to overhaul its exam manual", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore University is all set to overhaul its nearly three-decade old legacy - the Manual of Conduct of University Examinations, 1984. The university has constituted a six-member committee under the chairmanship of registrar (evaluation) PS Yadapadithaya to prepare a new manual that covers all phases of examination activities.The existing manual was framed at a time when the university followed the annual examination system. The university has since shifted to choice-based credit semester scheme of examinations for post-graduate courses and credit-based semester scheme for under-graduate courses. \"As the manual deals with pre-examination, examination and post-examination activities, the need to change it was direly felt,\" said vice-chancellor TC Shivashankara Murthy.The manual is considered as the \"examination bible\" for all universities and the entire process of examinations is conducted based on that. \"We want it to be a ready-reckoner on all aspects of the examinations conducted and most importantly, free from ambiguities,\" he said.Yadapadithaya said the committee had already held a few sittings. \"We expect to complete the work shortly. The manual once ready will be placed before the academic council. After its ratification, we will send the manual to the Syndicate for approval. The committee hopes to complete the entire exercise in two months,\" he said. Unlike other statutes, the manual does not need the consent of the Governor, the chancellor of the varsity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13636096", "title": "Two Lashkar-e-Taiba suspects held", "text": "KOCHI: Two suspected Lashkar-e-Taiba operatives were arrested by Kerala crime branch team on Tuesday in connection with the attack on a jewellery owner and his two sons, and looting of 2.25 kilogram of gold at Kizhakkambalam in Ernakulam on June 20, 2002.The two, KP Shabeer, 31, of Kannur and Ismail, 33, of Ernakulam, were arrested by a crime branch team comprising superintendents Muhammed Faisal, P Unniraja, Dy SPs P Prakash, P M Varghese and Investigation Inspector Biju K Stephen.According to police, the attack was carried out to raise funds for the LeT activities in Kerala. Inspector Biju K Stephen told the ToI that the incident was the first major operation carried out by the LeT in Kerala to raise funds for their activities in the state.While Shabeer was arrested from Shimoga in Karnataka, Ismail was arrested from Kochi. Ismail was arrested when he had come to present himself before the NIA court in connection with another terror-related case. Police said that the two were part of the same LeT group in the state. Suspected LeT operative Thadiyantavide Nazeer, currently in jail in connection with the terror cases probed by the National Investigation Agency, is believed to have coordinated the activities of the group.The two will be produced before the Kollencherry Magistrate Court on Tuesday and the police will move a petition seeking their custody for detailed interrogation.A group of nine persons attacked jewellery owner Mathew John and his two children around 7.30 pm, on June 20, 2002. He along with his two sons were returning home in a scooter after closing down the jewellery shop. The group attacked Mathew John and his sons with swords and fled the scene with the bag containing gold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13623459", "title": "Blair reveals close ties with Murdoch", "text": "LONDON: Admitting that politicians and press interact closely, former British prime minister Tony Blair told the Leveson inquiry investigating links between the two on Monday that he had got too close to the Murdoch group, but defended his relationship with newspapers as \"virtually inevitable and sensible\" for senior politicians.Simultaneously, he said, \"Draining of the poison from the culture is the real challenge ,\" adding that the use of newspapers as instruments of political power created a relationship that was \"unhealthy\" . \"It needs to be sorted out. It's got to be sorted out,\" said Blair during the four-hour hearing at the Royal Courts of Justice (or the high court) in London . He said he met editors and media owners 300 times during his term as Prime Minister.Blair testified that he never challenged the press because doing so would have plunged his government in a drawn out damaging fight, but also said that if push had come to shove, he would have \"fought back the press.\" The hearing was rudely interrupted by an intruder into the courtroom from behind Lord Justice Brian Leveson, screaming Blair was \"a war criminal\" .It was a serious breach of security as the man entered through a \"secure corridor\" . \"I am very sorry for that Mr Blair,\" Leveson said, clearly shocked. He ordered an investigation into the incident.The protestor was identified as David Lawley Wakelin from a group called Alternative Iraq Inquiry.On Murdoch, he said, \"We were dealing with very powerful people who had a big impact on the political system.\" He admitted he had travelled to Australia to meet Murdoch in 1995 to persuade him to switch his British newspapers' loyalties from the Conservative party to his Labour party for the 1997 general election, which he succeeded in doing.He also conceded that he asked Murdoch before the general election in 2001 whether the support would continue. The media magnate responded, according to Blair, by saying the Conservatives were \"unelectable\" . But he was at pains to stress his independence from Murdoch, saying , \"If the press had had turned on me, I would have fought back.\"Blair confirmed that he texted the high-profile Rebekah Brooks , when she resigned as head of Murdoch's operations in the UK last July. He justified this by saying he didn't believe in being a \"fair weather friend\" .Brooks was this month charged with perjury. The Leveson inquiry was set up by Prime Minister David Cameron after News of the World , a Sunday tabloid owned by the Rupert Murdoch-controlled News Corporation, was charged with hacking into mobile phone of a teenaged girl who was later found dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13620715", "title": "CBI may add 2 more charges against Adarsh scam accused", "text": "MUMBAI: Opposing the bail applications of seven accused in the Adarsh housing society scam, the CBI told the special court on Monday that it was investigating to see if two additional sections can be added to the case. Special public prosecutor Bharat Badami said that the CBI was contemplating adding two IPC sections, 409 (criminal breach of trust by public servant or by banker, merchant or agent) and 467 (forgery of valuable security). The court adjourned the matter to Tuesday.The accused had filed bail applications last week as the 60-day period to file chargesheet was coming to an end. Defence advocate Swapna Kode said applications were filed under CrPc's section 167(2). \"If the agency does not file a chargesheet within the allotted time, it can seek an extension. But, the CBI has not sought extension.\"The CBI told the court that if the two new charges were added then it would get more time to file chargesheet. It also said that it has sent signatures of some of the accused for examination and analysis to ascertain whether a case under the sections was made out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13614733", "title": "Congress slaps show-cause notices on 2 MLAs", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Congress on Monday slapped show-cause notices on MLAs Alla Nani (Eluru) and Sujaya Krishna Ranga Rao (Bobbili) for their connection with YSR Congress president YS Jaganmohan Reddy. Chairman of the Disciplinary Committee Kanteti Satyanarayana Raju asked the MLAs to send their explanation on or before June 4.While Alla Nani not only met Jagan and accompanied him to Dilkusha Guest House where the CBI quizzed him for three days before arresting him on Sunday, Ranga Rao met Jagan and his mother Vijayamma and expressed his solidarity.However, no action could be taken against Anakapalli MP Sabbam Hari since he is a Lok Sabha member. However, Raju said that the committee would write to the All India Congress Committee (AICC) recommending action against Hari as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13621383", "title": "Swearing at work may help your career grow", "text": "LONDON: Using a few Fwords at work, in the right time and the right place, could help boost your career, say some experts.As most companies now prefer their leaders to be charismatic rather than conservative, the old saying that being polite could propel your professional life is being re-evaluated.\"Companies increasingly prefer authentic leaders. Using colourful language can play to your advantage-as long as you also demonstrate empathy and good business judgment,\" the Daily Mail quoted Jeffrey Cohn, a CEO succession planning expert, as telling to the Wall Street Journal.An example of the power of a potty mouth is the video for Dollar Shave Club.Michael Dubin, the founder of the e-commerce start-up , brags their razor blades are 'f*** ing great' in the viral video. The word is bleeped out, but its impact is felt nonetheless.\"People know the curse is there,\" Cohn said, but warned dirty language can also be negative. \"You have to know your environment ,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "ferozepur/jalandhar", "code": "13620745", "title": "Punjab local polls: 26 Congress candidates withdraw nominations", "text": "FEROZEPUR/JALANDHAR: Alleging threats to them from leaders of the ruling Shiromani Akali Dal, 26 Congress candidates in Jalandhar and Ferozepur districts withdrew their nominations from the panchayat samiti polls. In Ferozepur the Congress candidates withdrew nominations from Mallanwala and Makhu blocks for elections scheduled to be held on June 6. In Jalandhar 11 candidates of Shiromani Akali Dal were elected unopposed after all the 13 Congress candidates from 13 wards of Shahkot nagar panchayat withdrew their nominations announcing to boycott the election.The polling would take place only in two wards where independents have been left in the fray. Congress leaders and the candidates alleged that they were withdrawing their papers after they received threats from ruling party and transport minister Ajit Singh Kohar to implicate them in serious criminal cases. However, Kohar has rubbished these allegations stating that Congress leaders were clear about their impending defeat.The candidates along with senior Congress leaders Rajanbir Singh and Hardev Singh Laddi and Congress workers withdrew their papers en masse. Leaders alleged that they were being threatened against campaigning and therefore have decided to boycott the elections.Congress state chief Sunil Jakhar said it was not an elections but a fraud being committed by the ruling party in the state. He alleged that officers concerned were openly supporting Akali candidates. He said their party had received a large number of complaints pertaining to use of police to pressure Congress candidates into withdrawing their nomination papers at certain places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13621163", "title": "'Luck eluded Bisla before Sunday'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Behind new KKR star Manvinder Sultan Singh Bisla's leap from obscurity to household name is a story of grit and keen desire to excel. Both his parents are academicians, but that didn't deter them from encouraging their son to take up an activity completely alien to them.His father, Dr SS Bisla , is a retired Haryana Agricultural University professor and mother Daya Kaur is a lecturer in a government school. \"Both me and my sisters were never stopped from pursuing our passions in life, whatever they were. Our parents have been wholly supportive of everything we do,\" Bisla said, adding that he started playing at the age of 13 in Hisar.What followed was a story of constant changes and strife. Bisla's endless quest for greener pastures and the perfect platform to impress saw him making his first-class debut for Haryana in 2002 before moving to Himachal Pradesh.Before his pulsating knock of 89 off 48 deliveries against CSK, he had no big scores or feats in domestic cricket to recommend him.The right-hand wicketkeeper-batsman has four centuries and eight fifties in his first-class career but somehow he has not been able to justify his talent before Sunday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13632983", "title": "Eastwood's daughter burns 100,000 dollars Hermes Birkin bag!", "text": "Clint Eastwood's daughter has infuriated fashion fans and general public, after setting a 100,000 dollars Hermes Birkin bag on fire in a new photo shoot.Francesca Eastwood, 19, and her photographer boyfriend Tyler Shields took a chainsaw to the designer bag before destroying it in the name of art.According to the New York Post , the response to the demise of the red crocodile Birkin has been swift, and has included death threats.\"Burning a 100Kdollars is not art. It's self-indulgent, wasteful, lazy, showing off,\" one person wrote on Twitter.Another fumed, \"could have used a cheap Kmart bag. Instead, waste money that could have fed hundreds. Spoiled and clueless. Try working 4 REAL.\"Sources close to Eastwood told entertainment website TMZ that Francesca had never expected the level of anger that she received.She has reportedly told her friends that people simply did not understand art.Clint's daughter is a model and stars in the reality TV show 'Mrs. Eastwood and Company.'Francesca is the only child of actor/director Clint Eastwood's relationship with actress Frances Fisher , whom he had met on the set of \"Pink Cadillac\" in 1989.The couple parted ways in 1995", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13613387", "title": "Pak says enough proof to nail Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi for 26/11 plot", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistan has finally acknowledged that there is enough evidence to prosecute Lashkar commander Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi for his involvement in the Mumbai terror attacks, in what marks the first endorsement of India's case against the 26/11 masterminds holed up across the border.Pakistani officials admitted during last week's home secretary-level talks that investigation conducted by their Federal Investigation Agency (FIA) had established Lakhvi's direct involvement in the 26/11 terror attacks. According to sources in the home ministry here, the Pakistani officials told home secretary R K Singh that the evidence against Lakhvi -- largely related to his role in organizing money and logistics, including the boat and inflatable dingy for the gang that ravaged Mumbai -- was strong enough to secure his conviction in court.\"Pakistan told India about the development at FIA's end during the home secretary-level talks between the two countries in Islamabad last week,\" said an official privy to the details of talks between the two home secretaries.Officials here termed it as a \"significant admission\", stressing that Pakistani authorities will be required to produce the evidence in the court trying Lakhvi and six others including Lashkar commanders Zarar Shah and Abu Al Qama, who all are in jail.The development marks a validation of the evidence that India gathered against Lakhvi, Shah, Qama and others and can give satisfaction to the investigators who saw Pakistan cussedly shrugging off their findings as flimsy. It should also leave them intrigued because they maintain that the evidence about Lakhvi's role contained in the several Indian dossiers submitted to Pakistan had been so foolproof that it could have easily been corroborated even by the neighbourhood cop long ago.As it coincides with the pressure from the US for action against Hafiz Saeed, wary Indian officials wonder whether the new stance on Lakhvi's culpability is meant to isolate the Lashkar chief from his junior jihadis and to strengthen Pakistan's case that lack of evidence was the only reason why it was not acting against the Muridke-based hate monger.Significantly, Pakistani officials bluntly told their Indian counterparts that the demand for action against Saeed was based on what Pakistan's interior minister Rehman Malik called \"hearsay\". They did not relent when the Indian side pointed out that in his confessional statement, Ajmal Kasab had spoken about Saeed's role in motivating the 26/11 attackers. Though Pakistan, on India's insistence, agreed to put before the Pakistani court new details on Saeed's involvement, it maintained that the FIA could not find anything against him.The admission about evidence of Lakhvi's involvement in the Mumbai attacks raises the question of how Islamabad is going to treat the evidence against other 26/11 masterminds, particularly two serving officers of Pakistan army who were involved in the Mumbai plot. David Headley, the Pakistan-born jihadi who reconnoitered Mumbai as part of the 26/11 plot, had spoken about the involvement of the two officers, besides Saeed.Islamabad also gave an assurance to consider positively the request for release of Sarabjit Singh , a condemned Indian prisoner currently lodged in Kot Lakhpat Jail in Lahore. The assurance was given when home secretary R K Singh called on Pakistani interior minister Rehman Malik in Islamabad last week.\"I have requested the Pakistan interior minister and my counterpart (interior secretary K M Siddiq Akbar) to release Sarabjit Singh. They have assured me that they will consider our request positively,\" Singh said while briefing reporters about his visit to Islamabad.Sarabjit was convicted for his involvement in the 1990 serial bomb blasts in Lahore and Multan that killed 14 people. He was given death sentence but his execution was indefinitely put off by the Pakistan government.Akbar too had hinted about the possibility after the talks when he told media in Islamabad that the Indian team raised the issue of Sarabjit and the matter would be decided in line with Pakistani laws. It is learnt that Pakistan may take the \"pardon\" route to release Sarabjit, if at all it decides to do it.The talks also saw both sides agreeing to initiate negotiations for a Mutual Legal Assistance Treaty which is meant to facilitate cooperation in investigation of crimes, prosecution and collecting evidence.Home secretary Singh said both sides have agreed \"in principle\" to initiate negotiations on a MLAT to strengthen cooperation in criminal matters. \"The Pakistani side promised to examine the draft and revert with comments within two months,\" he said.He said the Pakistani side also \"took note of Indian request\" to consider the possibility of inking an extradition treaty between the two countries. \"They said they would examine it,\" Singh said.Acceptance of the MLAT draft by Pakistan assumes significance as, if signed, it will pave the way for cooperation on all criminal matters including terror investigation. Assistance under the treaty includes locating and identifying persons and objects; search and seizure; making detained person available to give evidence or assist investigations; taking measures to freeze and confiscate any funds meant for financing acts of terrorism and obtaining statements of accused or detained persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13613733", "title": "Indore petrol pump employee shot at", "text": "Two unidentified mobike-borne youths allegedly shot at a petrol pump employee at Simrol in Indore early on Monday morning when he refused to fill petrol since it had no late night service. The victim, who is recuperating at a hospital, in his statement told the police that he suspected they reached there to rob the petrol pump.Police said the incident took place at around 2.30 am when the accused on a mobike screeched to a halt at Asha petrol pump and asked the victim, Narendra Singh Thakur, to fill petrol in the mobike's tank. Thakur was on night shift and guarding the petrol pump alone, said the police.According to the police, when the duo asked Narendra to fill petrol, Thakur told them that the pump would open in the morning only as it had no late hour service. He asked them to come in the morning when the petrol pump opened.It reportedly led to a heated exchange between Thakur and mobike-borne youths. Suddenly one of the youths allegedly opened fire at him and fled the spot. An injured petrol pump employee managed to call his colleagues, who rushed to the spot and they then called the police. The victim was rushed to MY Hospital, where he is undergoing treatment.The Simrol police registered an offence against the unidentified attackers.Thakur reportedly told to police that he suspected it was a loot attempt but he failed to give any description about the assailants or their vehicle's registration number.Simrol town inspector Ajit Kumar Patel said that the duo could not be identified from the video footage captured by CCTV at the petrol pump due to the darkness at the spot.However, he said that the investigation was on and police would nab the accused very soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13618010", "title": "Activist seeks sanction to prosecute former CMs", "text": "BANGALORE: A petition seeking sanction to prosecute two former CMs -- N Dharam Singh and H D Kumaraswamy -- regarding their roles in alleged illegal mining was filed before the Karnataka legislative assembly speaker KG Bopaiah here on Monday by a private individual.Activist T J Abraham files this petition after his request on the same issue was turned down by the Lok Sabha secretariat on the grounds that the allegations pertained to the period when they were members of the Karnataka assembly. To a similar petition filed by him against Union minister SM Krishna , the Rajya Sabha secretariat said prosecution at this state is unwarranted for and can happen only when a chargesheet is filed, according to Abraham.In his petition, Abraham said as a social worker he was pained by the deterioration of ethics and morality in public life, more so with alarming levels of indulgence in corruption by people holding public office. \"I have decided to initiate criminal proceedings against the three MPs (Krishna, Singh and Kumaraswamy) and get them prosecuted under the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988; The Karnataka Forests Act,1963; The Forest (Conservation) Act, 1980; Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act, 1957 and the Indian Penal Code,\" he added.The basic premise, he said, is the revelation by two Lokayukta reports on illegal mining released by Justice Santosh N Hegde when he headed the anti-graft agency. When contacted, Bopaiah said he wasn't aware of the petitions as he's in his constituency.Times ViewThe Karnataka government must be ashamed that a significant event in its history may well have gone unsung. But in a case of better late than never, it's finally mobilizing its resources to unearth nuggets of the assembly and showcase them to a generation which is understandably ignorant about the glorious past. It's also a good opportunity to honour the early pioneers of Karnataka governance who set the tone and tenor for good administration. It may even remind the present lot why the state's visionaries were hailed across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13624114", "title": "Trafficking gang dupes man, four arrested", "text": "JAIPUR: The issue of aged bachelors buying women from human trafficking gangs and then getting duped came to the fore once again in the state when the police arrested a 35-year-old woman and her three accomplices in Bundi on Monday. Police said the woman had duped at least 10 bachelors in various parts of the country by disappearing with cash and jewellery a few days after marrying them. In most cases, the victims bought the woman from a human trafficking gang.SP, Bundi, Priti Chandra told TOI that the police have arrested one Savitri, a resident of Akola in Maharashtra and three others -- Shivraj, Bheru Lal and Lakhveer Singh -- from Patan town in Bundi.CO, Patan, Phool Chand Yadav said: \"The three men had sold Savitri to one 42-year-old Bihari Lal Meghwal, a resident of Patan town for Rs 55,000 about a week ago.\"Bihari Lal, who could not find a bride in the local area, had come in contact with this human trafficking gang when his work as a labourer took him to Maharashtra. \"He was introduced to Savitri there. The three men left her at his place a week ago and came back on Sunday saying they would take her back,\" said the officer. The three men had come to his house when Bihari Lal realized that the woman was to disappear from his house and did not allow her to leave.He added that the trio threatened to lodge fake FIRs against him. \"They threatened that they would implicate him in a rape and kidnap case if he did not let Savitri go. It was followed by a minor scuffle among them following which police rushed to his house,\" said the officer.On reaching his house, police realized that Bihari Lal had been duped by a human-trafficking gang. Police said that buying girls for marriage is a rampant practice in the area due to skewed sex ratio.\"The woman and three others were arrested when Bihari Lal lodged an FIR. The four were produced in a court on Monday which sent them to police custody,\" said the officer.He added that the woman had duped at least 10 men across the country in the recent past. \"She would disappear a few days after the marriage, in some cases with cash and jewellery,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13629761", "title": "At 97, AK Hangal shoots for TV", "text": "A year and a half ago, Avtar Kishan Hangal aka A K Hangal, who had made millions weep with his heart-rending roles on screen was fighting illness and poverty at his residence in Santa Cruz East.But things are now changing for the actor who had also been an active participant in the national struggle for freedom. The 97-year-old actor after starring in over 200 films, is all set to return to the small screen with brand new show, Madhubala . He has been a part of several shows in the 1990s.Mirror has learnt that the actor will play himself on the show that is reportedly based on the life of veteran actress Madhubala . In fact, Hangal shot for the part a couple of days back.When contacted, Saurabh Tewari, the producer of the show said, \"There is a vital sequence for which we needed a veteran actor. We were looking for someone who has been a part of the Hindi cinema industry for long. It was a scene where the protagonist, Madhubala gets named after her birth on a film set. That's when we thought of Hangal Saab.\"However, the makers weren't too sure whether the 97-year-old actor would be able to shoot. \"I was rather apprehensive when I got in touch with him and met him. When I told him about the show and the scene, his eyes lit up. I could see how excited he was to come back to a set and shoot. He just told me that he would like to wear his own costume,\" said Tewari.Hangal came on the scheduled day and shot for nearly an hour. \"It was something that we had never imagined possible. He has unique energy. It was like a blessing for us. Even his son told us how happy he was to shoot after almost seven to eight years. We were all charged up seeing him on the sets. That one-hour was purely magical. I did not know whether he would be able to pull it off at this age. But he managed to give a one-take shot. It was wonderful,\" added Tewari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13616551", "title": "Bandra family waits for call from police station", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bandra police are yet to summon Ronit Kanuga for the identification parade of the alleged policemen who turned up at his residence early on Sunday and forced him to pay a fine of Rs 3,000 for hosting a party.Ronit told TOI, \"I was told by an officer that I will be called to the police station when the cops on night duty returned to work on Sunday night. But there has been no call to me or my mother Alison, who has filed a complaint at the police station, till now.''Six \"policemen\" had landed up at Kanuga's residence early on Sunday, claiming that they had received a complaint of loud music being played in the house. They wanted Ronit to accompany them to the police station. When he refused to do so, they demanded a fine of Rs 12,000.Ronit's mother Alison Woodham, in a written complaint filed with the Bandra police, said after her son refused to go to the police station, the \"cops\" asked him to settle the matter.He then paid them Rs 3,000 out of fear. Woodham urged the Bandra police to inquire into the matter as she felt that the six men could be impersonators. She alleged that the police had not taken the case seriously.Meanwhile, DCP Pratap Dighavkar has asked the Bandra police to inquire into the matter and submit a report within three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13613739", "title": "Class 12 student hangs self in East Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A class XII student allegedly committed suicide on Monday afternoon by hanging himself from a ceiling fan in Surajmal Vihar, east Delhi. No suicide note has been found from the spot, police said. cThe deceased, Harsh (18), was reportedly outraged after his family refused to fulfill his demand for a motorcycle, cops said.The incident took place around 1pm at the deceased's house. Harsh, reportedly, had been demanding a bike throughout the day and was found dead later in the day. Harsh's body was handed over to his family after an autospsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13623040", "title": "City CBSE schools put up a good show", "text": "KOCHI: City schools have put up a good show at the class XII of the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) results this year. Several schools have achieved 100% success.Chinmaya Vidyalaya, Vaduthala recorded 100% pass with 106 distinctions and 26 first classes. Global Public School also secured 100% pass. One student got A1 in all subjects, while 87% bagged distinction and the remaining first class.As many as 80 students from the Bharathiya Vidya Bhavan Schools in the city (Bhavan's Vidya Mandir (Eroor), Bhavan's Adarsha Vidyalaya (Kakkanad), Bhavan's Vidya Mandir (Elamakara) and Girinagar Bhavan's and Bhavan's Varuna Vidyalaya, Thrikkakkara), bagged A1 grade in all subjects.In Choice School, Tripunithura, of the 151 students who appeared for the exam, 126 came out with distinction and the rest with first class. 11 students secured A1 in all subjects.Out of the 146 students who wrote the exam from Toc-H Public School, Vytilla, 86 got distinction and the rest first class.Satellite town schools such as the Kothamangalam Green Valley Public School had 20 of its 26 students received distinction and the rest first class. In the case of Vidyodaya School, of the 119 students who appeared for the exam in the science stream, 90 secured distinction and 27 first class. In the commerce stream, 25 students secured distinction while five got first class.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13614269", "title": "Common test for IITs, all engineering courses to kick in from next year", "text": "NEW DELHI: A common national test for admission to engineering courses across the country that takes into account Class XII board marks will be introduced from 2013.Under the new scheme, all aspirants will have to give two exams - JEE main and JEE advanced - to be held on the same day. The aspirant's set of scores will decide whether he or she will be eligible for admission to the premier Indian Institutes of Technology (IIT), centrally funded institutions like NITs or IIITs or state-funded institutions.For admission to IITs, students will be shortlisted on the basis of their cumulative score for Class XII and the main test (50% weightage each). The merit list for the elite institutes will be decided on the candidate's performance in the advanced test.The weightage for admission to other institutions will vary. For centrally funded institutions which include NITs and IIITs, it will be 40% for Class XII board, 30% for the main test and another 30% for the advanced test: a format that IITs have also agreed to follow from 2015.States will have to fix weightage for admission to institutions they govern. Class XII marks will be standardized on percentile basis by a formula worked out by the Indian Statistical Institute.While the main test shall be multiple choice type paper, the nature and modalities of the JEE advanced test shall be determined by the Joint Admission Board (JAB) of the IITs.For students who have appeared for Class XII board in 2012, the council has decided that they may be allowed to sit for the board exam again if they would like to improve their performance in order to benefit from the new format which factors in their performance at the school level. CBSE and state boards will be asked to make appropriate arrangements.The decision, after two years of consultations and deliberations, was taken in a meeting with the joint councils of IITs, NITs and IIITs.The All India IIT Federation submitted a dissent note at the meeting, continuing with their insistence that the exam be postponed till 2014 and Class XII be given a maximum of 40% weightage.Elaborating on the decision, HRD minister Kapil Sibal admitted to \"resistance'' from the IIT system, but said the council had secured an agreement by conceding their two main demands. As insisted by the IIT Senate and Federation, they will continue to have academic control over the exam including paper-setting, evaluation and preparation of merit list. Their demand that the main exam scores be used in addition to the board exam to shortlist eligible students was also accepted.In turn, Sibal managed to get the IIT Council to agree to introduction of the common entrance test next year instead of 2014 as demanded by the IIT Senate and Federation. The minister told reporters that states like Haryana, Maharashtra and Gujarat had already agreed to adopt the new format. An education ministers' meeting on June 5 will be crucial to gauge interest among states who will have the freedom to decide their own weightages within the format.Stressing that this will reduce mental and financial burden among aspirants, Sibal said the new system would ensure better results in schools and cut down dependence on coaching institutes.Even as the process of selection to the IITs would be different then other institutes, Professor Sanjay Dhande, Director of IIT Kanpur said the counselling to IITs and other institutes will be done jointly and allotment of seats will be done together.Sibal made it clear that JAB of the IIT system would have complete control on matters such as paper setting, evaluation and preparation of merit list over the advanced test while CBSE will provide administrative support for conduct of the examination.For conduct of the main examination, an expanded joint admission board will be constituted including the NIT, other centrally funded institutes and state government representatives.( An earlier version of this story mistakenly described National Institutes of Technology, or NITs, as NIITs. We regret the error and thank our readers for pointing it out. )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13614809", "title": "AIIMS Jhajjar to have bigger OPD than Delhi", "text": "GURGAON: The upcoming campus of All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) in Jhajjar will have a bigger outdoor patient department (OPD) than the one in Delhi. The foundation stone for OPD will be laid on Wednesday by the Union health minister, Ghulam Nabi Azad .The fully airconditioned facility will handle about 1,000 outdoor patients per day till the full-fledged AIIMS campus gets ready. The total estimated area of the OPD is about 4,500 square metres, where departments including general medicine, orthopaedics, obstetrics and gynaecology, paediatrics, ophthalmology, ENT, psychiatry, dermatology, dietetics, general surgery besides diagnostic facilities, immunization and laboratories would be set up. Once completed, the AIIMS-II campus would house National Cancer Institute , OPD complex, Centre for Geriatrics, 500-bed general hospital and a number of other specialty centres.As an interim arrangement, the patients visiting the OPD would be referred to AIIMS Delhi. This would provide first level treatment to the patients from Haryana, Delhi, Rajasthan and other north Indian states. the Haryana government has asked for a nursing school near Sondhi so that girls from the neighbouring areas could be educated and made employable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "tokyo", "code": "13635871", "title": "Radioactive cesium from Fukushima found in tuna caught off US", "text": "TOKYO: Trace amounts of radioactive cesium released from Japan's crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant have been found in bluefin tuna caught off the western coast of the United States , according to a study.While the amounts are not considered a health hazard, the detection reflects the magnitude of the nuclear disaster, which resulted in the release of massive amounts of radioactive materials into the atmosphere and sea, said the study in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences published online Monday.A Stanford University researcher and two others wrote that they have found \"unequivocal evidence\" that the tuna transported across the Pacific Ocean radioactive cesium released in the disaster triggered by the powerful earthquake and tsunami in March last year.According to the study, cesium 134 and cesium 137 found in 15 bluefin tuna caught off the coast of San Diego , California, last August measured 4 bequerels per kilogram and 6.3 bequerels per kg, respectively.The tuna are believed to have been off the Japanese coast when the disaster occurred and migrated to the U.S coast due to ocean currents.In comparison, no cesium 134 was found in tuna caught in 2008, while a tiny amount of cesium 137 that would naturally exist in the environment was found in them.Cesium 134 has a relatively short half-life of two years. Tokyo Electric Power Company, which operates the power plant in Fukushima Prefecture on the Pacific coast, estimates that 900,000 terabequerels of radioactive materials were released into the atmosphere, 18,000 terabequerels of which are believed to have flowed into the ocean.A terabequerel is equal to 1 trillion bequerels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13618386", "title": "Johnson had relationships with many women", "text": "BANGALORE: Wewingphipheri Kenigua alias Prince Johnson , the 31-year-old Nigerian who was arrested on rape charges, is said to have had a live-in relationship with a girl from Tripura for three years. However, the girl returned to Delhi to continue her MBA course, police sources said.Bangalore Rural district police also said he had married an Indian woman nearly three years ago. \"We are in search of the woman whom he claimed he had married while in Bangalore as a student,\" an officer told TOI.\"If need be, we shall question that girl also. As we are questioning him, Johnson is revealing his relationships with more women. We suspect that John befriended women through social websites,\" investigating officers said.Johnson was on Monday sent to judicial custody in Parappana Agrahara central prison.Claims he is a studentJohnson, who arrived with a student visa around four years ago, told Avalahalli police in Bangalore Rural district that he was a BBM student in Garden City College on Old Madras Road. However, Johnson failed to produce any documents to prove this, police said. \"This is how some African nationals land here and commit offences. A student visa helps them stay for a longer period in India. Many end up discontinuing their education,\" a senior police officer said.Garden City College, though, says he is not their student. A college spokesperson told TOI that Johnson was not part of the present batch of BBM students. \"Police asked us whether he is a BBM student of our college. We told police he is not with the current batch. If he produces a college ID or any other material, we can tell whether he was a student or not.\"Drug peddler too?A senior police officer said they suspect Johnson is a drug peddler. \"He lives a lavish life without any earnings. He has not received money from Nigeria. So from where did he get the money? He consumes expensive alcohol,\" police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13617341", "title": "26 test tube babies delivered on a single day", "text": "COIMBATORE: A hospital in Erode has successfully conducted 19 caesarean operations to deliver 26 test tube babies in a single day. Born on May 23, the infants were discharged from the Sudha Hi-Tech IVF hospital on Monday.\"A team of three doctors conducted the operation in three different theatres,\" said S Dhanabhagyam, director of the hospital. All the mothers wanted their babies to be born on May 28, since they considered it an auspicious day, she told TOI. Since these babies cannot be delivered normally, a caesarean section had to be performed for all the 19 mothers, she said. The operations that began at 4am went on till 7pm.For Dr Dhanabhagyam, who has helped in delivering over 1,000 IVF babies in the past decade, it was a fulfilling moment. \"It is a feat in itself as the previous operation conducted on a very popular and much-in-demand auspicious day in October, enabled us to deliver 20 children. I'm happy that we were able to top this feat,\" the doctor said.She said that seven of the 19 mothers had twins, while the rest had a single child. Most of these mothers are between 35 and 51 years and suffer either from lack of embryo, ovarian failure or defective fallopian tubes. All the eggs were fertilized through the now popular ICSI (intra-cytoplasmic sperm injection) technique, in which the sperm is directly injected into each egg.\"We were childless for the past eight years. However, with the blessing of god and the proper care at the hospital we were blessed with a child on this auspicious day,\" said Alkhila Ganesha Ramesh, a resident of Perungalathur in Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13624655", "title": "State working proposal to reduce VAT on petrol: Prithviraj Chavan", "text": "PUNE: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Monday said the government is still working on a proposal to reduce value added tax (VAT) on petrol and a decision is likely to be taken by June 3.When asked if the Maharashtra government would follow in the footsteps of some other state governments that have expressed willingness to reduce VAT on petrol, he said, \"We are still considering the proposal and are yet to take a final decision on it. There are talks going on at various levels in the government regarding the issue and there are many aspects that are to be considered before reaching any decision.\"Chavan was speaking to reporters after the sixth convocation ceremony of the Defence Institute of Advanced Technology (DIAT).He reiterated that the government would soon come up with a white paper on the status of irrigation projects and that there is no political motive behind publishing the same.\"The white paper will be a detailed document, highlighting the current status of irrigation projects and expenditure incurred so far. Work is underway to gather relevant details. We are also examining the details pertaining to irrigation projects published in this year's state economic survey,\" Chavan said.Speaking about the scarcity situation in the state, he said the government has taken various steps to deal with it. He said that funds are being allotted to mitigate the situation and highest priority is being given to meet drinking water needs from the available water in reservoirs.Earlier, while speaking during the convocation, Chavan laid stress on the use of human and knowledge resources to bring about development. He said, \"The country needs appropriate innovation and, for this, we could rope in private players within the country, other than importing technologies from other countries.\"Chavan also said that alternative sources of energy must be found. Students passing out from the DIAT could play a vital role in developing new products that would prove useful for the common people. He also urged the academic staff of DIAT to develop multitasking skills in themselves.V K Saraswat, scientific adviser to the defence minister and chairman, governing council, DIAT (deemed university - DU), was present for the convocation and said that the IT sector was the area in which more developments could take place with reference to hardware technologies and software developments. The DIAT should work on fundamental research in this area, he added.Over 200 students comprising 24 DRDO personnel, 63 tri-services officers, 65 foreign students and 57 scholarship students were conferred MTech degrees in various areas of study.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "autorickshaw drivers on monday cashed in on the shortage of petrol and the hike in petrol prices. j ashmita, who wanted to go to kilpauk from nandanam, was asked rs 350, while another who wanted to travel to chetpet from ttk road was asked to pay rs 225. all the auto drivers cited the same reason", "code": "13617758", "title": "Some love a good drought", "text": "Autorickshaw drivers on Monday cashed in on the shortage of petrol and the hike in petrol prices. J Ashmita, who wanted to go to Kilpauk from Nandanam, was asked Rs 350, while another who wanted to travel to Chetpet from TTK Road was asked to pay Rs 225. All the auto drivers cited the same reason: shortage of petrol. A commuter was shocked when a driver demanded Rs 200 to take him from R A Puram to Egmore. \"This is the only state where daylight robbery is committed by auto drivers. No government has the spine to introduce meters like in other metros. Since most autorickshaws are owned by those in power, the authorities don't want to install meters or make them mandatory,\" said M Raghuram who recently moved to the city from Bangalore.\"In Bangalore, fares are printed by police. Even after the recent petrol price hike, autorickshaw drivers refer to the pamphlet and charge reasonable fares,\" he saids. Ajay M of Nungambakkam who travels by auto to his workplace in Teynampet said \"I was shocked when the driver demanded Rs 150. Normally, I pay Rs 70 but on Monday I could not get an auto for even Rs 100.\" The situation is expected to get grimmer on Tuesday if the situation doesn't improve. \"What do we do if there is a shortage? Due to the recent hike in prices, we are forced to increase fares,\" said J Franklin, an autorickshaw driver in Chetpet.Diesel shortage fires up veggie pricesDiesel squeeze is beginning to fuel vegetable prices in the city. There was a shortage of around 30 truckloads of vegetables at the Koyambedu wholesale market, leading to an uptick of prices. \"Vegetable prices at the market have increased by Rs 2 on an average and will increase by another Rs 3 if the supply does not rebound in the next two days,\" said a wholesale dealer familiar with the market maths.\"We had a shortage of close to 300 tonnes of vegetables on Monday,\" the dealer said. Some of the vegetables that fell short of the expected load were carrots, cabbage, aubergine (brinjal), ladies' fingers, bitter gourd and onions. Carrots that are trucked in from Ooty were sold at Rs 30, cabbage at Rs 22, brinjal at Rs 16 and ladies' fingers at Rs 18 a kilo.\"Tomatoes are most prone to price fluctuations because they have a low shelf life. But as of now there is no supply hitch for tomatoes,\" said a former executive member of Koyambedu Market Management Committee, V R Soundarajan. Of the 30 trucks that did not turn up on Monday, 10 were carriers of onion, sourced mostly from Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra. \"Around 70% of the lorries that travel to Chennai are off the road since Sunday,\" said president of the Tamil Nadu Lorry Owners Association K Nallathambi.He also alleged that oil companies were trying to create an artificial demand for diesel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "13616337", "title": "Arrested rape accused calls up victim\u2019s relative", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: A relative of the 25-year-old nursing student, who was raped in Bengaluru and is currently undergoing treatment in Nerul, alleged that she was receiving calls and text messages from the accused even though he was in police custody.The accused, Prince John alias Johnson, has been in the custody of the Bengaluru police since Sunday morning. The relative, who works in a spa in Mumbai, has reportedly been receiving calls and SMSs from the accused-seeking withdrawal of the complaint against him-since Sunday night. On Monday morning, the accused again called up the victim's relative, reportedly from a friend's phone.The president of Indian Christian Voice &amp; Harmony Foundation, Abraham Mathai, who is intervening on behalf of the victim's family, told TOI: \"The accused is desperately trying to reach out to the relative of the victim so that the complaint can be withdrawn. However, both the victim and her relative are determined to legally punish the accused,\" said Mathai.The relative has managed to record one of the phone conversations as proof.Mathai said he informed an additional commissioner of police in Bengaluru about the matter, after which the calls stopped.The accused is expected be brought to Nerul for identification within two days. The victim is admitted to a hospital in Nerul for surgery on her private parts owing to the severe injuries she sustained during the rape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13624134", "title": "Ramming parked vehicles tops human errors in e-way mishaps", "text": "PUNE: Eighty-four per cent of accidents on the Pune-Mumbai expressway are human error-driven, an analysis by the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) of mishap-related statistics in six years from 2006, indicates.Of the five human errors, drivers ramming parked vehicles tops the list. There were 9,050 accidents on the 94-km expressway and 7,606 were due to human error, the statistics show. Other errors include dozing on the wheel, wrong turns or overtaking dangerously, losing control over the vehicle and braking suddenly.Officials said the number of vehicles using the expressway had increased in the last six years and so have the accidents. Between 2006 and 2009, the average number of accidents on the expressway every year was 1,400. In 2010, it went up to 1,672 and the next year to 1,754.Road safety activists and highway officials said although human error is a major cause for accidents, it is important to look into road safety audits and check if road design and other requirements are in place to prevent accidents.Accidents on highways and expressway are distressing because vehicles are driven at high speeds, road safety expert Chandmal Parmar said. \"Human error is a major reason accounting for 70 % of accidents. People are increasingly travelling at night which is dangerous. Overspeeding and negligent driving are the major factors for accidents. Eyes are stressed at night and this becomes a cause for accidents,\" he said.Road designs and lack of signages have to be taken into account for a proper accident analysis. \"There are no truck terminals or eateries for truck drivers on the expressway which does not have proper parking bays,\" he said.Superintendent of police (higways) Pune division Dilip Bhujbal said one cannot blame only human error for accidents; infrastructure lapses are also responsible. \"The expressway does not have enough parking bays where vehicles can stop safely if there is a mechanical fault or a puncture. There must be a road concessionaire by which any vehicle with a mechanical breakdown or a puncture can be shifted immediately to the parking bay. The importance of such facilities and safety systems come to fore only when major accidents take place,\" he said.The expressway also needs restrooms for drivers, facilitation centres with medical help or assistance to drivers, proper road signages, access or service roads for local residents, proper boundary walls, and ambulance and crane services, highway police officials said.Most road accidents take place at night and in the early morning hours, road safety activists and experts said. Night travel is increasing as people work during the day and want to cover maximum distance at night. The risk of accidents at night is eight times more than those in the day time, between 11.30 pm and 6.30 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13618456", "title": "Trichy tailors against distribution of school uniform orders", "text": "TRICHY: Women belonging to the Cauvery Women Tailors' Cooperative Association, Trichy on Monday submitted a petition to district collector Jayashree Muralidharan seeking her intervention to not divert orders for stitching school uniforms to unregistered tailors citing time constraints.In their petition, the women coming under categories like below poverty line, widows, destitutes and differently-abled persons were given orders from the district social welfare office to stitch school uniforms for government and aided schools in Trichy district. The association has been in existence for the past 29 years and was providing employment to the poor women to run their families.Earlier, the officials gave enough time for delivering the stitched uniforms. However, last year after the then state government's decision to provide two sets of school uniforms to the students, the special officer Veeramani sought the tailors to finish the task within a day, failing which he diverted the orders to unregistered tailors in Sivaganga district. Due to this, the tailors had faced a loss of income last year. Unfortunately, the uniforms could not be used as they were declared unfit. This year, the state government has ordered to provide four sets of uniforms to the students. The tailors claimed that the special officer is again trying to give the orders to outsiders.According to official sources, as many as 1.50 lakh students in the district benefited every year. In the wake of the government order, the number of school uniform sets would go up this year. So, the officials shared the orders to tailors in Sivaganga district to complete it on time. Previously, the tailors were given five months time to complete the orders. But this year, the time is very limited. So this year also, the government gave very limited time to complete the order before June 10.When contacted K Yasodhai, district social welfare officer, Trichy said that since the petition was submitted to the district collector, she cannot comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13615844", "title": "Eyebrows raised as ban on tender payments is violated by Gondia Zilla Parishad", "text": "GONDIA: Despite a ban by the state government on works and payments under minor irrigation works worth Rs 30 crore in Gondia Zilla Parishad, the officiating executive engineer has allegedly issued a cheque of Rs 2.29 lakh to a contractor.Around five to six months back all tenders issued by the minor irrigation and public works of Gondia ZP to unemployed engineers and labourers unions were suspended due to some irregularities in the procedure. All the works covered by these tenders were suspended, including payment for any works which might have begun before these tenders were cancelled. An immediate enquiry was started regarding these tenders and the drawing and disbursing powers of some executive engineers were suspended.This had virtually stalled all construction activities, including those for drinking water supply in villages. So, Vijay Rahangdale, chairman of building construction and finance departments, was scheduled to start a hunger strike from Wednesday, May 30. Then, the news came that officiating executive engineer Deepak Parate had drawn payment of Rs 2,29,203 to one Mrs DJ Chauhan vide cheque no. 085537 dated May 9.One of the contractors told TOI that some works had started before the suspension of the tenders, which included work on the graveyard of village Navegaon of Gondia tehsil. The orders to stop payments were circulated through the cash and accounts officer of Gondia ZP. How this payment was approved remains a mystery.Chairman of B&C; and finance department Vijay Rahangdale said there are some payments that are approved from either the collector or the commissioner, for which prior approval of CAFO is not required.Moreover, the orders to stop payments might not have gone through him, since at that time the CAFO was only a deputy engineer. However, most contractors said normally the CAFO should not have made the payment in view of the spirit of the ban, particularly since these works are dubious tenders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "13623017", "title": "Gilani case: Opposition moves apex court", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Opposition parties in Pakistan moved Supreme Court on Monday challenging National Assembly speaker Fehmida Mirza's refusal to disqualify prime minister Yousaf Raza Gilani following his conviction for contempt.Gilani was convicted for refusing to act on the court's order to ask the Swiss government to reopen a money laundering case against President Zardari. Last month, Gilani was handed out a symbolic sentence of less than a minute. Nawaz Sharif-led PML-N and Imran Khan's Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf filed separate petitions in court.PML-N said in its petition Gilani stands disqualified after the Supreme Court verdict and he should be barred from performing his duties as prime minister . Gilani and his law secretary have been made respondents .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "13636811", "title": "Staying connected from bathroom `new norm` for Facebook addicts", "text": "MELBOURNE: Facebook and Twitter addicts post updates that may have been composed in the restroom, a new research has found.According to the Australian, there is a growing class of social media addicts, obsessed with staying in touch with their friends through social media platforms such as Facebook and Twitter no matter where they are, and six percent are so gripped they are tweeting and posting while on the toilet, News.com.au reported.The finding came from a survey of 1016 consumers and 1951 businesses by the Australian Interactive Media Industry Association and Yellow Pages.It also revealed 62 percent of internet users Down Under now have a presence on a social network and 36 percent use it at least once a day.About 10 percent of users are so obsessed with keeping in touch through social media channels they are accessing sites at least five times every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13617273", "title": "Hop on to Metro from Peenya by year-end", "text": "BANGALORE: The wait for Peenya-Malleswaram commuters to hop on to the Metro is getting shorter. Trial runs on the stretch will begin by the last quarter of this year.BMRC chairman and managing director N Sivasailam on Monday said tracks have been laid on Reach 3 and 3A, starting from Malleswaram to Peenya depot, which will be followed by the third rail. \"This time, we are laying the third rail after track work is completed to prevent damage,\" he said.Waiting for nodSivasailam said BMRC has been waiting for three-and-a-half years to get clearance for constructing a viaduct above the railway line. Except for the 66-metre span over the railway line in Srirampura near Malleswaram, civil works on the track of the northern line are over. \"We have written to the Railways to give clearance for the viaduct. We are also awaiting permission from the commissioner for railway safety,\" he said.He hinted that the entire northern reach is ready for operations but for the Malleswaram station. It can start from the northern depot up to the station on Maha Kavi Kuvempu Road.Federal bank cardOn Monday, Federal Bank officially became the merchant banking partner for Reach 3 and 3A (northern line), allowing account holders to swipe their debit or credit cards to travel by the Metro. Those who don't have accounts can swipe their Metro travel card or SBI travel card to commute between Malleswaram and Peenya. Federal Bank will be the channel to transfer the money collected at automated fare-collecting gates at the entrance and exit of the stations.Referring to the MoU with the bank, Sivasailam said: \"This is an indication to commencement of the northern line connecting Malleswaram and Peenya. Over the next few weeks, we will sit with bank members to fix technical platforms for them in the stations on the 12.4-km stretch. Security implications have to be taken into account.\" The bank will have to keep their counters ready two to three months before the line is operational, he added.On having different banking partners for the stretches, Sivasailam said: \"The idea is to make travelling simpler. The banks are selected through bidding and we hope they will help commuters having travel combo cards.\"How long a wait?Reaches 2, 4 and 4A will open in 9-12 monthsUnderground section will open by March-April 2013Overall project will be completed by 2014", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13616382", "title": "Cyber crook arrested for blackmailing disabled woman", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Some goons, hiding in the back alleys of the internet, may not spare even a disabled woman when it comes to taking advantage of her vulnerability. A woman IT professional from the city suffering from polio thought she had found her knight in shining armour who would marry her and give her a new lease of life when she befriended him online.Just as she was dreaming of a happy family life, her world came crashing down when she realised that the Jharkhand man was a blackmailer. On Monday, the Dhanbad police along with Ahmedabad crime branch sleuths arrested Rakesh Sharma , 40, from his workplace. He too is an IT professional.The 30-year-old woman, suffering from polio since childhood, had posted her profile on a matrimony site. Sharma got in touch with her about six months ago and they started chatting online.After months of internet chats, Sharma convinced the woman to send some of her pictures. \"While the first lot of picture she sent were normal ones, Sharma convinced the woman that he needed some nude pictures of her so that he could consult a doctor about her condition. Having stayed in touch with him for six months over the internet, the girl believed him and sent the pictures,\" said an official with Dhanbad police.Next, Sharma asked the girl to pack her bags and come to Dhanbad. When the girl insisted that Sharma's parents should come to discuss marriage proposal with her relatives, he started threatening her.Soon, he mailed some of her pictures to a director in her company and also to her sister. He also wrote that they should be prepared for the worse. On May 24, the victim lodged a complaint with Ahmedabad crime branch.Since Sharma had not left any trace, the IT cell of Ahmedabad crime branch traced him through his email id. A team reached Dhanbad on Saturday and involved local police in the operation.Times ViewNetizens should be extra careful before sharing any personal information online. The digital world is infested with more than its share of cyber-rogues who will take undue advantage of such information. It is important for people to educate themselves in online etiquette, before looking for love or friends online. A simple Google search will provide you the basics of what is also known as 'netiquette'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13621362", "title": "Congress legislators authorise Sonia to choose Congress Legislative Party leader", "text": "LUCKNOW: Congress legislators have left the decision to choose the CLP leader on party president Sonia Gandhi . The one line resolution was passed by the party MLAs hour and half long deliberations on Monday. Apart from the unit's in-charge and AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh , Union energy minister Sushil Kumar Shinde and party treasurer Motilal Vora attended the crucial meeting. The three senior leaders, sources said questioned each of the 28 MLAs separately seeking their choice for the chair.While most of them expressed a desire to leave the matter to Sonia, a few also backed the claims of Pramod Tewari amidst rumours that the five-time CLP leader could be replaced this time and given some other equally important assignment this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13615482", "title": "Four arrested for murdering goon", "text": "NAGPUR: Kalamna police have arrested four persons for eliminating former goon Balli Agrawal at Chikli Layout late on Sunday night. Agrawal, who had a long criminal record, including murder, was killed by his daughter's paramour and some others. The assailants smashed Agrawal's head with a stone and damaged his bike to create the impression of accident.Police said Mukesh Sahu was being frequently harassed by Agrawal, who would threaten him to snap ties with his daughter. Sahu had been planning to settle the score once and all. On Sunday, Agrawal had threatened one of Sahu's friends , Nilesh Vaishno, to settle some of his monetary dues.Later, Nilesh was enjoying liquor with his younger brother Krishna and cousin Lala. Sahu and another friend Vilas too were with the Vaishno brothers. Around this time, Nilesh received a call from Agrawal on his cellphone, where the goon started threatening him again.Nilesh and his brothers went triple seat on a bike to meet Agrawal. Sahu and his friend followed the Vaishno brothers. They had an altercation after meeting Agrawal, who was pinned down on the ground before being stoned to death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11030016", "title": "An apartment just for surrogate moms", "text": "An apartment near Siddhivinayak, just for surrogate moms 15 women, all in various stages of pregnancy, are kept here by a Bandra clinicAt Prabhadevi, where distance is measured from where an address is with relation to Siddhivinayak, a small building just behind the temple has emerged as an unusual hotbed for wish-fulfilment. A stone's throw away from where thousands flock daily to ask Mumbai's presiding deity to bless them -- with good fortune, with the right match, with a child - - exists a two-room set that is home to 15 surrogate mothers.The issue of surrogacy, through In-Vitro Fertilization (IVF), which came to the forefront after Aamir Khan and his wife Kiran Rao used the method for the birth of their first child, may still be a grey area in the absence of a proper law. But this unusual 'colony' of women, each one with her own compelling reason, holds great potential joy for several unhappy couples. These women have been kept in these rented rooms by Bandra's Rotunda clinic , where IVF surrogacy requests have been pouring in over the last few months. There were initially only four or five women, but the numbers swelled to 20, before coming down to 15 as some of residents delivered babies, collected their Rs 3.5 lakh fees, and went back to their homes.Here, in these small apartments, the 15 women occupy mattresses on the floor as they spend the large part of their pregnancies together. The population is dense and oestrogen levels are high (sometimes leading to heated arguments), but they are well taken care of: proper meals, regular medication, and a resident maid who cleans after them.IVF surrogacy is when the egg cell of the mother is fertilised with the sperm of the father and the embryo formed is placed in a surrogate woman who nurtures the baby in her womb. The baby, despite residing within her for nine months, belongs genetically and biologically to the parents.It's hard work but the pay is good, and candidates have started coming forward much more easily than in the past. \"The numbers have gone up. We have done 200 deliveries in the last one year alone. It's a viable option since a majority of them are not even Class X-pass. In most cases, there is no regular source of income as their husbands are either not working or have left them,\" said Anita Soni, a gynaecologist at Hiranandani hospital who deals with Rotunda's patients.\"Some of these women have never seen more than fifty rupees in their entire lives. Now they're earning in lakhs and providing better education to their own children,\" she added.The needs of these women, usually scouted by 'agents' from Mankhurd and Govandi, are often urgent, even leading some of them to sign up under false pretences. Soni recalled a case last week where a woman who was 38 years old (considered too old for surrogacy) had said she was 32. Complications developed during the pregnancy, leading to a premature delivery. The baby had to be kept in the neonatal ICU but pulled through. \"The woman had lied to us because she desperately needed money. Her son-in-law had thrown out her 19-year-old daughter because they had been unable to pay dowry,\" Soni said.Another case is of a woman, living in the Prabhadevi flat, who has told her family that she's working as a nurse outside the city. Her own child is suffering from a congenital heart disease and they need Rs 2-3 lakh for surgery.\"We also had a woman who came for surrogacy for the third time, even though the rules stipulate that more than two such pregnancies are risky,\" Soni said. \"By the time we came to know, it was too late. The child was healthy, but the woman's uterus had to be removed because of complications during labour.\"When Soni reprimanded her for having not told them the truth, the woman shot back: \"What have you done. How will I earn money to feed my kids now?\"By and large, however, the Prabhadevi house is a happy place, even though it is a little crowded: 15 women, six children since some of them have kids of their own, and one maid.\"We don't have any problems,\" said the next-door neighbour, who asked not to be named. \"But they make a lot of noise when they fight with each other.\"An agent, who gets Rs 50,000 per surrogate mother, said she was herself a surrogate mother before she started scouting for others. \"I rented my womb twice. Now I cannot do it any more, because it's dangerous, and so I decided to become agent,\" she said.\"The demand has shot up in city. IVF centres are looking for agents. It's a good career option.\"Lata.Mishra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13623622", "title": "CLAT results: Rajasthan students made it to top 50 list", "text": "JAIPUR: Three students from Rajasthan made it to the top 50 list of the Common Law Admission Test (CLAT), the results of which were declared on Monday.Vishwajeet Bhati from Jodhpur secured the 24th position and is also the state topper. Jaipur's Sahaj Badaya and Tarun Singh Rathore secured 30th and 49th ranks respectively. Prakhar Gupta from Jaipur too secured number one rank at all India level in PWD (persons with disabilities) category. Two girls, Pooja Singh and Pallavi Aseri from Jodhpur too made it to the merit list. Both secured top ranks in state in reserved category. All of them have been selected for the top ranking National Law School Bangalore.The entrance test was conducted in 14 law schools and 24,000 students competed for 1,600 seats. This year the Natioanl Law University Jodhpur conducted the entrance examination. While talking to TOI Sahaj Badaya said, \"Now-a-days, law has become a lucrative career option and I am glad that I am selected for NLS Bangalore. My parents and mentors at LawPrep Tutorials have equal contribution behind my success\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13618593", "title": "Constructing a success story", "text": "MADURAI: M Rajaram from Dindigul was toiling away at a construction site at Ernakulam in Kerala, when the state Plus Two results were announced last week. That was when he learnt that he had secured the first rank in the state in the subject Indian Culture with 180/200 marks.M Rajaram, son of Murthy of Ellapatti in Settiyapatti panchayat in Dindigul district, studied at the Gandhigram Thambithottam Higher Secondary School and due to his family condition lived at the Adi Dravida hostel there. Speaking to this newspaper, he said that his father was afflicted by a psychological disorder and was not in a position to earn for his family. The boy's mother died in the year 2010, after which his grandmother Subbulakshmi did odd jobs to feed the family, which included Rajaram, his two brothers and father.\"I went to work in a construction site as soon as the exams were over, as I wanted to earn something for myself and my family. But I asked my employer to relieve me on the day the results were published,\" he said. With a total of 1042/1200, Rajaram is the third ranker at his school and says that he had always been confident of scoring high marks in the exam.His friends were disappointed they could not congratulate him on his good work as he was missing on the day of the results. When he was finally informed of the results being published, Rajaram went to an internet centre and got to know his marks, but did not know that he had topped in Indian culture.\"I studied very hard and prepared without wasting my time and now I am happy with the results,\" he says. The boy had not even availed of scholarships given by the government as he had not opened a bank account to deposit the cheques. Struggling to meet his family's needs by working, Rajaram dreams of becoming a chartered accountant some day.\"My aim is to do my B.Com and study to become a very good chartered accountant. I have to start applying to colleges soon and would be very grateful if somebody came forward to help me in my higher studies. I will repay it and will also support my brothers for their higher studies,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13613515", "title": "Delhi University cutoffs set to rise as 6,300 more cross 90%", "text": "NEW DELHI: The class XII results of CBSE, declared on Monday, showed a steep rise in the number of high scorers, which means that cutoffs for college admissions are set to go up even higher this year.Ironically, even though the overall pass percentage witnessed a marginal dip, the number of students who scored 90% crossed 28,000 this year - an almost 30% rise from last year's 21,665. The number of students scoring 95% and above too rose by nearly 900, touching the 3,000 mark. A total of 9,076 merit certificates were given this year, up from 7,954 in 2011.In a first, a student from the Northeast, Mohammad Ismat from Manipur, topped the all-India examination scoring 495 out of 500. Another boy, Kshitij Jain of DPS, R K Puram, emerged as the Delhi topper, scoring 98% in science.With the number of high scorers increasing in subjects like English, psychology, economics, business studies and physics, the cutoffs for college admissions in these subjects are expected to be stiffer.\"While we have reached saturation point at SRCC and hopefully will be able to manage admissions at nearly the same cutoffs as last year, other colleges are likely to see cutoffs rising. This is a good sign as we will be getting quality students. But ultimately we will have to create more colleges and infrastructure,\" said P C Jain, principal of Shri Ram College of Commerce.Delhi government schools outdo other regionsDelhi government schools recorded a slight increase in the pass percentage this year with 87.7% of students completing their schooling compared to 87.53% in 2011. In fact, the performance of government schools in the city was the best among all other regions, with Panchkula and Chennai regions following at 79.86% and 66.28% respectively.Girls again outshone boys, and Rajkiya Pratibha Vikas Vidyalayas (RPVV) demonstrated remarkable improvement with the highest pass percentage of 99.07% among all categories of government schools.\"Eleven of the 17 RPVVs recorded a 100% pass percentage this year, which is the best so far,\" said a senior official at the directorate of education. State education minister Arvinder Singh Lovely said the number of students who appeared from government schools this time increased by 9,061 students from last year. \"Seventy-eight government schools have reported 100% results compared to 70 schools last year. The RPVV schools stood out this time.\"Predictably, the overall pass percentage for girls is 90.06% compared to 81.14% for boys. Last year, too, girls edged out boys by a significant difference of more than 8%. After Delhi, Panchkula region managed a pass percentage of 79.86% and Chennai pulled off a 66.28% pass percentage.\"Ten years ago in 2002-03 the pass percentage was only 76.96%; it was around 87.15% in 2009, which has gone up to 87.72 % this year.I compliment the teachers who have worked hard to mentor students and improve the quality of education in government schools,\" added Singh.Vishakha Gupta, a student of RPVV who scored 96.6% in commerce, aspires to join civil services.\"I was very disappointed with my Class X results. My father taught me to set bigger goals. I am happy that I have proved myself now,\" she said.SPECIAL CANDIDATES1,889 Pass % 86.34 (a drop of 1.51% over last year) Topper in special category | Batul Kaizar Sadliwala, The Indian Community School, Safat, Kuwait, who scored 96.2% in commerce streamSTUDENTS REGISTERED8,15,749 (an increase of 5.94% from 2011)STUDENTS APPEARED8,02,068All-India topper |Mohammad Ismat of Zenith Academy, Lilong, Manipur. He scored 495 in science streamGIRLS VS BOYS PASS % IN 2012Girls86.21Boys75.80 Difference of 10.41% Girls pass % dropped by 0.72% while boys pass % dropped by 2.03%DELHI REPORT CARDPass percentagesBoys | 81.14%; Girls | 90.06% KVS | 95.53%; JNV | 95.96% Govt | 83.66%; Govt-aided | 79.87%Kshitij Jain of DPS, R K Puram, is the overall Delhi topper and he is from science stream and scored 98%Himanshi Khatri of St Michael School, Pusa Road is the Delhi topper in commerce stream scoring 97.8%Riya Sharma of Springdales, Pusa Road is the Delhi topper in humanities scoring 97.6%Prachi Gupta of Chaudhary Chhabil Dass Public School, Ghaziabad is the NCR topper and all India third in special category with 94.6% in science streamAlka of Sarvodaya Kanya Vidyalaya Nangloi, Delhi is topper and India fourth in special category with 94% in commerce stream", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13636967", "title": "Future law labs will necessarily need to innovate", "text": "MANGALORE: Law colleges in India in general and the 92 in Karnataka in particular wanting to replicate SDM Law College's law laboratory, the first such facility in India, will have to wait a little.Acknowledged by the National Law School of India University (NLSIU) as the first law college to have implemented such a concept, SDM by virtue of being the first to do so, holds copy right of the idea and any replication(s) will necessarily have to entail innovations.BK Ravindra, principal of SDM Law College told TOI that principals of other law colleges, who visited the lab and sought photocopies of the nearly 150-odd legal and other documents on display were politely turned down. \"We have spent more than two-years in collecting the documents and spent the last six months in giving it the shape in which it presently is in,\" he said, adding law colleges are certainly more than welcome to innovate on the idea.V Nagaraj, registrar, NLSIU, who was part of a Bar Council of India team that visited the law college on May 12 in a letter to Ravindra on May 24 has hailed the idea of the lab. Nagaraj in the letter says the lab will be useful in teaching para legals and citizens as part of legal literacy programmes. This concept of lab for law may further be improved from time to time. The lab has all practical aspects of legal profession documented and classified.Acknowledging the support he received from college management in setting up the law lab, Ravindra, who is also the dean of Karnataka State Law University (KSLU), says it is up to the KSLU to take the lead in convening a meeting of all law college principals and see how best the concept developed by his college can be universalized. \"It is not very easy to lay ones hands on some of the documents in the lab and this lends to its uniqueness,\" he says.Open on all days, including Sundays from 9am to 7pm, anyone interested in understanding finer points of law may visit the lab. Law professors Uday Kumar M, and Tharanath, who played an important role in setting up the lab will be on hand to guide the visitors and explain importance of the exhibits. Ravindra has written a letter to the management seeking bigger room and better display facilities for the records on hand and more that will be added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "13621094", "title": "Swarnjit Savi\u2019s poetry leaves a lasting impression", "text": "DUGRI: Punjabi poet Swarnjit Savi is going to release his set of nine books next month, three of which have already been printed and the rest of six are awaited. Savi said the set two books, ''Tarakheen Yudh'' and ''Kameshwari'' in English would be his new books and the rest seven would be re-edition of his previous books, which include ''Awaggya'' (1987), ''Dard Piadey Hon Da'' (1990), ''Dehinad'' (1994), ''Desire'' (1998), ''Kameshwari'' in Hindi (1998), ''Ashram'' (2005), ''Maa'' (2008).A resident of Dugri, Savi, said, ''It was my long desire to release such a set of books. I hope it leaves a lasting impression and I live up to the expectations of literature lovers.''A post-graduate in English literature, Savi started writing Punjabi poetry in 1978 when he was student of SCD Government College. ''My first book, ''Dayrian Di Qabr Chon'' was released in 1985. I have presented extremism, political system and miseries of common man of Punjab in 90s.''Savi's poetry revolves mostly around common man and culture. ''These days I am compiling another book of poetry, ''Te Main Aaya Bus'' which would complete by the end of this year.'' He adds, ''Apart from writing poetry, I have also translated the work of UktaMoy Kholdrova of Uzbekistan in Punjab, ''Sada Raunda Hai Dil Mahiya'' and have also translated Kashmiri, Tamil, Telegu, Bengali, Manipuri and Kannada poetry in Punjabi for Sahitya Academy, Delhi from 2009 to 2011.''Talking about one of his well acclaimed book, the 54-year-old said, ''My book, ''Kale Hashiya Te Sooha Gulab'' (1998) was edited by Gursharan Bhaaji and Master Trilochan.''And this poet is not all about words. Savi also has a keen interest in photography and painting and has even organized many exhibition in city for the same. Savi said, ''My exhibitions of painting include, ''Poster Poems'', ''Desire'', ''Leela'', ''The Speaking Tree'', ''The Dancing Lines'', ''Nee Dhartiye'' and ''Impressions'' were organized in Ludhiana, Chandigarh and New Delhi and were well appreciated by all art lovers.'' Many of his paintings and photographs are on display in various institutions around the globe. These days he is working on the painting of Guru Nanak Dev's life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13617238", "title": "Woman fights for maintenance for disabled daughter", "text": "CHENNAI: R Solaiamma (50), a single mother, goes to the family court every two months, fighting for maintenance and financial support for her only child. A helper at an Ennore school, she is forced to take her mentally challenged daughter Sujatha along so that she can supervise the girl while at work.\"My daughter is 30 years old but still looks like an adolescent. My husband, a Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) employee, left us when she was born a year after we got married. He was posted in Tuticorin but didn't come back after that. When I went to visit him, I found he was staying with another woman,\" Solaiamma recounted.Living in a thatched hut near the coast, she pays a rent of 500 from her monthly salary of 2,000. \"We were given a favourable order two years ago with the judge directing my husband to pay 3,000 as monthly maintenance. He did not comply. About 10 months ago, a warrant was executed against him, based on the orders of the court, after which he paid 50,000. I was given 20,000 while my lawyer claimed the rest. My husband has not paid me anything since then,\" she said.Solaiamma said she also sought that her husband deposit 1 lakh in her daughter's name as a measure of security for the girl. Her case is set to come up for hearing in the first additional family court on June 2.\"I would catch a bus to Tiruvallur to go and meet him every month but his colleagues informed me that he had retired six months ago. He had collected benefits of 9 lakh. In addition, he has agricultural land in Kumbakonam that yields him returns. He has married off his two daughters (Solaiamma's step-children) and has one son. He can afford to help look after Sujatha. After all, she is his daughter too.\"My daughter is 30 years old but still looks like an adolescent. My husband, a TNEB employee, left us when she was born a year after we got married.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13613846", "title": "Delhi budget: Rs 1,901 crore boost for education", "text": "NEW DELHI: From cash grant for stationeries to increase in EWS seats in schools, the 2012-13 budget has a lot to offer to students. With an allocation of Rs 1,901 crore - 12.67% of the plan outlay - the budget offers to build 100 school buildings and upgrade a technological institute for women into university. The last budget earmarked only 9.44% for the education sector.This budget has proposed an allocation of Rs 30 crore for all government and aided schools to give an annual grant of Rs 300 to the students of Classes I to V and Rs 400 to those of Classes VI to VIII to buy writing material and stationeries.The government has also proposed to reimburse tuition fees to EWS students with the family income of Rs 2 lakh as opposed to the earlier cap of Rs 1 lakh.A special scheme for meritorious students has also got a hike in the award amount from Rs 5,000 to Rs 10,000. For women students, the government has proposed to upgrade and restructure the Indira Gandhi Institute of Technology as Indira Gandhi Technical University for Women. The government is all set to increase the intake capacity of BSc course in Delhi Institute of Hotel Management from 60 to 120 seats.The budget also proposes to start smart classes in one section of classes from IX to XII in all Rajkiya Pratibha Vikas Vidyalayas.Construction of buildings for many government-funded colleges and the second campus of Guru Govind Singh Indraprastha University at Surajmal Vihar will also start during this fiscal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13620075", "title": "'Shift taverns from government land in 30 days'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday directed to shift all liquor vends and taverns running from pre-fabricated structures at roadside one government land within 30 days. While issuing directions, a division bench, comprising acting Chief Justice M M Kumar and Justice Alok Singh, also made it clear that if the authorities and concerned parties to failed to shift liquor vends and tavern within a period of 30 days , all such vends would be closed down by June 28.Bench has also asked the UT administration to inform the court about the compliance of these orders on or before July 2. Pronouncing the orders, bench observed, \"In the considered view of this court, for the pre-fabricated structure licence-holder should have in his possession open space in the sector or area of licence either as owner or lessee or licensee.\"Bench also held that it failed to find out any provision in the excise policy which provides that pre-fabricated structures for liquor vends and tavern should only be in a government land near the roundabouts and red lights rather it only specifies the sector number and area.Directions were passed by the HC in the wake of public interest litigation (PIL) filed by some city residents against the grant of liquor licence in \"pre-fabricated temporary structure\" in various parts of city.Petitioners had sought directions to the administration and MC authorities to discontinue with the grant of liquor licence in \"pre-fabricated temporary structure\" alleging that it is not only illegal, but have also become frequent source of traffic hazards, parking woes, drunken brawls, accidents, crimes and have also become a routine/regular source of public nuisance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13624291", "title": "Riddhi Jain juggles academics with basketball with elan", "text": "JAIPUR: Riddhi Jain has proved that the notion of sports and studies not going along together doesn't hold true. A state-level basketball player, Riddhi has secured 96.8% in her Class XII exams.A science student, Riddhi has represented the state at various national tournaments and also captained Rajasthan's under-17 team.\"I completely disagree with those who say one needs to sacrifice sports for studies,\" she said. Riddhi has been playing basketball since Class VI. She is also a National Talent Search Examination (NTSE) scholar and has qualified the IIT exam with an AIR-7675.Riddhi, however, is not keen on pursuing a career in sports. \"There is not much in sports for women in India. I don't play basketball to take it up as a profession, but as a hobby,\" she said.She has instead set sight on applying for her masters at a reputed international institution. \"I would like to pursue my engineering from a renowned institute in India, and then fulfill my ambition of studying abroad by applying for a PG degree at a renowned and established institution.\"\"I believe hard work and sincerity is the key to success. I used to dedicate 6-8 hours daily to my studies. Patience, dedication and commitment are the major virtues that one needs to imbibe,\" she said. Riddhi has secured 93 in English, 100 in maths, 96 in physics, 97 in chemistry and 98 in physical education.Riddhi comes from a modest background. Her father is a bank manager while mother is a school teacher. Her sister Neha is a software engineer working with an MNC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13617760", "title": "Wannabe lawyers vie for National Law School of India University", "text": "BANGALORE: There's only one dream destination for any aspiring legal eagle - National Law School of India University, Bangalore (NLSIU). And here's the proof: almost half the students who appeared for CLAT opted for NLSIU as the first option.But the dream will come true only for a few: NLSIU has 55 seats for the general quota. So the first 55 ranks, all of whom had opted for NLSIU, will get the coveted seats.This year, students had to give a list of their options from 14 law schools, when they applied for the test. The candidates are allotted to the institution on the basis of merit-cum-preference. NLSIU featured as the first preference of 13,000 candidates, among the 28,000 who appeared.Nalsar Law University, Hyderabad, is second on the list, but the number of students who opted for this institute as the first choice was only 3,000.In NLSIU, Bangalore, among the SC/ST category, the first to get a seat here was rank 132 and the last rank was 1,705. There were none from the physically disabled section claiming a seat.Since the issue on domicile quota in NLSIU continues to be sub judice, the institute will continue with the same admission policies it adopted last year.\"NLSIU has been able to maintain its standards over the years. We focus on innovation, interactive education and encourage students in out of the box thinking. Apart from the quality faculty, we have lecturers from all fields guiding the students. The exposure to extra-curricular activities is also huge,\" R Venkat Rao, vice-chancellor, NLSIU, explained their success formula on becoming unarguably, the country's best law institute.The second list with reshuffling will be issued on June 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13614171", "title": "Child labour: Sealing order", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi high court on Monday instructed the state government to immediately seal premises where child workers are found to be employed and ensure the errant owners cough up Rs 20,000 as fine per child.A division bench comprising acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw directed the government to file a status report by July 30 detailing progress made in rescue operation of child workers and their rehabilitation plans. HC allowed the plea of advocate H S Phulka representing the NGO Bachpan Bachao Andolan that premises having minors be sealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13614374", "title": "Power interruptions to hit water supply in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Residents of Banjara Hills, Jubilee Hills, Somajiguda, SR Nagar, Erragadda, Sanatnagar, KPHB Colony, Shaikpet, Mehdipatnam, Jagadgirigutta and Chintal will get less water on Tuesday due to power interruptions at Transco sub-stations in Eddumailaram and Sangareddy.\"Due to power interruptions, pumping of water to Manjeera Phase-I, II, III and IV will get affected. As a result, there will be shortage of seven to eight million gallons a day (MGD) to Khanapur, Lingampally, Hydernagar and Alwal reservoirs,\" according to an official release issued by the water board on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "13619849", "title": "No answer when he called for his mother", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Unaware of her mother's demise, one-and-half-year-old Chakuli Manjare was being carried around the premises of Panacea Hospital, Panvel, by nurses and other staffers. She was one of four children admitted there. Her father, Dhammadeep Manjare, resident of Yerawada, had left for Pune to attend his wife Poornima's last rites, keeping Chakuli in the custody of relatives. Poornima was the only close relative of Ghatkopar bride Manisha Gaikwad to perish in the tragedy.Chakuli had the company of Rekha Gaikwad, whose daughter Ashwini was hurt in the leg, son Aakash was hurt in the neck and youngest daughter Aarti was unhurt. Rekha herself suffered minor injuries while rescuing the children at the site of the Expressway accident.The survivors at both Panacea and Ashtavinayak hospitals in Panvel wore stoic expressions after the worst-ever accident on the Mumbai-Pune Expressway. The children were not even aware of the tragedy at the hospital. All that the children could recall was that a speeding van rammed into their stationary minibus on the highway while they were enjoying a snack post midnight. IG (Konkan) Parambir Singh and SP (Raigad) R D Shinde visited the patients at Ashtavinayak and Panacea hospitals.Praneet Kharat, 14, from Chinchwad, Pune, who lay with a plastered leg at Ashtavinayak Hospital shut his eyes when his uncle Vijay Bahule informed him that his parents, Pravin and Aruna Kharat, and 11-year-old sister had died. Vijay Bahule, 40, said, \"We left from Mumbai at 9.30 pm, We had reached Pune when we learnt of the accident. Praneet is our responsibility now.\" Bahule was travelling in his car with his family and was in touch with his relatives on phone.Praneet was in the second minibus, which bore the brunt of the collision. \"My mother and sister were sitting in the bus while I got down and was waiting at the side of the road with my father,\" he said. After the tempo ploughed into the bus, Praneet who fell and fractured his leg, called out to his mother in the bus. \"There was no answer,\" he said.Three mechanics who were repairing the minibus that had a flat - Amol More, 29, Fayyaz Shaikh, 22, and Amir Shaikh, 19 - sustained severe injuries on their feet. All that remains of More134s feet are the two big toes. More helped pull out the victims from between the buses before himself collapsing. \"It's a miracle we survived. My wound continues to bleed,\" said More who was underneath the bus when the collision took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13591428", "title": "Ranbir, Deepika\u2019s Rajasthan romance!", "text": "The ex-lovers are spending a lot of quality time together on the sets and after work while shooting for Ayaan Mukherji's Yeh Jawaani Hai Diwani in Udaipur.Earlier, we'd only brought you pictures of Ranbir Kapoor and Deepika Padukone shooting together for Ayaan Mukherji's Yeh Jawaani Hai Diwani at Manali's Hadimba temple. However, that's not all. If sources are to be believed, shooting for the film has helped the ex-lovers re-kindle their romance. And it looks like love is back in the air for this former off-screen jodi.A member of the film's crew revealed that the two, who are currently shooting at Udaipur in Rajasthan, are spending a lot of quality time together. \"Both stars are shooting romantic scenes at historical places and both are very much close to each other on the sets and after shooting hours. Ranbir prefers to spend most of his evenings with Deepika,\" the source told Mirror.What's more, both actors are staying at Udaipur's heritage hotel Udai Vilas, informed the source. \"It was a month-long schedule which has been extended for a week because Deepika and Ranbir had to go to Delhi to attend the party thrown by Virender Sehwag to celebrate the team win at IPL,\" said the source.So, the shooting that commenced on May 2 in the Aravalli mountains and was scheduled to finish on May 22, will now go on till the end of this month.We've also learnt that Ranbir and Deepika boarded a flight together from Udaipur on May 25 to attend Karan Johar's birthday bash and also left Mumbai together on May 26 to resume shooting in Udaipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13634494", "title": "Steve Jobs' handwritten Atari memo to be auctioned", "text": "WASHINGTON: A handwritten note by late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs that described changes Atari could make to an arcade game, is up for auction, according to a report.US-based Sotheby's is auctioning the memo penned in 1974 by then-19-year-old Jobs that describes changes Atari could make to its World Cup Soccer arcade game to add fun and functionality.According to CNET, the memo is expected to fetch 10,000 to 15,000 dollars.Jobs worked briefly at Atari, helping the game maker improve design, before he co-founded Apple.According to the report, Sotheby's is also auctioning a working Apple I motherboard, complete with cassette interface, operating manuals, and a BASIC Users Manual.Fewer than 50 Apple I computers are thought to have survived, with only six known to be in working condition, Sotheby's said.The lot is expected to fetch 120,000 to 150,000 dollars.The auction is scheduled for June 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13616938", "title": "Antony asks Service chiefs to grant permanent commission to women in more branches", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stung by the sharp criticism of the parliamentary committee on empowerment of women, defence minister A K Antony on Monday directed the Army, Navy and IAF chiefs to explore more avenues for granting permanent commission (PC) to women officers in the armed forces.At present, PC for women officers is largely restricted to the legal, education and naval constructor wings. Women, in fact, constitute just 2.84% of the officers in Navy, 3.01% in Army and 8.55% in IAF, excluding the medical streams, despite being allowed into the armed forces since the early-1990s.Antony's directive to General V K Singh, Air Chief Marshal N A K Browne and Admiral Nirmal Verma came in the backdrop of the parliamentary committee earlier this month slamming the government for its \"discriminatory\" and \"negative\" policies on granting PC to women military officers as well as inducting them in greater numbers in the armed forces.\"We fail to understand the negativism when it comes to employing more women in our country's armed forces,\" the committee had said in its report tabled in Parliament. Women officers can serve only for a maximum of 14 years in arms like engineering, ordnance, intelligence, signals, air traffic control and the like. The legal and education wings, incidentally, do not involve command of men or battalions.Women are also not allowed to serve in combat arms like infantry, artillery or armoured corps, nor serve on board operational warships or fly fighter jets. The defence establishment has long contended that granting PC to women officers across the board is not feasible due to \"operational, practical and cultural problems\".The parliamentary committee had accused the defence ministry of turning a blind eye to its earlier recommendations on inducting more women and granting them PC. \"The committee takes strong objection to the way its recommendation is brushed aside without attaching importance that it needs to be given... The tone and tenor of the government's reply clearly communicates the nonchalant attitude towards the committee's concerns,\" it said.On its recommendation for opening more branches like military police and postal service for granting PC to women, the committee said, \"It's extremely disturbing to note the defence ministry has not even bothered to try exploring a single other option for women officers and instead relied heavily on the existing discriminative policies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13619389", "title": "Complainant seeks reinvestigation", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the multi-crore amusement-cum-theme park project scam, complainant Vivek Aditya filed a petition in the CBI special court on Monday appealing for reinvestigation in this case.CBI had submitted the closure report in the court on April 16. Besides the court has also directed the CBI sleuths to submit the complete chief vigilance commission's (CVC) report in the court on June 4. Also, the complainant has appealed the court to add more sections against the accused in this case. CVC was the first investigation agency, which looked into the financial irregularities in this project but this case was later shifted to CBI. CVC, which had got the complaint from Aditya, an RTI activist, in 2009, had made its own report and highlighted various findings in it.They had submitted that report with CBI.In its closure report, CBI had given relief to three former officers of Chandigarh administration; former adviser Lalit Sharma, former home secretary Krishna Mohan and former director (tourism) Vivek Atray.They were booked for corruption, abuse of power and criminal conspiracy, for their involvement in the multi-crore amusement-cum-theme park scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13633960", "title": "Women working night shifts at breast cancer risk", "text": "Women who regularly work into the early hours can be nearly four times as likely to develop breast cancer, scientist have warned.The risk is highest among women who are naturally early risers. But even night owls are in danger.The threat rose with the more night shifts they did, the study found.And overall there was a 40 per cent bigger risk compared to women who worked days.\"The results indicate frequent night shift work increases the risk for breast cancer and suggest a higher risk with longer duration of night shift,\" the Mirror quoted Dr Johnni Hansen, of the Danish Cancer Society that did the study, as saying.\"Those with morning preference tended to have a higher risk than those with evening preference,\" Dr Hansen stated.Women who worked nights three or more times a week for over six years were more than twice as likely to have the disease as those who had not.The risk almost quadrupled if they were early bird types - possibly because they are more susceptible to body clock disruption, said the study.Night owls were twice as likely to have breast cancer, according to the findings published online in Occupational and Environmental Medicine.The results were based on 692 responses, of which 141 were from women with the disease.The study also indicated working up to two night shifts a week had no impact as it may not be long enough to disrupt the body clock.Disturbing normal sleep patterns is thought to curb the cancer-protecting hormone melatonin, which is produced by the brain in the dark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "veena malik is mad about kannada heroes these days. the actress is shooting in bangalore for the remake of the dirty picture", "code": "13639978", "title": "Veena Malik loves Kannada heroes", "text": "Veena Malik is mad about Kannada heroes these days. The actress is shooting in Bangalore for the remake of The Dirty Picture: Silk Sakkath Maga.Shooting in Bangalore, the actor says two things that attract her most are Bangalore and Kannada actors.According to her, Kannada actors are tall, dark and handsome and that's the reason she would love to do more Kannada films. Veena makes her acting debut in Kannada films with The Dirty Picture: Silk Sakkath Maga since the script inspired her a lot.She will play Vidya Balan's role from the Bollywood movie The Dirty Picture in the remake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13618085", "title": "Teen stabbed to death in Amraiwadi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 17-year-old boy was stabbed to death near New Cotton Mill in Amraiwadi on Sunday night after an altercation over money. Police have arrested three youths after the murder.Amraiwadi police said that Nikhil Tiwari, a resident of Society ni Chali, was approached by accused Nayan Thansingh, Ankur Sharma and Gaurav Gujjar, all residents of the same area, at 9 pm on Sunday. The group was not on good terms with Tiwari but they told him that they wanted a truce and took him to a temple and allegedly stabbed him in the throat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13616658", "title": "Probe begins in theft bid at house of minister\u2019s son", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Investigation in the case of break-in at bungalow of state revenue minister Anandiben Patel's son has been handed over to local crime branch (LCB) of Ahmedabad rural police.Investigators have started probe with assumption that a tribal gang might be involved in the case.On Sunday, a break-in was reported at the minister's son Sanjay Patel's house near Shilaj. Reportedly, a gang had entered the premises after breaking window of one of the bedrooms. The thieves had ransacked the house and reportedly stolen only a music system. The bungalow had CCTV surveillance but it was not functioning. Police, however, recovered heavy stones and several fingerprints from the spot.\"The music system also has been recovered from the premises itself. Thus, we can say that nothing is amiss. We believe that it was handiwork of four to five persons. Investigation has been initiated from the fact that some gang is active in the area and had targeted two bungalows in Kalhar Bungalow and Laal Bungalow near the spot where the theft attempt has been made. Several teams are working to track down the suspects,\" said a senior official of Bopal police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "13623397", "title": "AMU to shift base to its own campus", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The south India campus of Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) will start functioning at Chelamala here from June 1.Currently classes for LLB and MBA courses are being conducted at temporary premises in Perinthalmanna.P Muhammed, director of the centre, said the initial phase of the proposed campus is nearing completion.\"Two academic blocks and two administrative blocks will be opened soon. In addition, five hostel buildings for girls and boys each will also be opened,\" he said.The director said the issues related to water and power supply has been sorted out. The classes from the new building will start from August 1, after the two-month summer vacation starting June 1.Recently the collegiate education director had sanctioned Rs 3 crore for the development works of AMU.The fund is being utilized to construct a road from Cherukara to the campus.The AMU campus spread over 300 acres of land will include departments of law and management studies, an engineering college, a medical college, a dental college, a women's college, and polytechnic, including one exclusively for women .The total cost of the project is estimated to be Rs 3,000 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13619602", "title": "Fee regulation will not come into force this year", "text": "MUMBAI: School education minister Rajendra Darda's ambitious plan to halt the commercialization of education and curb largescale profiteering by leading educational institutions is unlikely to take off in the ensuing academic year as the Centre is to yet to approve the Maharashtra Educational Institutions (regulation of fee), Bill, 2011.After the landmark bill was passed by both Houses of the state legislature in August 2011, it was quickly submitted to the President of India for assent. According to the norms, a legislation received by Rashtrapati Bhavan is submitted to the ministry of home affairs for scrutiny, while the MHA obtains comments of all departments concerned before resubmitting it to the President for approval. \"Our information is that of the six departments, four have cleared the proposal and now it is being examined by the law and judiciary department. It will then be scrutinized by the MHA's legal cell. Under such circumstances, we do not think the new law will come into force from the ensuing academic session,'' a senior official told TOI on Monday.After the bill was submitted to the MHA, it was forwarded to the departments of health and family welfare, human resources (higher education, school education and literacy), law and judiciary and judicial cell of the MHA for comments. One of the objections raised by the HRD was whether the new law will have an adverse impact on the right of children to Free and Compulsory Education Act, 2009. Now the bill has been sent back to the law and judiciary department for approval. \"Prima facie, it appears that the Centre is not serious on our law to regulate fees in educational institutions. We are keen on implementing the law from the ensuing academic session, but now we have missed the bus,'' the official said.The school education department had proposed to set up a high-level divisional fee regulatory committee headed by a retired judge nominated by the state government in consultation with the high court and review committee headed by a retired HC judge. Violation of the law will entail a minimum fine of Rs 1 lakh for the first offence and Rs 2 lakh for second offence. The highlight of the law is that it provides guidelines for fee determination. \"Fee will be determined on location of the school, infrastructure, expenses on administration and maintenance, qualification of teachers, etc,'' he said.Asked if the law will come into force if the President grants assent now, the official said that appears to be difficult as it has been stated that the legislation should be notified two months before the academic session begins. \"Most schools will start from June 15. As such, the new law should have been notified before April 15. We don't think it will be implemented in the current year.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13617156", "title": "Stem cell therapy helps paralysed man walk", "text": "CHENNAI: For nearly three years, Sundar (26) was waiting to be told that he could to regain control of his bladder and move around. Sundar, who fell off a tree, injured his spine and was paralyzed below the navel. In 2011, when doctors at Laksha Hospital in Chennai told him there was hope in the stem cell therapy trials, he signed the consent form.Mumbai-based Dr B S Rajput, consultant orthopaedic and stem cell transplant surgeon at Breach Candy Hospital, told him he would inject stem cells drawn from his own body into him to repair the shredded network of nerves crisscrossing the spinal cord. At a press conference on Monday, Sundar, a farmer, walked with support, and smiled at flashing media cameras. \"I tried everything before agreeing for stem cell therapy. I was told there is no hope of walking again and I was bed ridden. I chose stem cell therapy as I had no other option. Now, I have complete bladder and bowel control,\" he said, shaking hands with Dr Rajput.In 2008, Sundar suffered a serious spine injury after a fall from a tree. After initial treatment, doctors told him he had suffered post-traumatic paraplegia and that he would have to remain on bed. Sundar then met Laksha Hospital managing director Dr Senthil Kumar who told him about Dr Rajput and his experience in stem cell therapy. After the informed consent form was signed, Sundar was brought for trial on April 26, 2011.Dr Senthil Kumar and Dr Rajput hope Sundar's condition would further improve over time. They did a similar transplant on a 4-year-old boy with cerebral palsy. \"It's a trial, but these tiny cells are helping us build big hopes,\" said Dr Senthil Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13618217", "title": "Noida girl tops in UP and Uttarakhand", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Aditi Jain of Bal Bharti Public School, Noida, has topped CBSE class 12 exam in Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand with 98% marks.Vivek Kumar of MPVM Ganga Guru Kulam, Phaphamau, is second in both the states along with Aksha Srivastava and Supriya Sharma of Lucknow with 97.6% marks.Aditi scored a total of 490 marks out of 500. She has got 100 marks chemistry, 99 in physics, 98 in biology and mathematics and 95 in English. Aksha, Supirya and Vivek each scored 488 marks (97.6%). Vivek scored 99 marks in maths, chemistry and computer science while 96 marks in physics and 95 in English. The third position has been shared jointly by Nikhil Bafna of Bal Bharti Public School Ghaziabad and Amit Kumar of Laxmi Public School Mughalsarai Chandauli. Both of them scored a grand total of 487 marks (97.4%). Four students have shared the fourth position in the two states with 97.2% marks.In Allahabad, Vivek Kumar of MPVM Ganga Guru Kulam has topped the district by scoring 97.6% marks while the second position has been shared by Brijendra Tripathi of Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya Meja Khas and Somesh Pandey of Ganga Guru Kulam with 96.2% marks. Vivek Kumar Gupta of Kendriya Vidyalaya Manauri has secured third position in the district. Vivek scored 99 marks in mathematics, 98 in chemistry, 95 in physics and English and 92 in Hindi.Shubham Gupta of Tagore Public School has secured fourth position in the district by scoring 95.2% marks. Ravi Gupta of Central Academy Jhunsi has got fifth position by scoring 94.4% marks. Utkarsh Srivastava, also from Ganga Guru Kulam is at sixth position.In Uttarakhand, Ashu Pant of KV Number 1, Banbasa Cantt, Champawat and Aman Ranka of Welham Boys School Dehradun have stopped the state by scoring 96.8% marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13617616", "title": "32-year-old held for attacking policeman", "text": "CHENNAI: A 32-year-old man was arrested on Monday for attacking a policeman of the Periamet station while a special team was trying to secure him in connection with a case of kidnap.Police said I Zakir Hussain of Periamet had lodged a complaint saying he was kidnapped by a five-member gang after he failed to return money borrowed from a money lender and that he escaped from them on Monday.Based on the complaint, police arrested S Sikkandar, 52, S Mohammad Nazaar, 24, S Mohammad Sherif, 27, and K Mohammad Yosuf, 29, on charges of kidnap and were trying to secure Sadiq Basha, another accused, when he reportedly attacked one of them with a knife.Basha was booked under various sections of the Arms Act of Indian Penal Code.Police said I Zakir Hussain had lodged a complaint saying he was kidnapped by a five-member gang after he failed to return money. When the police went to arrest them, one of them attacked the cops with a knife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13613779", "title": "Delhi budget: Opposition raises heat on water, petrol woes", "text": "NEW DELHI: The first day of the Delhi Assembly's budget session witnessed a stormy start as the House was adjourned twice on Monday. The Opposition BJP first raised the issue of acute water shortage in the city. While its MLAs created a ruckus in the Assembly by shouting slogans against the government, BJP workers protested outside Delhi Jal Board's office. The Congress government's decision to slap 5% VAT on CNG just added fuel to fire.Within minutes of Assembly speaker Yoganand Shastri taking his seat, the BJP members moved an application seeking adjournment of the question hour session until a discussion is held on water woes. While Shastri rejected the application, he was forced to adjourn the budget session twice - first for 20 minutes and then for an hour - as the Opposition MLAs continued to disrupt the proceedings.Besides slamming the Sheila Dikshit-led government for water and power woes, the MLAs also attacked the government for CWG scams and irregularities. \"What is the government doing for the benefit of common man? It has only increased taxes, petrol and CNG prices. But little has been done to improve the basic facilities like water and electricity,\" said V K Malhotra, leader of the Opposition in the Assembly.The budget has just given BJP, which has been in the opposition for nearly 14 years, sufficient ammunition to attack the government before the Assembly elections. After capitalizing on the issues of corruption and inflation in the recent municipal elections, BJP is all set to intensify its protest to make the most of the opportunity.The BJP has planned a four-day protest, including a bandh on May 31, to protest against the increase in petrol prices. Delhi BJP president Vijender Gupta, along with senior party leaders Vijay Goel and Dr Harshwardhan, staged a protest outside the DJB office. \"This government is exposed. It has failed in managing the state affairs and providing basic facilities to the people. The increase in CNG prices will only burden the common man as cost of commodities will shoot up. If the government was really concerned about the common man, it would have reduced the VAT on petrol,\" said Gupta.Many Delhiites also say the government has not given them any relief by bringing down the price of petrol by just Rs 1.26. Delhiites say that they feel cheated by the government. \"The decrease will not make much of a difference to me. It's like the government is trying to fool us. They are introducing a huge hike and then trying to pacify protests by giving a tiny reduction. They win either way,\" says parking attendant Manoj Singh who commutes to work by bike every day.People are dreading to take an auto in the city as with the VAT on CNG, drivers have now got a reason to charge more and not go by meter. \"Earlier, I had to pay Rs 50 from my home to office. Now, it's Rs 84 by meter. What will it rise to now? For some I don't think it'll make much of a difference. Now, the autowalas will never go by meter,\" Madhula Bandopadhyay, who works with a publishing house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13634823", "title": "\"Devudu Chesina Manushulu\" Release in July", "text": "Mass Maharaja Ravi Teja starrer Devudu Chesina Manushulu in the direction of Puri Jagannadh is currently in the final schedule of shoot, where a couple of songs are being canned in Italy on Ravi Teja and Ileana.The film has been wrapped up at a faster pace in just 3 months of time and producer BVSN Prasad, who is making the film on Sri Venkateswara Cine Chitra Pvt Ltd banner in association with Relianace Entertainment informed that they are in plans to release Devudu Chesina Manushulu in last week of June while Raghu Kunche composed audio will be unveiled in June first week.DCM marks the third time pairing of Ravi Teja and Ileana after Khatharnak and Kick while it's the fifth film in the combo of Ravi Teja and Puri Jagannadh.Source: way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13614586", "title": "4 buses damaged, driver loses life in violence", "text": "HYDERABAD: A bus driver died and four RTC buses were damaged in incidents of violence in the city since Sunday night following the arrest of Kadapa MP YS Jaganmohan Reddy. Police arrested 660 YSR Congress activists for violation of prohibitory orders while a party activist who attempted to slit his wrists near the Nampally court complex was taken into custody.The co-driver of a private bus, Gopal, 35, died when miscreants, suspected to be YSR Congress supporters, hurled stones at the windshield, at Ibrahimpatnam on Sunday night.Cyberabad joint commissioner of police Atul Singh said that miscreants hurled a brick at the windshield of the private bus at around 11pm. The windshield was shattered in the impact and shards of glass hit bus driver Srinivasulu's eyes. The driver lost control of the vehicle and Gopal, who was sitting behind Srinivasulu, tried to avert an accident by applying brakes using his hands.However, before he could apply the brakes, the bus veered off the road, hit a tree, which got uprooted, then an electric pole and crashed into a boulder. In the accident, Gopal got crushed between the engine and the gear box and died on the spot.\"There were 43 passengers in the bus when the incident occurred, but luckily, none of them suffered any injuries. We have launched a man-hunt to nab the offenders,\" police said.Another private bus heading to Nellore was also attacked and its windshield was damaged, but the bus driver managed to bring the vehicle to a halt.A case has been booked under sections 304 II (culpable homicide not amounting to murder when an act is done with knowledge that it is likely to cause death) and 440 (mischief committed after preparation made for causing death) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).Miscreants also damaged windowpanes of four RTC buses at Ibrahimpatnam, Kandukur and Pahadesharif.Miscreants also set a truck ablaze at Shamshabad on Sunday night.Late on Sunday night, Banjara Hills police picked up seven YSR Congress activists near Lotus Pond for violating prohibitory orders. And, on Monday evening, Saifabad police nabbed five persons near Red Hills.Nampally police arrested one David from Kadapa for trying to slit his wrist with a blade near the Nampally court complex after Jagan was remanded in judicial custody. However, David did not suffer any injuries as police quickly pinned him down to foil his attempt.\"We are yet to get his personal details. An attempt to commit suicide case will be booked against him under section 309 of the IPC,\" Nampally inspector Ch Sridhar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13618144", "title": "CM takes on Centre over IPS officers posting in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has taken on the Union home ministry directly stating that IPS officers will not be given any posting in the state after the Centre relieved DIG Ravindra Yadav last week without consulting the state government.The state government had wanted to continue the services of Yadav in Goa, whom they consider efficient. Yadav has been under transfer orders to Delhi for over a year and even the erstwhile Digambar Kamat Congress government did not relieve him due to his outstanding work. Parrikar too was impressed with his work and wanted him to continue in Goa since the government was relying on him for most important work, even overlooking the IGP and DGP's inputs.An angry Parrikar has instructed Goa chief secretary Sanjay Srivastava not to give postings to any IPS officer whom the Centre posts to Goa and also advised him to prepare grounds to form a separate IPS cadre for Goa. Currently, IPS officers are posted from a pool of AGMU cadre shared by Assam, Goa, Meghalaya and Union Territories, which includes Delhi and Pudduchery.\"I have issued a direction to the chief secretary to move the file for separate cadre for the state of Goa and call immediately for a joint control cadre meeting.\" Parrikar said, adding, \"I have asked the chief secretary to neglect all correspondence on postings of IPS officers in Goa.\"Parrikar demanded an apology from the Centre for relieving Yadav unilaterally and said he will not give postings to any IPS officer till the central government apologized to the state government for directly relieving the DIG.\"Till such time (apology) we will refuse to acknowledge any correspondence,\" Parrikar said.After the Union home ministry's unilateral decision to relieve Yadav, Parrikar has opined that Goa needs a separate cadre and IPS officers should be allocated exclusively to the state. Presently, they are shuffled once every three years out of the state, and most officers do not take the posting seriously. In many cases, incompetent officers are posted and even the state police force does not take them seriously.Goa has a sanction of eight IPS officers, which includes one director general of police (DGP), one inspector general of police (IGP), two (DIGs) and six superintendents of police (SPs).The Union government had originally issued DIG Yadav's transfer order in 2011, but then chief minister Digambar Kamat refused to relieve Yadav as there was no other officer to replace him. The Union government again issued a strong reminder but after the state government's reluctance to relieve the DIG, the Union government took a unilateral decision and relieved the DIG. \"I have not signed Yadav's relieving letter,\" Parrikar told media persons on Monday.Speaking on the sidelines of a private function in Panaji , Parrikar said the Union government cannot take the state government for granted as the state government is also the cadre control authority. \"Union government cannot become the boss,\" he said.Parrikar also said, \"IGP Sanjay Singh has failed to carry out field duty and such officers have been posted to Goa. Before Goa, Singh was posted in Parliament to look after security. We want officers who can look after investigations in the state.\" The CM is very unhappy with Singh's performance.The Centre transferred two IPS officers to Goa last week. The state government posted Brahm Singh, IPS, as principal, police training school, an insignificant posting. Another officer, OP Mishra, IPS, who has been transferred to Goa is awaiting posting.Times ViewThe central government should not intervene in postings of IPS officers in any state government. When the Goa government wanted to retain the services of Ravindra Yadav as DIG, the Centre had no business to relieve him directly. In this case, the Centre has exceeded its brief. The state government is right in being upset over the 'uncalled for' move. Even if Yadav had been transferred out of the state over a year ago, it is clear that the chief minister is not happy with the work of other senior officers including the IGP, whom the CM feels does not do any serious work. The state government is right in seeking a separate IPS cadre for Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13636989", "title": "'Divorce Hotel' to help couples separate during 2-day stay", "text": "A Dutch entrepreneur has offered couples the chance of a weekend getaway in a hotel wherein he will help them finalise their divorce.Jim Halfen's 'Divorce Hotel' helps pairs intent on splitting up to get quick divorces by staying for two days in their accommodation and coming out as two all-but-separated people.The Netherlands-based firm aims to talk couples through alimony, splitting assets, visitation rights for children and any other outstanding marital issues to help finalise a divorce.Their two-day process of drawing together documentation by having the two parties, lawyers, and mediators all in the same hotel for a weekend aims to fasten the process, which can normally take weeks or months.The concept was created by Halfens, whose website says the company offers 'an affordable 5-star divorce made-to-measure'.Halfens uses high-end hotels around the country, putting up the couple in separate rooms (if they wish) and providing mediators and legal advice for a set fee.Once the divorcing couple leave the hotel at the end of their stay, the only thing left to do is show the agreement to a judge, as required in Dutch law, which can take a couple of weeks.The company assesses couples when they apply for the service, to make sure they are suitable for the process and not caught up in a bitter dispute.It then ensures both parties' wellbeing during the stay.Halfens revealed that the inspiration behind setting up of the company came from witnessing a college friend go through a painful separation.\"He was losing weight, he was unable to have fun in life anymore and they were fighting every time you saw them - it was horrible,\" the Daily Mail quoted him as telling the New York Times .\"The divorce negotiations dragged on for five months. I was convinced there has to be another way,\" he said.\"We treat them as any other guests, we just try to keep a closer eye on them or make sure they are not wandering around by themselves,\" Ninke Bons, sales manager, told Sky News .\"Just as an example - we would normally enquire if a guest enjoyed their stay at the hotel. Well, obviously that's not very appropriate in the case of the Divorce Hotel.\"The idea has become so popular that several television companies in America are looking at making it into a documentary series.Halfens is also looking to expand into other countries, suggesting that the USA and Germany could be next on the list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13620966", "title": "Ind'l body to hold elections today", "text": "NASHIK: The fate of all the 47 candidates, contesting for 24-member Executive Committee of Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA), will be sealed in ballot boxes on Tuesday as around 1,381 voters will exercise their franchise.The biennial elections for 24-member Executive Committee of Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA), including President, are to be held on Tuesday. Voting will begin from 9 am to 5 pm.The straight contest for the post of the president is to be held between the sitting vice-president Tushar Chavan and sitting general secretary Suresh Mali.The term of the sitting executive committee ends on May 31. Accordingly, the elections for the 24-member executive committee, which includes the posts of president, vice-president, honorary general secretary, two honorary joint secretaries, a honorary treasurer and 18 members. Around 47 candidates are in the fray for the elections to AIMA.Accordingly, Suresh Mali and Tushar Chavan are in a straight fight for the post of president.KailasVarade and Vivek Patil in the fray for the vice-president's post, while KailashAher and Raju Ahire will vie for the post of general secretary.Balasaheb Gunjal, Dilip Pingle, Nikhil Panchal and Varun Talwar are in the fray for two posts of secretary, while Sanjay Mahajan and Unmesh Kulkarni are in the running for the post of treasurer. Around35 candidates are in the fray for 18 posts of the members of the executive committee.When contacted Suresh Mali, said, \"There is no land for new industry wanting to set up their base in Nashik. Therefore, my priority will be to follow up on the issue for new additional industrial areas with the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) and the state government. Efforts will be taken to bring new large industries in Nashik. Constant follow up will also be taken with the Nashik municipal corporation (NMC) to provide basic facilities like roads, streetlights etc in the Ambad MIDC. Presently, there is shortage of the skilled manpower in the industrial areas of Nashik. Hence, efforts will also be taken to make the skilled manpower available. Besides, I will also take efforts to set up a permanent exhibition centre in Nashik.\"Tushar Chavan, another candidate for the post of president, said, \"My focus will be to work as per rules and regulations so the interests of the association are not affected. it would not affect the interest of the Association.My priority will be to invite large industries in Nashik with the support of political leaders. Efforts will be taken to make available skilled manpower for industry in tune with the Industrial Training Institute (ITI). Public sector undertakings like BHEL and ONGC have their vendor base in North Maharashtra. Efforts will be taken to organise business conferences with these two companies so that the local small and medium enterprises (SMEs) will get work order from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13617522", "title": "Parents say no to multiple entrance tests", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students of Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board will have to appear for multiple exams of National Eligibility cum Entrance Test ( NEET), the common medical entrance test mooted by the union government for admission in all medical colleges all over India, as well as Gujarat Common Entrance Test ( GUJCET) for eligibility for admission in dental and paramedical colleges.The student's agony was reflected in the parents who have opposed the decision of union government to conduct a common entrance examination for admission in medical institutes all over the country. The parents who met on Sunday. Decision to constitute core committee has been taken during the meeting. The committee would make a representation before the state government and urge that there should be no two entrance exams. The government should reject the proposal outright for the sake of students.The parents who attended the meet were also concerned about the fact that no syllabus has been outlined. Also the medium of instruction for examination is not clear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13614585", "title": "Eight-year-old girl from Nagpur killed in Syria blast", "text": "NAGPUR: The Syrian army's bombardment on Hama city on Sunday evening claimed the life of an eight-year-old girl from the city, besides 41 others. Insiya Kothawala, a student of Centre Point School, had just passed second standard.Insiya was on a religious tour in Syria with father Jakir Kothawala, resident of Shoukat Ali Square on Central Avenue, mother Arva and sister Ruqya (17). Jakir, who owns a painting business, sustained minor injuries in the blast while Arva, a private schoolteacher, and Ruqya, a standard XII student, escaped with bruises.The religious tour had 42 people from India, with the Kothawala family being the only one from Nagpur. The family had left the city on May 22 and departed from Mumbai on May 24. On Sunday, the pilgrims offered prayers at Dashmaikash Dargah in Syria and left for Karbala Dargah in Iraq .The Syrian army has been bombarding Hama city since some time, with tanks and infantry fighting vehicles firing on several neighbourhoods. During the bombings, 41 people have been killed as yet, including 7 children.The bus carrying the Kothawala family was passing through the Hama city when a roadside bomb blast overturned the bus. Many pilgrims were seriously injured. Insiya and one more pilgrim died in hospital at Baghdad , where they were rushed for treatment.Since Sunday evening, the Kothawala's relatives here have been able to speak to Jakir only twice, as the lines have been damaged by the bombardment.Insiya's aunt Taslim Kothawala said, \"Even we don't have a proper idea about what happened. Jakir's first call was on Sunday around 9pm to give us the sad news. He spoke for a few minutes before the call got disconnected. We tried to call back but in vain. The second call was on Monday afternoon, when he told us that the post mortem was yet to happen, and he will conduct the last rituals there itself.\"Jakir does not have an international roaming SIM card, and was speaking from a borrowed cell phone, said Taslim. \"Being the youngest member of the family, like any other eight-year-old girl she was lovable and the apple of everyone's eye,\" she said.\"It will take one more day for legal procedures and then the body will be handed over to the family members there. As per rules, pilgrims can't bring the body back, and will have to perform the last rituals there,\" said Sajid Kothawala, Insiya's uncle.He added that pilgrims are also not allowed to return from a tour midway, so Jakir and family will have to complete the tour and are expected back on June 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13633264", "title": "Blast at Congress MP's resort near Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Congress MP L Rajagopal's resort on the city's outskirts was damaged in a bomb blast, police said on Tuesday.The incident took place on Friday night but police disclosed this only on Tuesday.There was no words as to why it was kept under wraps for three days.Walls and windows of the resort near Madhapur were damaged in the gelatin stick blast. The attackers left behind pro-Telangana pamphlets. The watchman said he woke up to a deafening blast.Rajagopal, an MP from Vijayawada, said it could be the handiwork of supporters of YSR Congress Party leader YS Jagan Mohan Reddy.Rajagopal has been opposing the demand for a separate Telangana state. He is also a critic of Reddy, who was sent to jail Monday in a corruption case.However, YSR Congress Party leaders alleged that Rajagopal himself was behind the blast to eliminate his first wife, Padma. They demanded a probe into the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "thalassery", "code": "13622530", "title": "Kalari gives Kerala girls duel advantage", "text": "THALASSERY: At the Sports Authority of India centre in Thalassery, half a dozen girls decked in space suits thrust and parry and execute some fancy footwork. The purists might scoff at it, but Kerala's first ever Olympic gold in the coming years might well come from one of these girls and their unconventional discipline - fencing.Each of these champions on the make owes their adeptness in the new sport thanks to their childhood training in Kerala's traditional martial art kalaripayattu. Though they are in many ways as different as chalk and cheddar, both kalari and fencing are combat sports that rely primarily on exquisite reflexes.\"It is easier to train a kalaripayattu artist in fencing for she picks up the techniques of fencing faster than a novice in the sport. Their reflexes would be sharp, a prerequisite for a good fencer. That is one of the main reasons why kalaripayattu artists who joined us have done remarkably well in national and international competitions,\" says Sagar S Lahu, coach at SAI's fencing school in Thalassery and also the national sabre fencing coach.Dilna V P and Athira Ramachandran represented India in fencing in the Asian Games held at Guangzhou, China, in 2010. Their successors Megha Rechan, Nisha Dominic, Steffitha Chalil and Aishwarya G Nair won silver medals in the Commonwealth Junior Fencing Championship in London and gold at the South Asian Championship in Hyderabad this year.But none of them knew what fencing was when they joined SAI's fencing school. \"Kalaripayattu was popular in Koothuparambu and I started practising the art at a very young age. Today, I am glad that I took the decision to venture into an unknown sport as I have many international and national medals to boast of,\" says Dilna.Having tasted success at international level competitions, these girls are now dreaming big. \"Our aim is to qualify for 2016 Olympics. If we get exposure and better training, an Olympic medal is not beyond us,\" says Aishwarya who was part of the silver medal winning Commonwealth Fencing Games team. Rest assured that is not sabre rattling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13633882", "title": "Teri Meri Kahaani not about reincarnation: Priyanka Chopra", "text": "Much against the common perception, the actress clarifies that her film has nothing to do with rebirth.Ever since the trailers of Kunal Kohli's Teri Meri Kahani released, there was buzz that it's a reincarnation drama. Seeing the three different looks of the lead pair Shahid Kapoor and Priyanka Chopra over three different eras, there were speculations that the film might have the lead pair reborn again and again.However leading lady Priyanka Chopra clarifies, \" Teri Meri Kahani is not a reincarnation film. It's a love story of three different pairs spread over three generations\". But how come same looking people yet not connected to each other? The actress tries to explain saying, \"It's like the concept of janam janam ka saath like we say in our films. Just that they are not reborn. The same characters played by Shahid and me will be seen as three different couples in three different eras, from 1910, 1960 and 2012\".Interestingly Shahid Kapoor was skeptical about doing a reincarnation film until director Kunal Kohli explained him that Teri Meri Kahani was not about rebirth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13620685", "title": "Students from Chandigarh schools top all streams in tricity", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A dull, scorching Monday bubbled with jubilation when Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) declared Class XII results as the clock struck 11am.After hours of calculations, the toppers of Tricity in all four stream - humanities, commerce, medical and non-medical -- were declared, which saw Chandigarh stealing a march over Mohali and Panchkula, with better marks than last year.This year, 16,388 students from Tricity took CBSE Class XII board examination, of which 9,206 were boys and 7,182 girls. Like last year, this time too girls have outshone boys in pass percentage. Boys' pass percentage (76.72%) has come down by 0.88% and girls' (86.67%) has shown an improvement of 0.37%.The overall pass percentage (81.8%) has gone up by 0.3% as compared to the last year (81.5%).R J Khanderao, CBSE regional director, said, \"Tricity's pass percentage has shown a minor improvement and so, the result is neither good nor bad.\"Unlike last year, when girls had outscored boys in grabbing the top slots, the fair students have been on a par with boys, with each taking two top slots. However, the overall Tricity topper is a girl.Navya Singla, a student of Bhavan Vidyalaya, Chandigarh, has topped Tricity in commerce stream with 98%. She has raised the bar, as last year, the stream topper, Heera Raparia of Bhavan Vidyalaya, Panchkula, had scored 96.6%. Navya is also the overall topper of Tricity.Mohit Gautam of Government Model Senior Secondary School, Sector 37, Chandigarh, has topped non-medical stream with 97.4%. Last year, Vivek Mehta of Government Model Senior Secondary School, Sector 35, had scored 96.4% in the field.An overwhelmed Manmohan Gautam, Mohit's father and a lab technician, said, \"We want to see our son becoming an engineer... his amazing score has taken him closer to our dream.'' His mother is a homemaker.In the medical stream, Akshay Sangwan of Vivek High School, Chandigarh, has taken the top slot with 96%. Last year, Carmel Convent School's Jannat Kang had taken the position with 95.4%.In humanities, Pallavi Sharma, a student of Bhavan Vidyalaya, Chandigarh, too, has topped Tricity with 96%. She aspires to be an IAS officer . In 2011, humanities topper, Ushma Goswami of Government Model Senior Secondary School, Sector 16, had obtained 94.2%.(Compiled by Kamini Mehta and Rahul)Pass percentage of govt schools improvesIn UT government schools, 6,288 students appeared from model schools, of which 5,349 have cleared the exam. In non-model schools, 1,656 students appeared and 1,094 have tasted success. Compared to the last year, the pass percentage of model as well as non-model schools has gone up by 1.27% and 4.56%, respectively. In 2011, the pass percentage of model schools was 83.8%. This year, it is 85.07%. In non-model schools, pass percentage last year was 61.5%, whereas this time it is 66.06%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13622589", "title": "EB sop for apartments", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Maintenance charges levied by welfare associations of apartment complexes would soon be slashed with the KSEB deciding to introduce domestic tariff instead of commercial rates for common areas, including the elevator.The KSEB issued orders in this connection on Saturday based on the recommendation of Kerala State Electricity Regulatory Commission. The regulatory panel had given the directive taking into consideration a petition filed by Thiruvananthapuram-based Owners Association of Residential Apartments.As per the revision in tariff charges announced by KSEB, there power bills of small- and medium-level apartments will come down by Rs 10,000 to Rs 12,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13614560", "title": "Two stolen vehicle \u2018receivers\u2019 arrested, had sold 250 cars", "text": "GURGAON: One of the main accused \"receivers\" of stolen vehicles and his associate were arrested by the Gurgaon police on Sunday night for selling 250 stolen cars in Haryana and Rajasthan. The two were produced in a city court on Monday and sent to two days' police remand with the Sushant Lok police.The prime accused was identified as Mukesh, a resident of Jui Khurd village, and his associate was identified as Satish, a resident of Nathuwas village in Bhiwani. A senior police officer said that Mukesh used to use fake documents to sell the cars in Haryana and Rajasthan.\"Mukesh's associate, Satish, used to help him make the fake documents and also liaise with the potential customers. After the customers booked the cars, the vehicles of the specified make were bought from the carjackers,\" said Maheshwar Dayal, DCP Crime.The Criminal Investigation Agency (CIA) team of Palam Vihar received a tip-off that the two would be travelling in a stolen vehicle from Palam Vihar on Sunday night. The team arrived at the scene and arrested the two. \"After arresting them, our team recovered eight stolen vehicles that were stolen from Gurgaon's neighbouring areas. The vehicles include four Boleros, two Hyundai Vernas, one Tata Safari and one Tata-407. Mukesh and Satish have been at large since 2009 . Mukesh was also involved in bootlegging,\" said Dayal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13614785", "title": "College student, cousin killed truck driver to buy liquor, held", "text": "GURGAON: A BA first year student and his cousin have been arrested by the Gurgaon police for murdering a Canter driver on October 4, last year. The duo allegedly committed the crime as they needed money to buy liquor. The crime branch team of Gurgaon police said it has solved the eight-month-old murder case.DCP (crime) Maheshwar Dayal said that the city police found an unclaimed canter and a dead body from the hilly areas of Bandhwari village on October 4, 2011. Later, the deceased was identified as Mahendra Singh Maurya, resident of Ajamgarh in Uttar Pradesh. \"After a tip-off, we took into custody two people from Bandhwari village. During the interrogation, the accused confessed to their crime and we arrested them. The accused have been identified as Sandeep and Harbeer, residents of Bandhwari village. Sandeep is a BA 1st year student of a college in Faridabad.Harbeer and Sandeep are cousins,\" said Dayal. The DCP said that on the day of the crime, the two were in a drunken state and had planned to carry out a theft as they needed money to buy booze. They came across the canter and hit it with their two-wheeler and asked the driver to stop the vehicle. Following this, they beat up the driver and tied his limbs. But as the driver protested and threatened to report their bike number, the enraged duo started thrashing him more till he died. \"We are interrogating the accused,\" the DCP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13614100", "title": "Delhi budget: Rs 631 crore allotted for illegal colonies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Renewing her commitment to regularize 1,639 unauthorized colonies, chief minister Sheila Dikshit proposed an outlay of Rs 631 crore for development work in these colonies.Though provisional regularization certificates were handed out to 1200-odd unauthorized colonies just before the 2008 assembly polls, regularization is yet to become a reality. With irregularities being found in the regularization process later last year, the Delhi government has much ground to cover to win the trust of lakhs of residents who have been waiting for the regularization tag. Residents of these colonies also make up a chunk of the Congress vote bank.Delivering her budget speech, Dikshit said the government was committed to regularize all eligible unauthorized colonies \"within the framework of the guidelines issued by the Government of India\". Explaining the reasons for the delay, the CM said, \"This is a time-consuming process in view of the various requirements stipulated in the guidelines that are being dealt with by a number of departments and agencies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13613968", "title": "ATC software glitch triggers scare at IGI airport", "text": "NEW DELHI: For almost an hour on Monday, the Delhi air traffic control managed to safely land flights at IGI airport without knowing which type of aircraft is flying in and from where. This happened as the troublesome ATC software yet again developed a snag with the crucial flight data processing system (FDPS) - that gives all information like the type of aircraft, flight route and origin point - conking off at 11.40am.Alert ATC officials immediately slowed down the flow of traffic, both incoming and outbound, when FDPS of the latest ATC system Autotrack III went dead. \"Luckily the radar screen and the very-high-frequency sets used to communicate with pilots did not go dead. So we were able to navigate pilots,\" said a source.\"The problem lasted for about an hour but safety was not a concern during this as the back-up FDPS kicked in. Then we rebooted both the systems.\"The snag has been conveyed to the equipment supplier, US-based Raytheon,\" a senior ATC official said. The official added that ATC staggered departure of aircraft to give more space to incoming flights. However, pilots reported substantial delays. \"The new ATC system has been constantly giving troubles at IGI. The radars went blank four times in January-February 2010 and again in February 2011. Now we had FDPS yet again. AAI must get the issue examined with Raytheon and DGCA should step in,\" said a senior commander.Alert ATC officials immediately slowed down the flow of traffic, both incoming and outbound aircraft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13614661", "title": "150 bus shelters to come up across the city soon", "text": "GURGAON: After launching the city bus service recently, Haryana Roadways has now started finalizing the list of bus queue shelters to come up across Gurgaon.However, the state government is yet to decide whether the shelters would be fully funded by it or constructed on a Public Private Partnership (PPP) model. Haryana Roadways general manager Yashendra Singh said that the transport department has drawn a tentative list of 150 bus queue shelters to be built across the city and would soon hand it over to the city's civic agencies including the Haryana Urban Development Authority and the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon.When contacted, MCG commissioner Sudhir Rajpal said, \"The corporation has written to the government seeking its decision on the model on which it wants the shelters to be built.\" Meanwhile, Haryana Roadways has said that buses will stop wherever passengers flag them down till the shelters come up. However, the move has not helped passengers who don't usually carry a route map of buses and are finding it difficult to stand on roads because of the rising temperature.Also on Monday, Haryana Roadways started bus services on three more routes in the city, taking the total number of intra-city routes to seven. The new routes, HUDA City Centre Metro Station-Sohna Road-Badshapur, Basai Chowk-Bus Stand and Palam Vihar-Bus Stand, will become fully operational from Tuesday. Twenty extra buses have been pressed into service on the routes. According to Singh, 11 routes were initially identified for the bus service. \"Seven routes have been made operational. The remaining four routes will also be made operational in a phased manner as and when we get additional buses. People can send in their suggestions by June 15 by post or in person in this regard,\" Singh said. Singh said the department has plans to buy five Volvo buses for Gurgaon to Jaipur and Agra. The passenger occupancy on these routes are also being explored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13614797", "title": "Congress to open anti-YSR campaign", "text": "HYDERABAD: With YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy effectively out of the election campaign till June 11, the Congress would go all out to criticize Jagan and project YSR as his 'corrupt father' and not a former Congress chief minister. According to information available, the Congress is of the view that the only way to counter the moves of the YSR Congress to whip up a sympathy wave in the wake of the arrest of Jagan is to virtually abandon the YSR legacy and present him and his family as the wrong-doers.\"With it becoming increasingly clear that YSR cannot be defended anymore what with a slew of corruption charges against him and his son, the best way to counter the YSR Congress from now on would be to attack YSR and blame him for all the irregularities that are surfacing and distancing themselves away from him,\" a senior leader told TOI. Already, individual Congress leaders have started the YSR blame game. Mopidevi Venkataramana, the excise minister who was arrested in the Jagan assets case on Thursday, has told the CBI that although he was infrastructure, investments and ports minister under YSR, it was the former chief minister who took all decisions. That includes the one involving the Vanpic deal and he said that his role was limited to merely signing the file.On Sunday, Congress leader Chiranjeevi told the media after calling on Mopidevi's wife that the YSR regime was a \"one-man show\", and that no minister including Mopidevi had any role to play in the various decisions on land allotments and leases taken by his government.\"With the noose tightening around Jagan, YSR Congress president and accused number one in the assets case, the Congress has to put all the blame on YSR lest the current regime too gets consumed by the various CBI cases ticking away in the state,\" said a leader. Of immediate concern for chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy is that five other ministers in his cabinet -Dharmana Prasada Rao, Ponnala Lakshmaiah, Sabita Indra Reddy, Geeta Reddy and Kanna Lakshminarayana - are being linked to the various scams being probed by the CBI. \"If it comes to them getting arrested then, like Mopidevi, they too would have no option but to put the blame on YSR,\" said sources. Kiran Kumar Reddy on Monday said that ministers had not benefited from the deal, the beneficiary was somebody else read Kiran.The major shift in the Congress to move away from YSR legacy comes days after Kiran had directed the party leaders not to criticize the former chief minister during the campaigning for the bypolls that are slated to be held for 18 assembly seats and one Lok Sabha seat on June 12. \"After all, he was a Congress chief minister,\" is what the CM had said. Kiran Kumar's directive had come in the wake of the statements of some Congress leaders like Rajya Sabha MP V Hanumanth Rao who had demanded that apart from Jagan, YSR too should be held responsible for the various irregularities that are alleged to have taken place during his tenure.However, the fast pace of the CBI developments did not allow the Congress to stick to this plan of leaving YSR alone. With the CBI claiming major irregularities in the Vanpic deal, minister D Manikya Vara Prasad has been promising the electorate at Ongole that the ruling party would ensure that the land acquired from farmers for Vanpic was returned to the original owners. This, in effect, holds YSR guilty of irregularities in the deal and distancing itself from him, the Congress now wants to make amends. \"For the Congress, YSR is a blot and an embarrassment now,\" said the leader.The shift in the Congress to move away from YSR legacy comes days after Kiran directed party leaders not to criticize the former chief minister during the campaigning for the upcoming bypolls", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13618150", "title": "70% clear CBSE class XII in Allahabad region", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) class XII results were declared on Monday. The overall national pass percentage of CBSE was 80.19% while in Allahabad Region it was 70.68%, one per cent less than the last year.Chennai region topped the national pass percentage where 90.59% students cleared class XII exam. The national overall pass percentage of girls was 86.21% while for boys it was 75.80%.The pass percentage of the Allahabad region, having 1221 schools of which 1023 were independent, 124 Kendriya Vidyalaya, 72 Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya and 2 Central schools for Tibetans, stood at 70.68% as against 73% last yearThe pass percentage of boys in Allahabad region was 65.58% while that of girls was 80.1%. Last year, the pass percentage for boys was 68.32% and 81.52% for girls.A total of 1,44,820 students appeared in class XII exam in UP and Uttarakhand. Of these, 94,389 were boys and 50,431 girls. A total of 60,621 boys have passed the exam, 14,712 have got compartment and 17,073 have failed. In comparison, the girls have performed better. A total of 40,121 girls have passed the exam, 5,887 have got compartment and 4,064 have failed. Thirteen students were booked under unfair means from Allahabad region, said assistant secretary, Allahabad Regional Office, Ranbir Singh.Singh said there were 36 schools in the district where 4,929 students appeared in class XII. Of these, 4,174 were regular while 755 were private candidates. The overall pass percentage in the district stood at 77%. Of these, 3,344 were boys: 2,454 boys cleared the exam with the pass percentage being 73%. Of 1,585 girls who appeared from the district, 1,325 cleared the exam with the pass percentage being 84%. Thus, the pass percentage of girls was 11% higher as compared to boys.The pass percentage of the district, both in terms of overall pass percentage and that of girl students, remained same as compared to the last year. Last year, the overall pass percentage was 77% while that of girl was 84%. But the pass percentage of boys came down by 1%, 74% in 2011 which came down to 73% this year, added the Assistant Secretary, Ranbir Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13623112", "title": "Web alert: Google warns of internet blackout on July 9", "text": "WASHINGTON: Search giant Google has issued a warning to its millions of users that they could lose the ability to connect to the internet in July due to a computer virus. The problem began when international hackers ran an online advertising scam to take control of infected computers around the world.In a highly unusual response , the FBI set up a safety net months ago using government computers to prevent internet disruptions for those infected users , but that system will be shut down on July 9, killing connections for those people . The FBI has run a campaign for months, encouraging people to visit a website that will inform them whether they are infected and explain how to fix the problem.After July 9, infected users won't be able to connect to the internet. According to Fox News , Google has now planned to throw its weight into the awareness campaign . The site will be rolling out alerting to users via a special message that will appear at the top of the Google search results page for users with affected computers, CNET reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13634791", "title": "KKR's Brett Lee impressed with Gautam Gambhir's captaincy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Australian speedster Brett Lee is impressed with the leadership skills of his IPL-winning side Kolkata Knight Riders skipper Gautam Gambhir and praised him for the way he lived up to the challenge of captaining a side with players from different countries.Lee praised Gambhir for his fighting qualities and also for his ability to make the dressing room light with banters.\"I am impressed. He is a very structured player, someone who likes to take on opposition. Off the field, he likes to have a joke with his teammates. More importantly, I think he is respected for his fairness,\" Lee told PTI.\"It can be a challenge to lead men from different countries but Gambhir has acquitted himself well,\" he said.Lee feels that the yorker remained the most lethal weapon for a bowler in the death overs in Twenty20 cricket.\"I think it's pretty hard to get past a yorker in the death overs. If you can hit the base of the stumps, you can trouble the best. With a perfect Yorker, you are 90 per cent assured that you can win the battle. With batsmen getting creative with their strokeplay, I think a yorker is the best,\" said Lee who has retired from Test and ODI cricket.Asked what he likes most about KKR, Lee said, \"I think the fans are fanatics. They enjoy cricket, they appreciate a good contest. Like when Pune Warriors played in Kolkata, they were on their feet cheering 'Dada'. When he took a catch, it really blew the roof off in Eden Gardens.\"Lee was also upbeat about MEWSIC, his charitable foundation in India, and said he was happy to give back to the country which had given him so much love.\"It's an attempt to raise smiles on the faces of the children who are deprived. We have already raised about $75,000 for our foundation. I do a lot of work back home with children's hospital,\" Lee said.\"I always had this fascination for India. People have given me so much love and affection. It was two years of planning, lot of hard work and making sure that we have right people around us,\" said Lee who had sung songs with singing legend Asha Bhonsle .Asked why he chose the name MEWSIC for his foundation, he said, \"I wanted something to stand out. Also with Binga, the cat as our logo, I thought MEWSIC will be closer to a meow of a cat. We wanted it to be fun and I guess it appeals to children.\"On who is a bigger star between Lee and his IPL side KKR co-owner Shah Rukh Khan , he quipped, \"Definitely Shah Rukh. I mean when his face comes on the screen, the crowd goes nuts. But still he is such a down-to-earth person. He is famous around the world. Even in Australia, it's massive when he comes over.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13622180", "title": "Girls outscore boys in CBSE Class XII", "text": "KOLKATA: It wasn't a usual day at the house of Mondals in Durgapur's Bidhan Nagar. The family members were euphoric with the eldest daughter Ananya scoring 98.2% in the science stream and being among the state's probable toppers in CBSE Class XII exams.With the script of girls outshining the boys in state written once more, this year some of the biggest surprises, according to Malini Bhagat, the principal of Mahadevi Birla Girls' Higher Secondary School, have emerged in sociology, psychology and geography, where students have scored 100.A student of DAV Model School in Durgapur, Ananya Mondal has scored 100% in chemistry and 99 in both mathematics and biology. Her score in English is 95, while its 98 in physical education. In physics, which was her fourth subject, she scored 97. which she has opted as the fourth subject.A research aspirant, Ananya has cracked the IISC Bangalore entrance test and is waiting to appear for an interview. \"I have already taken the AIPMT and am waiting for the results. Research is my interest, though, my parents are urging me to get into medical. I will take a call only after the final results are published. Moreover, I have already been awarded a scholarship by the central government that administers IISC Bangalore,\" she added.Mondal has already ranked 829 in WBJEE Medical entrance, but prefers to study outside the state. \"I want to select a medical college outside West Bengal since my rank is not too good,\" said Mondal, who was a regular at the basketball tournaments in school. \"I never had a fixed schedule to study, but the day's lessons in school and tuitions were key to my success,\" said Ananya, an avid lover of gardening.Oishee Kundu of Army Public School is the probable city topper with 97.6%. She scored 95 in English, 99 in economics, mathematics and geography and 96 in computer science. Her lowest score of 86 is in political science. \"I will now study economics. My first preference will be St Stephen's College in New Delhi. I was born and have lived almost my entire life outside the city. I do not think there will be any adjustment issues. If my marks do not permit me to bag a seat in Delhi, I will opt for Lady Brabourne College,\" Oishee added.\"West Bengal, which falls under CBSE's Bhubaneswar region, has come fourth in terms of pass percentage. The national pass percentage is 80.19, while it's 83.19 in the Bhubaneswar region. Chennai has emerged as the top region with a pass percentage of 90.59,\" said chairman of CBSE, Vineet Joshi.This year, of the 35,004 students registered for the exams in the Bubaneswar region, 34,429 actually appeared. The performance of girls stood apart as they passed with flying colours in CBSE Class XII examination. In the Bhubaneswar region, the pass percentage of girls is 87.21, compared to 81.11 of boys.Several schools in the city saw girls outperforming boys with a very high score. Sreya Mallik of Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan scored 97% in humanities and will take up English honours in one of the top city colleges. \"I like to cook and try out different recipes from cook books,\" smiled the top scorer of her school.Kanina Mondal from Sarla Birla Sishu Vihar School has scored 97.4% in humanities and is among the probable second position holders in the city. She prefers to study law. Her scores are, 95 in English, 96 in fashion studies, 99 in history, 97 in home science and 100 in psychology.\"The aggregate percentage has been calculated on the basis of marks in English and the best four subjects,\" said a senior CBSE official.The Kendriya Vidyalayas (KV) of Kolkata region have secured a staggering 94.07 pass percentage, while 4048 students appeared in the exam and 3808 passed. There are 51 KVs in the region which offer higher secondary education to students. The highest scorer is Suranjana Samanta from KV at Indian Institute of Technology in Kharagpur, who has scored 97% in science. In the region, five KVs have secured a 100% success, including the ones at Cossipore, Cooch Behar, Kalimpong, Suktang and Shingtong.Suranjana, the topper from Kolkata's KVs, now wants to pursue engineering in Jadavpur University. \"Either I will take up computer science and engineering or will study chemical engineering. My rank in WBJEE is 479. I am also waiting for my AIEEE results. But my parents prefer a college inside West Bengal,\" she gushes. Her father A.N.Samanta is a teacher of Chemical engineering in IIT Kharagpur.\"My parents are excited. I never studied with a plan in mind and have taken tuitions in Mathematics only. I would like to remain in academics and pursue research. I have no intensions of doing an MBA at the moment,\" she adds. Her scores are 95 in English, 97 in Chemistry, 99 in Computer Science, 99 in Mathematics and 95 in Physics.Pooja Yadav from KV Bagdogra has scored 96.8% in commerce and now wants to pursue BCom honours at Sriram College of Commerce. Daughter of an Air Force officer, Yadav said: will study outside the state. \"\"I am from Haryana and will like to go to Delhi for higher studies. My only mantra for performing well is to remain attentive in the classes.\" It will prepare any examinee more than what one learns at home. I always knew that my scores would be good. My teachers had a huge expectation from me. And a day before my birthday, this could be the best gift I could bag,\" she smiles.A huge fan of old Hindi movies, Pooja gave credit to her parents for the success. she has achieved.Debapriya Das of Barrackpore AFS KV has scored 92.6% and is the topper among humanities students who appeared in the examination from the KVs.It was an ecstatic feeling at the home of the Mondal's in Bidhan Nagar at Durgapur. Their eldest daughter Ananya Mondal has scored 98.2 percent in the science stream and is among the probable toppers from the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13618867", "title": "1,186 police constables to be recruited: Manohar Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has decided to recruit 1,186 police constables and 45 new police sub-inspectors to further strengthen the police force.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar told mediapersons,\"We will fill 1,186 police constables and 45 police sub-inspectors post which need to be filled.\"He also said that the law and order situation is improving in the state and there is no political interference in the police functioning. \"I think police should work more efficiently but I cannot hold them responsible because they are facing lack of manpower,\" Parrikar saidParrikar also said that the government will release the advertisement to field 300 vacancies for the post of nurses, which is according to the norms of the Medical Council of India. \"These vacancies are not created by my government,\" he said. He added that his government will follow a transparent method while recruiting new employees in the state government. \"If there are illegalities then file a case against me,\" Parrikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13619730", "title": "Workshop on child health", "text": "CHANDIGARH: National capacity development workshop for district-level managers on reproductive and child health (RCH) planning was inaugurated at School of Public Health (SPH), PGI, by prof Yogesh Chawla, PGI director, on Monday. In his opening address, he said, 'We all need to work together to achieve the millennium development goals.\"He emphasized on evidence-based approach and strategies for achieving health goals. Dr Arun Aggarwal, a faculty member of SPH, gave a brief overview of the workshop, stating that its objective was to build capacity of district-level programme managers to plan and effectively implement health programmes to respond to the people's health needs and achieve millennium development goals.As many as 30 participants from Assam , Haryana, Sikkim , Chhattisgarh and Odisha are participating in the 10-day residential workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13617820", "title": "Diesel paucity turns them into \u2018sweat shops\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: They are the new-age sweatshops -- where shoppers wet their brows and shopkeepers keep the show going, fighting power cuts and diesel shortage. The two-hour power cut and diesel paucity across the city has down-laddered the sales volume of retail sellers like ice-cream parlours, sweet shops and provision stores.Some of the stores have tweaked their timings to sync with the power cuts. The website of a newly opened ice cream parlour in Alwarpet says: \"We are experiencing power cuts between noon and 2pm every day. So we are open after 2pm for ice creams.\" The managing director of the Grand Sweets &amp; Snacks, G Saravanamahesh, sums up his fears: \"It's fire- fighting on a daily basis.\" The sevenstore chain consumes close to 300 litres of diesel daily and Mahesh says stores like his cannot function without diesel in the absence of power.But the shop managers are honing their ingenuity to keep the shop afloat amid hard times. \"Better inventory management is the need of the hour. We are reducing the volume of perishable items such as dosa batter and tomato chutney across our stores. While such items account for 20% of our daily sales, this would now reduce to 7%,\" Mahesh says. Moreover, stock loading and unloading across the seven stores take place when there is power supply. Similarly, Avanti Vissa of Bellaria uses tetra pack milk, which has better shelf life, for making ice-creams.\"It's not worth owning a generator at this juncture. Whenever there is a power cut, we down the shutters and make ice-creams on orders only,\" she says. It's not only sweet and savoury chains who feel the heat. Fruit and vegetable outlets are also affected. \"Many people buy fruits and vegetables daily and the absence of power and backup would impact refrigeration,\" says secretary of the Madras Kirana Merchants' Association Manish Parmar. For many heat-wary residents, shopping is now a post sundown activity, leading to a dip in the sales of small retailers. \"Sales normally fall during the daytime in summer months. If that is not enough, there is power cut in addition to diesel shortage,\" says a provision store owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13616873", "title": "Stormy start to UP assembly as BSP men go on rampage", "text": "LUCKNOW: The inaugural session of the UP Vidhan Sabha began on a stormy note on Monday with the main opposition party BSP putting up an extraordinarily aggressive and combative show.Determined to stall the governor's address to the joint House in the morning, BSP MLAs climbed atop their desks, raised slogans against the return of lawlessness and bribes for transfers and postings, hurled paper missiles and generally created ruckus the minute the House assembled.The unruly behaviour of the BSP failed to impact their rivals in the treasury benches including chief minister Akhilesh Yadav who looked bemused by the high drama. However, it fully brought out the determination of BSP boss Mayawati to give no quarter to the young chief minister.BSP's protest stood out not merely because of the aggression, but also because of the timing: it came well before the grace period of 100 days that is allowed to a new government gets over. Seen together with the belligerence that Mayawati has shown both inside and outside Parliament, the happenings in the assembly may be seen as signaling the launch of BSP's campaign for Lok Sabha polls by focusing on what it sees as the Akhilesh government's vulnerabilities: perception of the return of lawlessness and the alleged transfer and posting industry.Although BJP and Congress members also added to the pandemonium and contributed to the growing din in the House as governor B L Joshi prepared to read out the written text, a combative BSP seems determined not to leave much of opposition space for them.Later, a visibly agitated Swami Prasad Maurya of BSP told reporters that his party would not allow the assembly to function this time. The former minister and Maya's trusted aide also charged the Samajwadi Party with running a transfer-posting industry and alleged that the change of regime had ushered in jungle raj in UP.The protest also sets the stage for a potentially high-wattage duel between BSP and SP. SP members on Monday exercised restraint, but the anger against the disruption showed through the remarks of its leaders like health minister Ahmad Hasan, who said the BSP was suffering from insecurity and the protest was meant to distract attention from the corruption under Mayawati's regime. Given the track record of the volatile UP House, the risk of rhetorical skirmishes giving way to more dramatic confrontation appears real.Things worsened by the minute after a belligerent Maurya led his pack - some of them donning deep blue caps scribbled with anti-government slogans -- to the well. The marshals had a tough time trying to ward off the paper balls the MLAs aimed at the Speaker's chair. Sensing the situation, a grim faced Joshi declared that as the members were not interested in the speech, he would cut it short and after reading the first paragraph of the speech (condensed to a 24-page booklet), he wrapped up the mandatory exercise by reading the last paragraph. The triumphant BSP men hurled paper missiles at the retreating figure and the Speaker adjourned the House till 12.30 after Joshi's departure.The situation hardly registered any improvement when the House reassembled. Maurya jumped to his feet the moment the Speaker tried to read out the governor's speech. He said the state was in the grip of severe drought and there were reports of starvation deaths and farmers suicide. He also alleged that wheat purchase centres across the state had become corruption hubs. Since the governor's address did not take note of all this and was a mere eulogy to the state government, the BSP would stage a walkout, he said and all 85 MLAs trooped out noisily.BJP leader Hukum Singh was seen reading out the memorandum which the party had submitted to the governor last Sunday while the Congress MLAs loudly protested against the grim power scenario and farmers woes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13621359", "title": "Bill extending tenure of Lokayukta passed", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government tabled the UP Lokayukta (amendment) Ordinance 2012 extended the tenure of present incumbent Justice NK Mehrotra by two more years. Mehrotra, who had indicted more than six ministers in the BSP government and recommended action against them including CBI and ED inquires, was to retire on March 15. Another crucial bill which seeks to replace Uttar Pradesh Lok Seva Reservation for SC and ST and other backward castes (amendment) ordinance, tabled on Monday aims to scrap the quota to SC/ST in department promotion.The change in the government rules was effected during the BSP regime and had led to much discontent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13618116", "title": "JD (U) urges CM to lead Bharat bandh", "text": "PATNA: The JD (U) has appealed to chief minister Nitish Kumar to postpone his Seva Yatra on May 31 and instead lead the Bharat bandh called by the NDA against the recent steep hike in the price of petrol and the runaway inflation.State JD (U) president Vashisht Narayan Singh told mediapersons here on Monday that as per the schedule, the CM would undertake his three-day 'Seva Yatra' of Bhagalpur from May 30. \"Our party has fully supported the bandh call and our workers will participate in it to make it a success from state to district level,\" he said while appealing to people to take part in the nationwide protest on Thursday.Maintaining that the recent petrol price hike was the highest in the history, Singh said the country is passing through a situation of policy paralysis, which is leading to anarchy. Even Prime Minister's economic adviser Kaushik Basu has censured the working of the UPA-II, Singh said and added that the Centre has totally failed in financial management.\"The Centre did absolutely nothing to check the falling value of rupee in the world market despite RBI's advice. Foodgrain production is more than the expectation, but there is lack of sufficient storage capacity. The UPA government has failed on all fronts except corruption,\" Singh quipped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13616440", "title": "45-year-old woman kills self in Versova", "text": "MUMBAI: A 45-year-old woman committed suicide in Versova on Monday. The deceased, Manda Hegiste, had been staying alone on rent in a Mhada building for three months.The Versova police were inquiring if Hegiste had an argument with anybody before hanging herself from a kitchen fan. The cops did not find any suicide note and ruled out foul play. They also recorded the statements of Hegiste's husband and mother. The husband lives in Andheri (W) and also owns a shop there. The couple had been staying separately.The couple has three daughters; the eldest one lives in Dubai and recently came to Mumbai. Hegiste's mother lives in Seven Bungalows. When she spoke to her daughter on Saturday, the latter did not complain about anything, said the police. When she went to meet Hegiste on Monday, she found the door open and entered the house. She then saw her daughter hanging from a fan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13621373", "title": "Haryana to buy power from private companies to tide over crisis", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Under fire for plunging the Millennium City of Gurgaon into darkness, Haryana government on Monday said it would sign short-term purchase agreements to arrange for additional electricity of 250 MW to bring down the demand and supply gap.\"Short-term purchase of power may not be the final solution but will certainly help in improving the situation in critical areas like Gurgaon,\" Haryana power minister Ajay Singh said on Monday.While the entire state is facing power crisis due to a big demand-supply gap, it's Gurgaon which is the worst hit with daily electricity cuts lasting for as many as nine hours.At present, the daily power consumption in the state is 1,300 lakh units against the available supply of 1,100 lakh units from all sources. Gurgaon faces a shortfall of 15% in supply.The power demand at present in Gurgaon is 200 lakh units while the supply is 170 lakh units.According to state power discom officials, unable to fill the demand-supply gap, the state has also been losing major chunk of electricity in line losses.As per a recent Haryana electricity regulatory commission (HERC) report, the line losses including power pilferage and transmission losses are upto 24% in various pockets of Haryana which translates into the shortfall of at least 200 lakh units of supply every year.Officials of the Haryana Power Generation Corporation Limited (HPGCL) claimed the power situation would improve after the Jharli power plant, with a capacity of 1,320 MW, becomes operational by first week of June.Referring to other plants, officials informed that one unit of power plant in Khedar (district Hisar) and one unit of Yamunanagar thermal power plant of 300 MW capacity each would also be operational by June 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "13623345", "title": "No end in sight to waste menace", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Authorities of Alappuzha municipality and Mararikkulam South grama panchayat on Monday did not attend the meeting convened by the district administration to solve the waste treatment issues in these two local bodies. So the district administration could not find any solution to the waste menace and the subsequent severe health issues faced by people of these two local bodies.The waste movement in the town has come to a standstill when the municipality asked 92 Kudumbashree workers, who were entrusted with collection of waste, to stop their service. The municipality's waste treatment plant is functioning at Sarvodayapuram at Mararikkulam South grama panchayat and the local people, who reside near the plant, are also facing severe health problems due to the unscientific operation of the plant.On last Saturday, additional district magistrate K P Thampi, who is the district collector in-charge, directed the municipal officials and Mararikkulam South grama panchayat to attend Monday's meeting to find a solution for the waste management problems. But nobody from the municipality and the panchayat attended the meeting.Mararikkulam South grama panchayat president N P Snehajan told TOI that they had not received any communication from the district administration regarding the meeting. \"So we could not attend the meeting,\" he said.Municipality's standing committee chairman V G Vishnu told TOI, \"The municipal secretary was busy on Monday with some court matters. So he could not attend the meeting,\" he said.\"Garbage movement is completely hit now and people are bearing the brunt. We will entrust Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) workers with the task of waste management at Sarvodayapuram waste treatment plant,\" the ADM said.\"Though Sarvodayapuram waste treatment plant has a capacity to treat only 7.5 to 10 tonnes of waste daily, the municipality keep dumping 32 to 40 tonnes daily, creating serious health issues to people living near the plant. This problem should be addressed soon,'' said Suchithwa mission district coordinator V J Sreekumar.\"The municipality failed to treat even the waste dumped in the plant 30 years ago. So if the MGNREGA workers are employed for handling the waste in the plant, they will also face serious health issues. So adequate precautions should be taken before entrusting the MGNREGA workers with the work,\" said Aryad block development officer Vinodkumar.The ADM also asked Aryad BDO to visit the plant and file a report about the present status of the plant.The ADM also instructed the district health wing to test the quality of potable water used by people in all parts of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13636933", "title": "HC stays allotment of land to Subhash Ghai in Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday stayed the execution of sale deed of 20 acres of land purchased by Bollywood filmmaker Subhash Ghai's Mukta Arts from the Gram Panchayat of Badhsa village in Jhajjar district.The stay orders were passed by the HC after taking cognizance of a petition alleging favouritism by the Haryana government in granting permission to sell village common land to Subhash Ghai in the guise of 'public purpose' while the same was being used by Ghai for private purpose.The division bench comprising acting chief justice M M Kumar and justice Alok Singh has issued the orders while hearing a petition filed by 70-years-old retired teacher, Nafe Singh from Badhsa village of Jhajjar in Haryana.The bench has also issued notices to Subhash Ghai, Haryana government and deputy commissioner (DC) Jhhajar directing them to respond the contentions raised in the petition. The case will be heard on July 31.The petition challenged the action of the Haryana government for selling village land allegedly in gross violation of rules and without any public purpose. The petitioner further contended that the decision to sell the village land to Mukta Arts by the village Panchayat was taken under pressure and not by free will.Alleging that the machinery of the Haryana government acted in the hands of Subhash Ghai, the petitioner referred to the Bombay HC order, in February this year, which cancelled the allotment of 20 acres land to Ghai at Goregaon by Maharastra government in a similar fashion. The Badhsa Gram Panchayat had sent a resolution to the Haryana government on January 6, 2010, to permit them to sell 20 acre land to Mukta Arts. In September 2010, the government allowed the Panchayat to sell 20 acres of land on total consideration of Rs 80280000 including land price and annuity. The price of the deal was sealed in October 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13624468", "title": "Minor rape victim breaks silence after a month", "text": "JAIPUR: She kept silent for a month even after being allegedly gangraped by a vidhyarthi mitra, a teacher employed by the government to assist school dropouts, and four others at Vadiya village in Pali district.Thanks to her parents and neighbours, who instilled courage in her to speak out against the heinous crime, she finally came out in the open.The alleged rapists had reportedly told her to keep quiet or face dire consequences if she narrated her plight to the police.However, late on Sunday evening, the girl lodged a case of abduction and rape against the teacher and his accomplices.The teacher, Narendra Singh, knew the victim for several years and she had reportedly developed a liking for him. According to the police, the accused on April 26 took her to an isolated place where he and four others allegedly gangraped her.After the incident, the girl's family was living in fear as the accused had threatened to kill them if they leaked out the incident.Asked why the girl kept silent for more than a month, Sawai Singh, station house officer, Siviari police station, told TOI on Monday: \"The alleged rapists had threatened to kill her along with family members and were also reportedly keeping a vigil on them. The family received threat calls four times a month. However, they mustered some courage after thorough discussions and on Sunday evening approached us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13615733", "title": "38 assistant conservators of forests shifted, Vashisht moves to Tadoba", "text": "NAGPUR: In a major reshuffle, the state government on Monday transferred 38 assistant conservators of forests (ACFs). Among those who have been shifted are GK Vashisht, A M Pillarishet, Kishore Mishrikotkar, GC Yede, AS Khune and others.Vashisht, who had worked in TATR for over a decade and played a key role in changing the face of Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR), has again been posted in TATR. His posting is seen as an attempt to improve things, specially in the backdrop of recent poaching cases in the buffer of Tadoba. Vashisht will replace an equally good officer Pillarishet, who has been posted to Pench.Similarly, Mishrikotkar, who was with the additional PCCF (wildlife) office and headed several wildlife rescue operations, will look after the anti-poaching squad with wildlife.Ashok Khune, who was posted in New Nagzira Wildlife Sanctuary, has been shifted to Navegaon National Park while GC Yede has been brought to PCCF (wildlife) office. Khune will be replaced by NV Kale.S K Thapdiyal, who was with budget, has now been posted to planning department. He will replace KN Kuduple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13615939", "title": "All is not well in standing committee?", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) witnessed a rare event on Monday when members of the standing committee took opposing stands on some proposals, indicating a rift in the apex financial decision-making panel. The committee, however, approved the proposal to start pay and park system.Sources told TOI the standing committee's 16 members, mostly from the ruling party and some from other parties, rarely differ on any proposal in the meeting. \"All issues are settled before the meeting. Though any member can raise any issue, the proposal is later approved unanimously. The unity of the committee is very crucial for NMC as it deals with all financial matters. In the meeting on Monday, Praful Gudadhe raised an objection to the proposal related to octroi department. Three others supported him, and finally the proposal was passed with a simple majority,\" said sources.Gudadhe told TOI this proposal will cause a loss for NMC and is also against the bylaws. \"Octroi department had given a work order to private agency M/s Vidarbha Infotech Private Ltd to issue computerized receipt, scan all documents and investigate cases. The work order was for three years and has come to an end. The proposal was to extend the contract for three years. Any extension or work order above three years has to have the consent of general body, which it did not have. I asked to send the proposal for approval of general body or issue fresh tenders instead of an extension. Three members too supported the objection. Still the proposal was approved. I will not remain silent in such cases,\" he said.Confirming the objection, Tiwari said every member has the right to air his views. \"The agency has agreed to do the work at a rate much lesser than similar contracts in other cities. There is no loss. Besides, it was a financial matter and need not be take to the general body,\" he said.Sources told TOI a couple of office bearers and BJP leaders were also opposed to the proposal, but it was approved.The standing committee also approved a proposal to give a work order to second lowest bidder in radiology centre proposal, despite objections from the lowest bidder. \"I asked the lowest bidder to register objection so that legal opinion could be taken. But there was no initiative from the agency. The proposal is very crucial as it will provide vital services to the citizens,\" Tiwari said.Tiwari also said that the proposal to start pay and park system was approved. \"It will be started for two-wheelers under Sitabuldi flyover from Panchsheel square to Lokmat Square, and between Gaddigodam square and Residency Road. Similar, facility for four-wheelers on east side of the same stretch will be initiated. Charges will be Rs 5 for two-wheelers, Rs 10 for four-wheelers and Rs 2 for bicycle for every eight hours,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13618661", "title": "Bangalore woman hacked in public view", "text": "BANGALORE: A young woman was hacked to death on Monday evening by two bike-borne assailants in full public view on 7th Cross, BTM Layout.Divya S, 23, an employee of a private company, was heading to her NS Palya home at 6.45pm when the two men blocked her. They slashed her repeatedly on the neck and face with a machete before speeding away on their two-wheeler, which bore no registration number. It was all over in 40 seconds, eyewitnesses told TOI.While some shocked passersby ran away, others tried to stop the assailants. The rush-hour traffic was blocked for nearly 30 minutes, and police had a tough time clearing vehicles and shifting Divya to Sagar Hospital on Bannerghatta Road.Divya succumbed to her injuries at 9pm. Her family members said she breathed her last even before she was taken to the operation theatre.Deputy commissioner of police, southeast, PS Harsha told TOI: \"We have definite clues about the assailants and will arrest them shortly.\"The incident took place a stone's throw away from the IPS officers' colony, where senior officers, including DG&amp;IGP-in-charge; A R Infant and former city police commissioner Shankar Bidari, reside.Divya worked as administrative head with a private footwear-manufacturing company in Koramangala. She is survived by her parents and three sisters. Hailing from Kundapur, the family shifted to Bangalore around five years ago.Last month, a friend of Divya is reported to have proposed to her, but she said \"no\" as she had already chosen her life partner, a friend of hers said. Divya's colleagues said she moved around with the man, making him think she was in love with him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13621940", "title": "BJP may field Dinesh Sharma again, Diwakar Tripathi eyeing Congress ticket", "text": "LUCKNOW: Who will be the next mayor of Lucknow? The race for city's first citizenship is hotting up as candidates stake their claim to contest the mayoral election due on June 24. While both Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) have gone into a huddle by disallowing its party workers to use party election symbol, all eyes have been fixed on Congress and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) which will be contesting the municipal elections on party symbol.To begin with, BJP has managed to convince former Lucknow mayor Dinesh Sharma to contest the election for the second time. The party sources said that a formal declaration of Sharma's name may be made in a day or two. Party workers, sources said, have been repeatedly calling on Sharma to contest the mayoral election. Considered close to BJP stalwart leader Atal Behari Vajpayee, Sharma, however, has been showing his disinterest to contest the mayoral elections, given his high political ambitions. Sources said that he has been eying the Lucknow parliamentary seat in the 2014 polls. A lecturer at Lucknow University, Sharma, in fact, is considered a key member of the second line of BJP leadership in Uttar Pradesh.The Congress, on the other hand, appears to have opened their doors ajar to a new entrant, who has been nursing political ambitions for quite some time -- Diwakar Tripathi. The high-profile bureaucrat has already knocked at the doors of Congress to get the ticket to contest mayor election. Congress sources said that the one-time close confident of former chief minister Mayawati met UP congress chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi soon after notifications for local bodies' elections were issue Tripathi has held various coveted posts in the past including director, information and vice-chairman of Lucknow Development Authority (LDA). In fact, he was given an extension in service during the Mayawati government. With Mayawati now out of power, Tripathi is said to have been in touch with the Congress. Sources however said that the party has not assured Tripathi of a ticket though. There has been resentment in the party for denying ticket to old-timers,'' said a Congress leader.Another candidate who is vying for a mayoral ticket from Congress is Neeraj Bora. A physician by profession, Bora contested from Lucknow North seat in the assembly elections but lost to Samajwadi Party's Abhishek Mishra by a margin of just over 2,000 votes. Son of D P Bora, who had been a Congress MLA himself, Neeraj heads the UPCC traders' wing. In 2007, Neeraj, then in the BSP, had lost the Lucknow west seat to Lalji Tandon. Congress sources said that Neeraj could be the most likely candidate of party for the mayoral elections this year.Samajwadi Party and BSP, however, tend to play safe by letting their candidates to contest local bodies elections but without party symbol. While no candidate from the two strong political parties in UP have turned up with their candidature, speculations have been rife of Juhi Singh being a SP supported candidate. Daughter of once-most-powerful-bureaucrat, former UP chief secretary, Akhand Pratap Singh, Juhi contested from Lucknow East but was defeated by BJP's Kalraj Mishra. Likewise, who will the BSP supported candidate for the mayoral seat is yet to be decided. However, Arun Dwivedi, who contested from Lucknow North, could be the choice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13624754", "title": "Passengers stranded in Bellary bus stand", "text": "HUBLI: Andhra bandh on Monday cast its shadow on the bordering district of Bellary too. Bus services to Andhra Pradesh were snapped following the bandh call given by YSR party activists in the wake of their leader Jaganmohan Reddy's arrest by the CBI in Hyderabad.Passengers were stranded in Bellary bus stand as nearly 33 buses were cancelled. It was only in the evening that a few buses were arranged to ferry passengers. Police security was beefed up in the district headquarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13612955", "title": "Forgettable IPL for Vidarbha players", "text": "NAGPUR: For the last two three years, Vidarbha players have been regulars in the IPL. Most of them did reasonable well in the limited opportunities they got with their respective franchise. However, unlike the last few editions, Vidarbha players-barring Umesh Yadav-would not like to remember this IPL. As many as four other city players-Faiz Fazal, Shreekant Wagh, Amit Paunikar and Apoorv Wankhede-had IPL contracts but none of them could get a game.In fact, Faiz and Paunikar-both Rajasthan Royals players-were not even included in the final squad. While Wagh was part of the Pune Warriors squad, Wankhede only watched Mumbai Indians play from sidelines. He didn't tour with the team. Experts have different opinions on this issue.\"The competition and quality of cricket is great in IPL. There's no scope of experimentation and that's why teams these days hold preparatory camps; they keep track about how their domestic performances; When you go into the tournament, every game is important. We have seen this year, how teams like Rajasthan Royals and Royal Challengers Bangalore missed out by a whisker. So players need to perform in whatever opportunities they are getting for their state team,\" an IPL franchise official told TOI on Monday.Faiz was in the nomination for the best debut during the third edition. However, with Rahul Dravid coming in the Rajasthan fold he had to wait for his chance. \"It's unfortunate for him but we have to be practical. He was competing in the side with the likes of Dravid and Ajinkya Rahane. It's not that he was a bad player. It's just that he doesn't fit into the team management's scheme of things,\" former India opener Akash Chopra said.Ex-India pacer Subroto Bannerjee, who was also the bowling coach of Mumbai Indians in the inaugural edition, feels that players shouldn't get disheartened with the snub.\"It's a combination of different things. Every side has an international captain. Most of them generally don't get to see all the players in the match situation. As the pressure is immense, they generally prefer those whom they have seen. The team managements generally don't want to take risk. It doesn't mean our players are bad or they need to do something different. They should raise the bar to get noticed,\" he said.Bannerjee was spot on because former Vidarbha wicketkeeper Paunikar, who has now joined Railways, didn't get a look in because of presence of Sreevats Goswami and Dishant Yagnik. Goswami played with Dravid in the Royal Challengers Bangalore, so he got more chances than Yagnik. With two domestic wicketkeepers and Sri Lankan stumper Dinesh Chandimal in their side, Paunikar had to watch IPL from home.Wagh had a brilliant start to his IPL career. He won the Man of the Match in Pune's first match last year and bowled well in whatever chances he got. This year, he didn't get a single match. with presence of two left-armers-Ashish Nehra and Wayne Parnell-and the duo of Ashok Dinda and Bhunvneshwar Kumar doing well, Wagh had to content with bowling in the nets.Wankhede had an offer from Deccan Chargers and the way their domestic players performed, he could have played a few matches. However, since he was a Reliance contracted player, he opted for Mumbai Indians. With a packed batting order, Wankhede was always going to miss the bus.\"They should now perform well for Vidarbha. Now there will be auction of domestic players as well, so if they do well at the first class level, they have chance to make good money,\" VCA president Prakash Dixit said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13617077", "title": "Tough fight for seats on cards", "text": "CHENNAI: An analysis of the data on marks scored by students of the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) and the Tamil Nadu State Board this year shows that they don't have much of an advantage vis-avis state board students for admission to professional courses in the state, even after normalisation of marks.With students managing to score centums in mathematics and biology, there is no need for normalisation of marks for admission to professional courses in these subjects. In physics, however, the maximum marks scored by a student is 98, and in chemistry it is 99. \"If the maximum marks scored in physics is around 90, then the student may have a fair advantage in the single window counselling system, but with a maximum score of 98 it is a very slight edge that the CBSE student will have. And few students in the city have secured this cut-off,\" said educational consultant Jayaprakash Gandhi.This year the medicine cut-off is 199.75, so few students in CBSE stand a high chance of getting the desired medical seat, even if the student has scored 489/500. Also, CBSE allows students to calculate their overall score taking into account the five best subjects. This means that students may have a big total, and yet not secure a place high up in the rank list. \"We recommend that CBSE students try for a seat in the NITs or good deemed universities,\" Jayaprakash Gandhi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13620749", "title": "Trader shot in broad daylight", "text": "VARANASI: A sanitary ware shop owner Sushil Kumar Singh was sprayed with .9mm bullets in his shop at Tarna bypass road, under the jurisdiction of Shivpur police on Monday afternoon. Police were clueless about the killers as well as the motive behind the broad daylight killing.According to reports, Sushil, a native of Tagore Town Colony, used to run his sanitary ware shop at Tarna bypass road while his brother Santosh has his marble shop at the same place. Around 2 pm, Santosh left for home to have lunch. Sushil was waiting for his salesman to come. In the meantime, four armed miscreants came on two motorcycles.Two of them entered Sushil's shop and opened indiscriminate fire on him with .9mm pistols. They fled from the scene on motorcycles. The local natives and traders rushed him to SPG Hospital where he was declared brought dead.The incident led to panic in Tarna bypass area. The family members of the trader were also terrorized as they could not tell anything about the murder to the police.SSP BD Polson, SP (city) Santosh Kumar Singh and circle officer Cantonment Dinesh Singh reached the spot. During initial investigations, three shells of .9mm cartridges and one bullet was found at the shop. Polson said that the shooters had raided the place with the plan of murder and they watched Sushil for long time before attacking him.The SP (city) also said that the shooters had come with the motive to kill due to which terming it a murder for denying extortion bid is not possible. The cops said that until the family of killed trader would tell anything, knowing motive for the killing would remain difficult.Kachcha baniyan gang indulge in looting spree in Ghazipur: A gang of kachchha-baniyan dacoits raided Bikapur village, falling under the jurisdiction of Sadar Kotwali police in Ghazipur district on Sunday night and attacked an army soldier and his family. They looted cash and valuables from his house.Diwakar Rai and his brother Sushil Rai are army soldiers. They belong to Jamania area but their families live in an house under construction at Bikapur village. Diwakar, posted at Pune, is living in the house for the past one week. On Sunday night, he and his family members were sleeping inside the room. Sushil's wife Maya and her son Piyush were sleeping at the terrace of the house.After midnight, around 12 dacoits broke into the house and reached the terrace. They assaulted Maya and Piyush brutally when the two hesitated to hand over the keys of house. The dacoits then came down. In the meantime, Diwakar woke up but before he could do anything he and his family members were also attacked. The miscreants looted Rs 60,000 and ornaments worth over Rs five lakh from the house.Later, the gang broke into the house of Rajdeo Pasi, where they snatched the ear rings and other ornaments from Manju. Before leaving the village, the robbers also raided the house of Jhunnu Ram and decamped with utensils. On receiving information, police reached the spot at night. A case was lodged. The DIG also ordered probe against the inspector of Sadar Kotwali for laxity.Five die in accident: Five persons died in an accident on Kothia-Mohammedpur road, under the jurisdiction of Nagra police, in Ballia district on Sunday night.The driver of a jeep lost control on the steering near a blind turning. The vehicle dashed against a tree and fell into a deep ditch. All the occupants died on the spot. The bodies were sent for postmortem examination.Body found: Body of an unidentified woman, aged around 20, was found lying on Badhauna road near Jamuayi village, under the jurisdiction of Sarai Khwaja police, in Jaunpur district on Monday morning. The marks of injuries on the body hinted that she was murdered and body thrown on road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13613710", "title": "Madhya Pradesh struggling to match country\u2019s total fertility rate", "text": "When states like Rajasthan, Kerala and Punjab succeeded in controlling the total fertility rate (TFR - the average number of children expected to be born per woman during her reproductive years), Madhya Pradesh continues its struggle to match the country's average TFR of 2.5.According to the latest sample registration system (SRS), the state has recorded an average TFR of 3.2. When the TFR in the villages of the state is 3.5, it is below the national average at 2.2 in urban areas. According to medical experts, the strong desire for a boy in the family was the prime reason that prevented the state in bringing down the TFR.The recently released data prepared by the Registrar General of India states that among the other states after Bihar and Uttar Pradesh , Madhya Pradesh registered the highest TFR in the country.Desire for a male child is still prevalent among both urban and rural population in the state, said doctors, who said this is why the fertility rate remained intact.Dr Sumitra Yadav, a city-based senior gynecologist, said, \"The problem of TFR would not come down until the people stop their desire to have a male child leading to multiple pregnancies. The need of the hour is to spread awareness across the state to bring down the TFR.\"State health department targets to bring down the TFR to 2.1 by 2015, which is also its Millennium Development Goal. The department has to work more efficiently in the rural areas than in urban areas.Rolly Shivhare, who runs an non-government organization -- Vikas Samvad -- for maternal health, said, \"Early marriage, high adolescent fertility rate and high infant mortality rate are some of the major challenges that hinder the achievement of the fertility level of 2.1.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13618434", "title": "Residents seek shifting of Tasmac outlet", "text": "TRICHY: A Tasmac outlet on Akbar Road in Tiruverumbur that has been receiving tremendous response from tipplershas come in for sharp criticism from residents for causing nuisance. On Monday, a group of residents submitted a petition to district collector Jayashree Muralidharan seeking an order to shift the wine shop.As many as 100 residents and members of the CPM thronged the district collectorate to air their problems due to the functioning of the Tasmac-run wine shop. In their petition, they stated that they had been struggling to move around freely as the area was already thickly populated and congested. Adding to their woes, tipplers thronging the wine shop were creating a nuisance. Women avoided crossing the shop, fearing misbehaviour from the drunkards. The devotees coming to a temple near the wine shop also faced a similar problem.The residents had already taken up the issue with the then chief minister, the district collector, Tiruverumbur tahsildar and the regional manager of Tasmac several times. But all their efforts were in vain. However, a peace committee chaired by the then tahsildar later convened a meeting on March 8, 2010. During the meeting, they agreed to shift the wine shop from the area within three months. However, no step had been taken so far.K Palanichamy, member of the union council of CPM, Tiruverumbur said the then Tasmac official later replied to an RTI application stating that they could not shift the shop as it earns good revenue to the corporation. When contacted, the present district manager of Tasmac, Trichy V Iyyappan said they would take immediate steps to find an amicable solution to the problem soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13635175", "title": "'Jangi inam' to second generation stirs up a row", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An organization of freedom fighters' successors has questioned the continuation of pension for the second generation of Indian soldiers, who had fought for the Britishers during World War I (1914-1919).'Jangi Inams' - special pensions for 'two lives' - for the Indian soldiers and for their next generation after their death was instituted by the then British government. The Britishers started giving this pension in 1920 and after 1947, the Indian government has reportedly been giving this pension.\"We are not opposing the pension benefits to anybody but it is an insult to the patriots because the Indian government is not giving any such a pension to the second generation of freedom fighters,\" said D V Paliwal, president of Swatantrata Sainani Utradhikari Sanghthan, Sonipat.Over two dozen successors of freedom fighters met in Karnal on Sunday to raise their concerns over the matter. They have also written a letter to MPs of Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha giving details of two such cases. In the first case, a major general of British army on behalf of then viceroy and governor general in India, on November 1, 1920 had issued a complimentary sanad (certificate) to an Indian soldier Sheo Lal, a resident of Kanina (Mahendergarh).The certificate stated, \"As a token of recognition of his distinguished service during the Great War 1914-1919, he has been awarded a jangi-inam of Rs 5 payable monthly for two lives, subject to the condition of loyal behaviour and active support of government in times of trouble.\"It is said that after World War I, thousands of persons received 'jangi inams'.Paliwal said, \"After the demise of Sheo Lal, now, his son Ram Sarup is getting the pension.\" Similarly, after the death of another solider Mohan Singh , his son Nihal Singh, a resident of Rewari district is receiving this pension, he added.Paliwal demanded that an honourary pension on similar lines, which could just be Rs 100, be issued to the second generation of freedom fighters by the Indian government. Paliwal's father, Ram Parshad Paliwal had gone to jail thrice during the freedom struggle.Paliwal said that the issue would be raised at the meeting of Haryana Swatantrata Sainani Samman Samiti set up by the Haryana government for the welfare of freedom fighters, which is scheduled to be held in Karnal on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13624141", "title": "My brother was driving, says Additional District Magistrate", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after suspended additional district magistrate Ramdev Singh allegedly escaped from the Phulera police station after his car hit a 50-year-old man, the police booked him under various IPC sections for obstructing public servant in discharge of duty and causing disappearance of evidence.However, police said in the separate FIR lodged in connection with the accident, the driver of the car involved in hit-and-run case has not been identified. They said that who was on the steering wheels was a matter of investigation.The mobile phone of the RAS officer was functional by afternoon. When TOI contacted him, Singh said, \"my younger brother was driving the car when the mishap took place.\"Singh said that his car had never entered the Phulera police station. \"After the accident, I stopped the car near Akola. An ASI from Phulera police station got into my car. I and my brother were both sitting in the car at that time,\" Singh claimed.The officer said that he was driving the car to Phulera police station from Akola. He accused the ASI of making him leave from a place near the police station. \"About 50 meters from the police station, the ASI, Babulal, told me that I could leave. He told me if any case was registered, he would inform me and bring the car back,\" said Singh. He added that he came to his house after the mishap and remained there throughout the night.However, DySP Sambhar Bhagwan Singh told TOI that Singh's brother was not in the car when he escaped from the police station. \"We have slapped Section 186 of IPC for preventing the policeman from carrying out his duty and Section 201 for escaping from the police station,\" said the officer. Section 379 of IPC has also been slapped on the office as he had escaped with the car which had been taken into custody by the police.Singh said that in the FIR lodged in connection with the accident, a notice under the Motor Vehicles Act will be sent to the car's owner. It is the owner's responsibility to produce the driver involved in a mishap before the police, he added.\"Investigation against the ADM has been launched. Three police teams are probing the matter. He will be quizzed,\" said the officer.Addl SP, Anil Gothwal said that Singh's car was found abandoned near a garage on Sirsi Road near Panchywala in Vaishali Nagar. \"The car was found nearly two kilometres form his house in Bhannagar,\" said Gothwal.The police have also lodged an FIR against nearly 10 identified and several other unidentified villagers for destroying public property. The villagers had hurled stones on the police on Sunday evening.MLA, Phulera, Nirmal Kumawat and other villagers met senior police and administration officer demanding stringent action against the officer and compensation for the victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13617615", "title": "Gujarat University to pay more for exam duty", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There is a piece of good news for 35,000 Gujarat University (GU) employees involved in examination and paper assessment duty. Considering inflation and result price hike of almost all essential commodities, the GU has decided to hike the remuneration given to employees who take pat in different stages of exam duty.Officials said that the teachers involved in paper assessment will get more money per paper. Remuneration for teachers assessing papers of first year will now get Rs 7 instead of Rs 5. The second year teachers will get Rs 7.50 instead of Rs 5.50 while the teachers assessing papers of third year will get Rs 8 per paper instead of Rs 6.GU vice chancellor Parimal Trivedi said that 35,000 employees will stand to benefit from this decision. The GU had formed a committee to look into the wages being given to the GU employees involved in exam diuty and suggest the kind of increase that can be implemented.Officials said that the hike will attract more teachers to report for paper assessment duty. Coupled with the fact that teachers are now allowed to assess papers at home, the fact that they will be able to earn Rs 10,000 to Rs 12,000 will be an added attraction. This will also help the cause of students as more teachers assessing the papers will mean better, error free checking.Teachers involved in paper setting will also be getting more. \"Remuneration given to a teacher setting paper for two hours has been increased from Rs 300 to Rs 350 while the teachers involved in setting paper of three hours will get Rs 350 instead of Rs 200 earned earlier.Teachers setting paper of post-graduate courses will earn Rs 450 for each paper set instead of the earlier payment of Rs 200.GU officials said that the income of the university from examinations was Rs 5 crore which has gone upto Rs 30 crore in 2012. \"The GU will bear an additional burden of Rs 2.5 crore to absorb the hike. Dean of commerce faculty ND Shah said the new pay packages for exam duty will result in more teachers attracted towards exam duty. Graduate teachers who were involved in exam duty used to get Rs 70 per day, they will also benefit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13618230", "title": "Women to rule Calangute, Candolim", "text": "The coastal village panchayats of Calangute and Candolim have new women sarpanchas. After the controversies in the run-up to the village panchayat elections to these coastal villages, the results have come as a bit of an anti-climax with the panels floated by the erstwhile ruling groups winning the elections.In neighbouring Saligao, Eknath Oraskar was elected sarpanch. In other coastal villages, Shashi Govekar is the new sarpanch of Nerul panchayat, while Sandeep Bandodkar is the Pilerne sarpanch. In Reis Magos, Subhash Pednekar is the sarpanch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13614911", "title": "Even CM\u2019s visit couldn\u2019t stop Pote\u2019s march to upper house", "text": "AMRAVATI: Despite its strong efforts, the Congress could not wrest the legislative council seat from local body constituency in Amravati when BJP candidate Praveen Pote won the poll on Monday. BJP has thus maintained its winning streak since 12 years.Four candidates including BJP candidate Praveen Pote, Congress candidate Bablu Deshmukh, independent candidate Ajay Nawandar and NCP rebel candidate Ganesh Roy were in fray for the poll.In the second round, Pote secured 50 votes of second preference while Deshmukh secured 24. Pote was declared winner as he got 194 votes while Deshmukh secured 156.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had campaigned for Bablu Deshmukh. He had convened a meeting of the Congress, NCP and other independent candidates to seek the votes for the Congress. It seems that those who promised CM to support the Congress candidate did not keep their promise.Sources had also said that NCP leader Sulabha Khodke would support Pote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13621655", "title": "CLAT results: Lucknow's toppers head to National Law School of India University", "text": "LUCKNOW: Aspiring legal eagles who cracked Common Law Admission Test (CLAT) from Lucknow will pave their way to National Law School of India University (NLSIU), Bangalore. City topper Akshat Agarwal who secured an all India Rank of seven, and Aakarshi Agarwal, who bagged 14th rank consider NLSIU as their first choice. Talking to TOI, Akshat who finished his class XII exams this year, said, \"The rank has come as a shocker to me. And I think now that I have a decent rank, I will get NLSIU where I always wanted to study.\" Akshat, a student of La Martiniere Boys College has secured 96% in class XII. His father, Rohit Agarwal is a businessman while his mother, Mamta Agarwal works with the Union ministry of finance.\"I have always kept myself updated with the current affairs and general aptitude. Regular reading of newspapers has helped me clearing the exam,\" he said he. Akshat has scored a total of 152 marks out of 200.Another top ranker Aakarshi Agarwal too is casting her eyes for NLSIU. \"It is such a coveted institute. Not only it has good quality of teachers, but also encourages students in thinking differently,\" said Aakarshi, adding that NLSIU was always her dream destination. Aakarshi has secured 149 marks out of 200. Among other candidates who secured good ranks were Deepanshi Singh and Prateek Mishra who secured all India rank of 19 and 42 respectively.This year, 13,000 candidates, out of 28,000 who appeared for the exam have shown their inclination to join NLSIU, Bangalore. But only few candidates will be able to get admission as the institute has only 55 seats in general category. The candidates who emerged out successfully have a list of 14 law schools, where they can seek admission. The admissions happen on the basis of merit. Anhad Singh Miglani from Chandigarh emerged out to be the CLAT topper securing 159 marks out of 200.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "13634683", "title": "J&K; high court dismisses petition against DGP Kuldeep Khoda", "text": "SRINAGAR: The Jammu and Kashmir high court today dismissed a writ petition against DGP Kuldeep Khoda seeking registration of a case against the senior police official for his alleged role in a triple murder case in Bhaderwah.Justice Virender Singh announced the order dismissing the petition filed by two widows -- Nazira Begum and Shaheena Begum, wives of victims Fazal Hussain Dar and Mohammad Hussain -- at the Jammu wing of the high court, advocate general Ishaq Qadri told PTI.Qadri had closed the arguments on behalf of the state last Friday after the petitioners' counsel had cited a crime branch report and called for a CBI investigation.The case was heard and disposed by Justice Hasnain Masoodi while Justice Virender Singh announced the judgement.According to the petition, four people-- Fazal Hussain Dar, Mohammad Hussian, Fareed Ahmad and Talib Hussain-- were allegedly picked up by men in a police vehicle on January 3, 1996.While the bodies of three arrested persons were thrown into river Chenab in Jammu division's Bhaderwah district later, one of them Talib Hussain managed to escape from the clutches of men who abducted them and later shared the tale, the petition said.A case was filed with the police after investigations directed by the chief judicial magistrate's court, Bhaderwah. The victims' families, however, not satisfied with the investigation approached the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC). It directed the police's crime branch to investigate the case.Khoda, a 1974-batch IPS officer, retires on May 31 after a tenure of four years and 10 months as DGP. His name is believed to have been recommended by the state government for the post of state's first chief vigilance commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13621659", "title": "Samajwadi Party leader urges cadre to make bandh successful", "text": "State president of the Samajwadi Vyapar Sabha Gopal Agarwal said that the sabha has directed its members and leaders and workers of the Samajwadi Party in all districts in the state to make successful the proposed 'state bandh' on May 31 to protest price rise and unprecedented hike announced by the central government in petrol prices. He alleged that the Congress government throwing all parliamentary norms to the wind announced hike in petrol prices the next day after the Lok Sabha session was over.Govt panel to fill up vacancies: Principal secretary, department of handicapped welfare VN Garg said that the government would soon constitute a panel of experts for filling up posts lying vacant for physically and visually handicapped persons. He said that a Braille press would also be set up at the Blind School at Mohaan Road in Lucknow. Garg said that the government had already issued orders for verification of pensions of the physically challenged persons while officers have been directed to take early action on new pension applications. He said that pension for the physically challenged persons would soon be transferred in their bank accounts.Elected: Following have been elected members of the executive committee of Lucknow Omaxe City Residents' Association. President: Ambreesh C Misra, vice-president: Arvind Kumar Srivastava, general secretary: Praveen Kumar Singh, joint secretary: RS Awasthi, organising secretary: Nilesh Agarwal, treasurer: Krishna K Srivastava, publicity secretary: Neeru Srivastava, cultural secretary: Chandrakanta Singh and auditor: Deepak Bali.American Corner open for public: The American Corner of Isabella Thoburn College Library will be open for public from June 1 between 4 pm and 8 pm for five days in a week (Monday to Friday). The American corner of the IT College library has been actively functioning since its inauguration on April 23. The facilities provided by the centre are: books, videos, audios on various aspects of life and culture of the United States , reference service by information specialist, internet facilities etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13623390", "title": "Desolate patients of mental hospital to get rehab centre", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Government Mental Health Centre at Kuthiravattom will set up a separate rehabilitation centre on its 23-acre hospital campus to provide skill development training for patients cured of their mental illnesses.Hospital authorities say such a centre is essential mainly because relatives of patients are often reluctant to take back the person cured of mental illness to their homes.Currently a rehabilitation centre of the Kozhikode-based Institute of Mental health and Neurosciences (IMHANS) has been imparting training to patients whose family members have not turned up to take them back home.K Abhas, superintendent of the health centre, said the rehab facility will be a miniature version of the one at the National Institute of Mental Health and Neurological Sciences (Nimhans) in Bangalore.The health centre will hire an agency to draw the master plan for the rehab facility. The hospital, as part of its 140{+t}{+h} anniversary, has earmarked Rs 60 lakh to replace the old electrical cables and spruce up the park which was opened by E K Nayanar when he was the chief minister.The hospital has also plans to renovate its existing nine wards and build new ones. Currently the hospital has 544 inmates including remanded prisoners who have been admitted for treatment of mental illnesses. Many among the inmates continue to live in the hospital even though they are fully cured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "cast", "code": "13637721", "title": "Gabbar Singh", "text": "Cast: Pawan Kalyan, Shruti Hassan, Abhimanyu Singh and Ajay Genre: Action Director: SS Rajamouli Music: MM KeeravaniSynopsis:\"Gabbar Singh\" is the Telugu remake of Bollywood blockbuster \"Dabangg\". Power star Pawan Kalyan plays the lead character (Gabbar Singh) a cop, and is posted to his hometown Kondaveedu, which is facing many troubles from Siddhappa Naidu (Abhimanyu Singh), a local goon and political leader.Gabbar Singh has a back story, a tortured childhood with his father dying when he was young and his mother marrying another man. He hates his step father but has to mend fences to fulfill a promise he made to his mother. The rest of the film showcases how Gabbar Singh shatters Siddhappa's political plans and dreams and seeks revenge. Besides, there's a romantic angle to the story in the form of Bhagya Lakshmi (Shruti Haasan).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "13623224", "title": "Lhasa burning: 2 Tibetans set themselves ablaze", "text": "BEIJING: Two men set themselves on fire to protest against the Chinese government in Tibet's capital, Lhasa , in the middle of a large crowd which had gathered to worship the Buddha on Sunday . One of them died while the other is seriously injured.Xinhua, Chinese official news agency, said police rushed to the spot and doused the flames within \"two minutes\" . This is the first self-immolation by Tibetans in Lhasa in recent times indicating that the protest has spread deep in Tibet, thus mounting renewed pressure on the Chinese government.Earlier, there were 34 cases of self-immolations in Tibetan speaking provinces neighbouring Tibet.The self-immolation is being perceived as a challenge to the command and control of the Communist Party and Lhasa-based military personnel , who have so far kept the Tibetan capital free from such protests, sources said.Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Liu Weimin said in Beijing that the \"political motivation behind inciting this kind of harmful incident will not succeed\" .Xinhua quoted Hao Peng, secretary of the Commission for Political and Legal Affairs of the party's Tibet Committee, saying, \"They were a continuation of the self-immolations in other Tibetan areas and these acts were all aimed at separating Tibet from China.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13622122", "title": "24-hour power supply more fiction than fact", "text": "LUCKNOW: Repeated power cuts this summer have raised a question over the city's status of being the one that receives 24-hour supply. Sources in the Lucknow Electricity Supply Administration (Lesa), said that it is not only the rising gap between the demand and supply but also inadequate power infrastructure that has come to pose a challenge to the power authorities entrusted with the responsibility to provide round-the-clock power supply.The Lesa sources said that the existing infrastructure was just not able to cope up with the load that appears to rise alarmingly with the rising day temperatures. At times power supply have to be snapped to prevent long-term damages that may occur to the existing lines and transformers,'' said a sub-divisional officer with the Lesa. While chairman, UPPCL, Avanish Awasthi could not be contacted, Lesa sources said the situation of feeders was being closely monitored every day.In fact, at times feeders need to be switched off during peak hours to ensure that they do not get damaged,'' said an official. Lesa officials admitted of resorting to load-shedding in case of over-loading.Power cuts during peak hours in the past 24 hours have been reported from the localities like Mahanagar, Mahanagar extension, parts of Indiranagar. Outages have become a repeated feature in some localities like Hussainganj. Lesa officials claimed that it is only in some localities where situation has been eased out after installation of higher capacity transformers and separation of feeders.The issue of transmission and line losses, essentially arising out of power theft, has also been a cause of major concern for the local power authorities. Data show that the transmission and distribution losses have been at an alarming 30% of the total power supplied. And it is not only the Old City area where the losses have been touching a figure of over 40%. Case of power theft have been reported from areas like Chinhat, Gomtinagar and even VIP colonies like Dalibagh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13635766", "title": "Chennai literati shines at American Book Awards", "text": "The Honor List of the 2012 South Asia Book Award for Children's and Young Adult Literature has recognized not one but two books from Chennai as being exceptional examples depicting South Asian themes.Following my Paint Brush and Sita's Ramayana are the two books, published by Chennai based Publisher Tara Books, which have achieved this international recognition. The former is the autobiographical tale of Dulari Devi, a domestic worker who went on to become an artist. The text is by Gita Wolf, while the art is by Dulari, who employs her inimitable style of Mithila folk painting from Bihar. The other book Sita's Ramayana is a retelling of the epic Indian mythology from the heroine's perspective. The graphic novel came about as a result of the collaboration between Bangalore based artist Samhita Arni and patua scroll artist Moina Chitrakar. The latter publication had received acclaim from several quarters and had been on the bestseller list of The New York Times as well during the earlier part of 2012.The award ceremony is slated to be held in Madison, Wisconsin, in October this year. The recognition is a clear indicator of the talent emerging from this part of the subcontinent, which seems to have made waves on a global platform.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13619954", "title": "Chandigarh Municipal Corporation cancels all free parking passes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Free parking passes of all categories issued by the Chandigarh Municipal Corporation have been cancelled with the immediate effect and no vehicles with passes will be allowed by the authority from Tuesday and intimation in this regard has been given to all parking contractors. The development has come following the long-run debate over the alleged irregular distribution of parking passes and its misuse by those who are not entitled to avail the facility of free parking.The debate started by BJP councillor Arun Sood, who had raised specific questions over the printing, distribution, entitled categories, loss of public money through these parking and their irregular distribution.During the discussion, he revealed that most of the free parking passes were issued, flouting the rules, to those who do not deserve to avail the facility and only mayor distributed 406 passes whereas she is entitled to take only five passes and thus 401 passes should be recovered. He alleged that a total 3,020 free parking passes have been printed this year, out of which many were distributed to non-deserving people. The passes and its hologram were got printed from a private printer instead of UT's government press office, which publishes all official materials.Levelling counter allegations of BJP-SAD alliance, former mayor and Congress councillor Subash Chawla revealed that in the tenure of Harjinder Kaur over 3,500 passes were printed and probe should be initiated to know how many passes were given in indiscreet manner. He alleged that it is MC officers who are not providing complete data from 2002, since the system of free parking passes introduced in the city and BJP-SAD alliance mayors were also part in this particular tenure.The house got disturbed many times and finally adjourned for the day, even BJP-SAD councillors came in the well of the house and raised slogans. Finally, it was decided that all free parking passes for all categories would be cancelled with immediate effect no such passes would be allowed till the new policy is not framed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13619732", "title": "'Never missed practice while studying'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Outperforming their counterparts both in academics and sports field alike, a host of national sports champions have bagged top slots in the region in the class XII Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) examinations.\"I used to play for two hours in morning and then attend school, go for my tuitions and again play basketball for an hour. I never missed my practice while preparing for board examinations,\" Niharika Bansal, a national-level basketball player, says.Shubhneet, also from the same school, scored 95.4% in commerce stream. He was selected thrice for national chess championship U-17 category. Aman Sandhu, another basketball champion, who scored 93% in commerce, has represented Chandigarh.Having played football at several national tournaments in junior's category, Harleen Kaur Dhillon, who scored 89.2% in non-medical stream, drew inspiration from her father Harbax Singh Dhillon. Dhillon, also a football player, is at present DIG. \"Girls don't often get into this sport, but I wanted to play it drawing inspiration from my father,\" she adds.Grabbing 51 gold medals, 35 silver medals and 15 bronze medals in various national and international tournaments, roller skating champion Bhavdeep Singh Sachdeva from KB DAV School, Sector 7, balanced his act well scoring 87.20% in non-medical stream.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13617292", "title": "Ahmedabad shines in CBSE class XII exams", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Panic and anxiety gave way to joy and smiles as the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) students across the city checked their result on Monday.Various schools of the city registered excellent result with several students scoring above 90% and as usual girls performing better than boys.As many as 238 students had appeared for the exam at Delhi Public School, of which 229 scored more than 60%. Around 50 students scored more than 90%. The average aggregate of the school is 80%, which is 5 % more than last year. Maitreya Naik has topped the school by securing an aggregate of 96%.Of the 78 students who had appeared for exam in science stream at Maharaja Agrasen Vidyalaya, 58 have secured above 75% and all have ensured first division. Aastha Bharwad topped the school's merit list by scoring 95.4% in Science. While in Commerce, of the 39 students who had appeared for the exam, 30 have scored above 75%. By scoring 94.6%, Palak Agarwal became the topper.Students of Udgam School for Children fared in class XII exams with flying colours by ensuring cent per cent result. Neir Gandhi became the topper in science stream with 94.6%, while Purav Shah with 94.4 % was the topper in commerce stream.With 96 %, Anusha Krishnan became the topper in science stream at St Kabir School (Drive-in), while Anish Lalwani scored highest in commerce stream. Registering cent percent result since 1982, this year was no exception for Prakash School. Scoring 95.2 % Nirali Kansara topped in science stream, while Shriya Shah was the topper in commerce stream with 96.4%. Almost 97% students have got distinction in Science, while in Commerce 92.5 % students have got distinction.Of the 54 students who had appeared for class XII (science stream) from DPS, Gandhinagar , 26% have scored more than 80%. Kriti Tripathi with 94.2 % was the topper in Science. While in Commerce, all 26 students have scored above 60% and Aadarsh Deora became the topper with 93.8%.Unstoppable stride of KVs studentsAhmedabad: Kendriya Vidhyalayas (KV) across the state have registered a pass percentage of 91.93 % in class XII result announced by CBSE on Monday. This is 1.53% more than the last year.As many as 2,081 students studying in 37 KVs had appeared for their class XII exam from the state. Of these, 88 students got compartment and 80 students failed in the exam. As many as six KVs including Okha, Vadsar, Gandhidham IPCO, Samana Airforce, Bhuj Cantt and Junagadh registered cent per cent result in the state.Official sources said as many as 1,493 students appeared for the exam and 1,376 cleared it. The pass percentage is 92.16%. While in Commerce, out of 387 students who had appeared for the exam, 358 cleared it bringing the total pass percentage in the stream to 92.51%.The pass percentage was lowest in humanity subject where out of 201 students, only 179 students cleared the exam registering pass percentage of 89.05%. talking to TOI, Snigdha Purohit, a student of KV SAC, who scored 95%, said, \"Support of my parents and teachers has enabled me to score good marks. I am happy that I got 96 marks in Maths as I had really worked hard for this subject as compared to other subjects.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "moscow", "code": "13636713", "title": "Tense tie-break to decide world champion", "text": "MOSCOW: Defending champion Viswanathan Anand will have to fight it out in Rapid chess tiebreaker against challenger Boris Gelfand after a tied 6-6 result in the World Chess Championship match on Wednesday.To start with, there will be four games under rapid chess rules with 25 minutes to each player and a ten seconds increment after every move is made.In case of a 2-2 result, the two will play two blitz games with five minutes each with a three seconds increment.There will be five such matches if the tie persists and finally an Armageddon game will be played with five minutes to white and four to black and white will be forced to win should this arise.The tie-breaker is likely to see a high-tension drama which has been so far amiss from this world championship, which produced just two decisive games apart from ten draws.Playing his third match since winning the world title in a tournament format in 2007, this has been the least absorbing contest in world championship matches for Anand.In 2008, the Indian ace had won three out of four decisive games against Russian Vladimir Kramnik while in 2010 against Veselin Topalov of Bulgaria, Anand had won three out of five decisive games to stake his claim for the world title.It's not only the decisive games but also the intensity in terms of prolonging a serious battle. Out of the ten draws, seven were under move thirty which goes to prove that the players are arriving at nowhere-to-go positions fairly quickly.Totally in 12 games, the average numbers of moves have been less than thirty which is way below the last two matches.Against Kramnik, Anand played 390 moves in all in 11 games averaging over 35 moves a game while against Topalov it was substantially higher at over 60 moves per game in 12 games lasting 627 moves.This year only 351 moves have been played thus far in 12-classical games.In the post-match chat after game-12, Gelfand was a bit defensive on this.\"We are playing for the crown and not only to entertain, besides there are many highly qualified commentators who can explain it to the uninformed spectators,\" he said.As far as the records go in Rapid chess, Anand has practically won everything under the sun except in world championships. The Indian was eliminated in the finals of the 1998 world championship by Anatoly Karpov of Russia and in 1994, he lost to Gata Kamsky of United States in the quarterfinals.Besides, Anand has never been stretched to the tiebreakers in world championship matches, although he has faced some sterner tests when the championship was held in knockout format.Gelfand is no stranger to pressure especially if one considers the current match. The Israeli, it is clear, has given everything to this match and now arrives at a situation when the match cannot be prolonged any further. He will have white pieces in the first game of the tie-break.Between them, Anand and Gelfand have played 28 times in rapid chess and the Indian has won eight, lost one and drawn the remaining.In blitz, they have played seven games with three wins for Anand and the rest being drawn.Anand remains a favourite but this time, he has been pushed too far. According to Vladimir Kramnik, \"Now for sure we'll have an incredibly entertaining last day. Maybe for us it's not so bad. I think it's not a wise decision from Anand's side but for us maybe it's a good thing that happened.\"On Wednesday the world champion will be known.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13624288", "title": "Chetan Bhagat fan too aspires to be an IITian", "text": "JAIPUR: A big Chetan Bhagat fan, Himanshu Khanchandani, who has topped the science stream in Class XII CBSE results in the city, is aspiring to follow in his idol's footsteps.Like Bhagat, Himanshu too wants to make it to one of the IITs. While he has secured an impressive 97% in CBSE exams, Himanshu is not sure if he would be able to make the cut for the IIT this year.\"I am not sure if I will go for it (IIT) this time. I will decide at the time of counseling,\" said Himanshu, who has got a rank of 5237 in the IIT exams.An avid reader, he said, \"I love reading a lot be it course books or Chetan Bhagat novels.\"Himanshu didn't take any coaching, but studied on his own for the exams. \"Hard work is my mantra for success. Without it, one cannot realize one's dreams,\" said a beaming Himanshu.A product of KV1 School, Himanshu spent 5-6 hours everyday on studies. \"For me, night is the best time to study,\" he said.His father is employed with a bank, while his younger sister too aspires to become an engineer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13634111", "title": "No takers for Nagarjuna's Damarukam", "text": "Nagarjuna's high budget graphical extravaganza, Damarukam has been facing trouble to find buyers. This is touted to be the costliest ever film in Nagarjuna career. Eventually, it is also one of the costliest films ever made in Telugu film industry. The estimated budget of this film has gone over Rs. 40 crore which is very high for the business standards of a Telugu film.Damarukam will have to be nothing short of a blockbuster to get back its investment. That seems highly unlikely as Nagarjuna doesn't have huge market. His biggest commercial hit did a business just over Rs. 20 crore and that means Damarukam will have to do two times of Nag's business capacity. RR Movie Makers Venkat is the producer of this film and he has been looking for buyers that invest big in Damarukam.Although the film stills look promising to be a potentially good film, buyers aren't ready to risk so much on it as no one can predict its performance at box office. Despite being a big production house RR Movie Makers too need someone to invest on this film to release it on time. Hope Damarukam turns out to be a movie worth its budget.Source: gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi/imphal", "code": "13614278", "title": "Manipur boy on top of world, does N-E proud", "text": "NEW DELHI/IMPHAL: Nothing is impossible. Mohammad Ismat, 21, had always believed in this mantra, even when it looked like poverty would kill his dreams.\"I believed I could do it. I have a strong conviction that everything is possible if you are determined. It's a matter of great pride for me that I managed to achieve my goal,\" says Manipur's youngest poster boy, minutes after the CBSE Class XII results were declared on Monday.And, he has done it in style. The boy from a distant Manipur village has topped this year's CBSE exam with a score of 495 out of 500 - 99%-becoming the first student from the Northeast to achieve the feat. Ismat scored 98 in English, 97 in Physics and a perfect 100 in Mathematics, Chemistry, Painting and Home Science (his additional subject).It's an amazing turn of events for a boy who nearly couldn't fill his exam registration form for Class XII because of financial constraints. Son of a primary schoolteacher, money always came in the way of his dreams. \"I had to work really hard. I belong to a very poor family. Getting even the most common reading material was a challenge,\" says Ismat, who belongs the Muslim-dominated Lilong Haoreibi village in Thoubal district, 20 km from Imphal. The village barely gets two-three hours of electricity every day. Despite the odds, Ismat says he managed to \"put in eight to ten hours of study every day and thanks to the support of my school I managed to come out successful\".That school is Zenith Academy in Imphal whose principal, S M Singh, paid his exam fee. Singh describes his star pupil as an ambitious, honest and simple student. \"He stayed with me most of the time and I tried to give him whatever help I could. He is physically weak and I had to keep telling him to take a break as he would study for hours together.\"The only boy among seven siblings, Ismat began his schooling in a local English school before switching to Kendriya Vidyalaya in Imphal. After Class VIII, he joined Sainik School in Imphal, scoring 94.2% in the Class X CBSE exam. But he could not continue as his parents could not afford the fees. \"Even after doing well in Class X, I could not get admission to any good school because of this,\" he says.That was when destiny played its part. \"Sir S M Singh accepted my admission application without charging much. It is with his guidance that I have come out with flying colours,\" says Ismat. Now, of course, it's only the \"best\" college for him. \"I would like to study physics (honours) in St Stephen's. After that I would like to join the civil services and, hopefully, make a difference to my state,\" says Ismat.He may be already doing that. K K Choudhury, regional officer of CBSE (Northeast Region), points out that this is the first time a student from the Northeast has come out on top, beating the best schools across the country. \"It is indeed a great achievement. We hope this is the beginning and we get more such brilliant students from the region every year,\" he says. Ismat's father Bashirur Rahman is a very happy man today. \"My son has achieved what nobody from the Northeast could. I hope his feat inspires others,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13614161", "title": "Delhi budget: RWAs welcome hike in Bhagidari fund", "text": "NEW DELHI: Welcoming the move to increase funds for the 'My Delhi I Care' programme from Rs 5 crore to Rs 45 crore this year, residents' welfare associations have cautioned that the scheme will be successful only if the funds are utilized within the year.The My Delhi I Care Fund is a monitoring system to \"involve citizens in upkeep and protection of their habitat through partnership with the government\". It was launched in 2008 to attract citizen groups registered under the government's Bhagidari scheme to contribute to various micro projects and maintenance works designed to improve their immediate environment.\"The scheme was started so that the development works required in each colony, habitat and locality may be suggested by the people through their RWA. In view of the increasing number of requirements proposed by RWAs in each district, I propose to increase the provision for this scheme from Rs 5 crore in 2011-12 to Rs 45 crore in 2012-13. From this financial year, each district can execute works annually up to Rs 5 crore. This should increase substantially the number of development works that can be taken up in each colony in a year,\" said CM Sheila Dikshit in her budget speech.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13637003", "title": "Only Kolkata will rule: Shah Rukh Khan", "text": "KOLKATA: The City of Joy accorded a grand welcome to Kolkata Knight Riders for their IPL triumph, with chief minister Mamata Banerjee felicitating the players and co-owners Shah Rukh Khan and Juhi Chawla in front of the Writers' Buildings on Tuesday.\"We have been waiting for this day so long. Thank you Didi. Thank You Kolkata. Thank you West Bengal on behalf of every member of the team. Only Kolkata will rule,\" SRK, who is also the brand ambassador of West Bengal, said at the reception amidst thunderous cheers from hundreds of people as confetti rained from above.Captain Gautam Gambhir said, \"Thank you Didi. It is a fantastic support that we have received from the people of Kolkata and Bengal.\"Banerjee, dressed in a white sari with a purple border, the color of the team's jersey, said, \"Bengal is proud. The victory of the Knight Riders is like a victory of the world.\"Earlier, Kolkata turned purple and gold as thousands of people lined up the entire route from Hazra crossing, near the chief minister's Harish Chatterjee Street residence, to Writers Buildings, a distance of five kilometre, to witness the victory parade of the team aboard a flower-bedecked trailer.People not only lined the streets, but also crammed vantage points on rooftops and balconies as the victory procession passed.The team members, who stepped off the team bus at Hazra a little past 11:00 am, arrived at Writers' at 12:20 pm where the chief minister, railway minister Mukul Roy and cabinet ministers were waiting for them.A dais had been constructed before the central gate of the state secretariat, with a huge banner 'Knights Become Kings, Bengal Celebrates' to welcome the team.Shah Rukh and Juhi Chawla drove down a little later. The chief minister, helped by the railway minister, personally handed bouquets and scarves to Gautam Gambhir and team members as well as SRK and Chawla.Banerjee posed with the IPL cup with Gambhir and then with SRK.After the 13-minute programme, the chief minister boarded the team bus with the players and headed for the Eden Gardens, a short distance away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13621729", "title": "Last-over rush for mayor and men", "text": "KOLKATA: Kolkata Knight Riders needed nine runs off the last six balls and smacked 10 for good measure. Kolkata Municipal Corporation is facing its own last-over test of nerves as it scrambles to make 25 gold medallions overnight for the winning team and get Eden Garden ready for a grand reception on Tuesday.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has entrusted trusted lieutenant, mayor Sovan Chatterjee, with this Herculean task. The mayor was seen at the Eden on Monday evening, inspecting the arrangements with all seriousness to live up to Didi's expectations.But with less than 24 hours to prepare, a section of Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) officials kept its fingers crossed, especially regarding the 25 gold medallions they have been asked to keep ready along with several other gifts for the cricketers.\"We are not worried about the gifts. But, we need some time to buy the gold medallions. We have planned to place orders with a reputable jeweller, but we are not sure that they will be able to deliver on such short notice,\" said a senior KMC official on Monday afternoon.The officials have been asked to arrange for traditional gifts like shawls, craft items and of course Kolkata's famous sweets. \"We will give them packets of sandesh from a famous shop adjacent to Hedua swimming pool in north Kolkata,\" a KMC official said.The mayor, who went to bed at midnight after watching KKR's victory lap, was summoned by the chief minister Mamata Banerjee to Writers' Buildings on Monday afternoon. \"As the mayor of Kolkata, it is your responsibility to organize a breathtaking reception at Eden Gardens. You must ensure that the programme is well managed and attracts the attention of thousands who will gather at the Eden to watch the KKR cricketers and its owner,\" Mamata reportedly told him.In the hour-long meeting, the chief minister reportedly instructed her ministers on how to make the KKR reception a grand affair.Chatterjee wasted no time. He rushed to the KMC headquarters and chalked out plans. \"I have been asked to organize the reception at the Eden Garden. We are planning this event on a war-footing,\" Chatterjee said on Monday afternoon.The chief minister is reportedly excited about the reception. At an event in Dankuni, she said: \"It is our victory. Please come to Eden to watch the felicitation.\" There will be two gates at Eden specially earmarked for spectators from Howrah and Hooghly, Mamata has promised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13622125", "title": "IPS vacancies, courtesy Sushanto case 'mistake'", "text": "KOLKATA: A faux pas relating to the Sushanto Ghosh case has stalled the filling up of vacancies in the posts of IPS officers in Bengal. The revision has been pending for more than two years, but the alleged \"mistaken\" suspension of one of the officers on the list has left the IPS force short of strength in the state.The officer is among 25 who would have been upgraded from West Bengal Police Service (WBPS) cadre to IPS. There are 69 promotee IPS officers in Bengal, leaving 36 vacancies. Bengal's total cadre strength is 347, which is the highest in the country. And, 105 of them should be promotee WBPS officers who are upgraded after putting in around 20 years of service. Generally, those in the rank of additional SPs would be entitled to these promotions.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee is worried about the shortage of IPS officers. The last cadre review was made in August 2011.Sources say that when the list of 25 was sent to the ministry of home affairs (MHA) and the UPSC, the officials found that one of them had been accused of criminal negligence. This officer was the zonal DSP in West Midnapore in 2002 when an incident relating to former CPM minister Sushanto Ghosh took place in Anandpur police station area.Apparently, the additional SP, Lalbag (in Murshidabad district), was the zonal DSP in the district's controversial Anandpur police station was under his jurisdiction around the timeGhosh and five others were arrested on August 9 last year after seven skeletons were dug up from near his ancestral house at Benachapra in West Midnapore last year. The FIR was filed by the son of one of the alleged victims at former CPM minister was arrested on the basis of FIRs filed against him on June 4 atAnandpur police station after missing Trinamool Congress worker Ajoy Acharya's son claimed that he had recognised his father from the clothes found on one of the skeletons.Ajoy alleged that his father was among seven Trinamool Congress workers who were abducted by CPM cadres at Piyasala village in 2002. The seven have been missing ever since.A senior MHA official told TOI from Delhi: \"We could not issue the notification for IPS officers in Bengal because UPSC hadn't cleared the list which has one candidate with a criminal record.\" Sources say that UPSC found that the criminal charge against the officer wasn't justified even though he had been suspended. The state home department, when asked to furnish proof of the charges, failed to come up with a suitable reply.\"The officer was involved in a criminal case which couldn't be proved. Therefore, we asked the state government to clear his name. They still haven't got back to the UPSC, leaving us in the dark about the whole thing,\" the MHA official said. Every year, each state, through the MHA, comes up with a select list of state police service officials who are one-third of the total strength of IPS officers. In May, 2012, even small states like Nagaland , Meghalaya and Assam and larger ones like Maharashtra, Kerala, Madhya Pradesh and Himachal Pradesh have updated their cadre strength.A state official said: \"The list of 25 was prepared after a prolonged process of selection, but it has been held up for a completely different reason. An entire batch of officers has not been able to make it to IPS because of a mistake relating to only one officer.\" Sources revealed that a senior official in the state police wrote against the officer to the home department, highlighting his \"criminal negligence\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13620626", "title": "Setback for Congress in council polls", "text": "MUMBAI: The Congress on Monday lost two of the three seats it had contested in the elections to the state legislative council. Of the total six legislative council seats that went to polls on May 25, BJP retained two and NCP won the other two seats and retained the Nashik seat.Earlier, both the Sena and NCP candidates polled 221 votes each for the Nashik local bodies' seat. After consultating the election commission, officials conducted a draw of lots and declared NCP candidate Jayant Jadhav elected.The Congress retained Latur, where Dilip Deshmukh, younger brother of former CM and Union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh, was re-elected for a third time with 666 votes. The party, however, lost Chandrapur and Amravati, where BJP's Nitesh Bhangadia and Praveen Pote polled 403 and 194 votes each. NCP retained Raigad and Parbhani seats, held by Congress but was allotted to NCP as pre-poll understanding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13621895", "title": "Girls surge ahead of boys in CBSE class XII results", "text": "LUCKNOW: Girls took top slots in the class XII results announced by the Central Board of Secondary Education on Monday. Aditi Jain of Bal Bharti Public School, Noida stood first with 98% marks in Allahabad region. Aksha Srivastava of Rani Lakshmi Bai Memorial Senior Secondary School and Supriya Sharma from Lucknow Public School, both from Lucknow shared the second place securing 97.6%.This year, 80.10% girls have cleared the exam as compared to 65.58% boys. In 2011, 81.52% girls passed in comparison to 68.32% boys. In Allahabad region which consists of Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand , the overall pass percentage dipped to 70.68% as against 73% recorded last year.At RLB, 1750 students appeared for the exam, out of which around 97% cleared the exams. As many as 118 students secured above 90%, while 16 scored above 95% marks. Last year, the pass percentage at RLB was 99% with 90 students securing above 90% and six students scoring above 95%. Director, RLB group of schools, Jaipal Singh said, \"This is the first ever highest score secured by a student since the school has started running. It is certainly a proud moment for us.\"Among top four rank holders at Cathedral Senior Secondary School, three are girls. Katyayani Agarwal from the school secured 93.8%, Nawal Gazala and Shivani Sandeep scored 98.4%. At Delhi Public School (DPS), Eldeco, Shreya Shukla occupied the top place with 95.6% marks followed by Deepali Singh with 94.4% marks. Out of 61 students who appeared for class XII exams from DPS, Eldeco, eight students got above 90% marks.A total of 92.9% students passed class XII exams from Kendriya Vidyalaya (KV), Aliganj. Last year, 95.9% students cleared the exams. Citing reasons behind the fall in percentage, KV principal, CK Ojha said, \"This year, students scored poor in physics, as the paper was tough. Perhaps, this is a subject where student could have secure cent percent marks.'' He informed that out of 181 students who took the exam, only 10 have secured above 90% marks with Shruti securing highest of 95.8% marks. Aman Shrivastava secured 93.6% and topped KV Gomtinagar.At Study Hall, the top rank was bagged by Bhawya Kumar with 94.4% followed by Neha Tandon with 93.2%. A total of 140 students took the exam, of which 14 secured above 90% marks. According to school vice-principal, Meenakshi, the school average stood at 76.80%.The top ranker at Lucknow Public Collegiate was Sarbjot Singh securing 91.4% marks. Here, more than 80% students secured first division marks. From Lucknow Public School, Rae Bareilly Road, Abhishek Satwat bagged the first position with 94.2% marks followed by Rahul Joshi who secured 91.6% marks.Anirudh Kulkarni and Tirath Raj Dwivedi occupied the first and second place with 96.2% and 95.8% marks respectively from Army Public School. Out of 260 students who appeared for the exams, 27 secured above 90% marks. In Central Academy, Swatantra Kumar with 95.2% was a top ranker.In Allahabad region, a total of 1,44,820 of which 94,389 were boys and 50,431 were girls. As many as 60,621 boys passed the exam, whereas 17,073 failed, and 14,712 got compartment. Performing better, 40,121 girls passed the exam, while 4,064 failed and 5,887 got compartment. Thirteen students were booked for using unfair means in this year's exam from Allahabad region, said the assistant secretary, CBSE, Allahabad region Ranbir Singh said, \"Around 13 students were booked under unfair means during the exams.\"Among all the regions, Chennai scored the highest overall pass percentage of 90.59. And nationally too, the girls have fared better than the boys. As against 75.8% boys, 86.2% girls have cleared the exams. The total pass percentage of the country stood at 80.1%, a fall of 0.69% over last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13621198", "title": "Sky is the limit for propaganda in Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: Hundreds of posters and banners are plastered on buildings, poles and even the walls of residential accommodations in Kitchlu Nagar and Udham Singh Nagar by the candidates contesting for the councillor seats in their respective areas. The residents have expressed their unhappiness over the municipal corporation's attitude towards this menace and demand their immediate removal reasoning that these are defacing the city.Talking about these ugly hoardings hogging the skyline, the residents complain that there is no check on this nuisance created by the contesting candidates, who have not left any stone unturned for attracting the attention of voters. Further, they add that these huge life-size hoardings even cause accidents as they distract the driver while driving. Residents suggest that candidates should campaign door-to-door instead of defacing the city.A businessman and resident of Kitchlu Nagar, A P Singh said, ''A poster has been pasted on the outer wall of my house and it's simply disgraceful and ugly. During Punjab Assembly elections, the election commission was very strict and even MC officials were fast to swing into action but now all of them have slipped back into slumber.'' He adds, ''Ludhiana is already one of the most polluted cities in the country, now do the authorities want the tag of the most defaced city too? It's time for the authorities do something abut these hoadings and banners.''Another businessman and resident of Udham Singh Nagar, Satwinder Singh, said, ''For the past 15 days, the number of hoardings have been constantly increasing with each passing day - so much so that the entire city is dotted with these now. Worse, the candidates did not even leave the walls of public parks and have been putting these wherever they find space.'' He adds, ''Ironically, the rules are being flouted by the so-called aspiring leaders, themselves. This sure does speak volumes for their sincerity.''On the other hand, the civic authorities are claiming to be active in removing these hoardings and banners as soon as they spring up. ''We are doing our best to keep the city clean, but whenever there are two to three public holidays in a row these hoardings multiply. Nevertheless, we conduct regular drives to remove these,'' said an MC official who declined to be named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13620636", "title": "Delhi budget: Not a pre-poll budget: Sheila", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when the city is reeling under the impact of inflation and a much weakened rupee, chief minister Sheila Dikshit said her budget was \"people-friendly and situation-friendly\". She refused to accept, as many observers were saying, that it was election-oriented and that the measures proposed for the social sector were just sops for the poor. \"For me this budget is for 'roti, shiksha and swasthya' for all citizens,\" she said.Skill upgradation and opportunities for self-employment will be the focus areas in the days to come. The government will also concentrate on development of road infrastructure projects.\"We know we are going to face elections next year, but please remember all our budgets in the last few years have been people-friendly. This budget was not prepared keeping in mind the elections,\" she said after she was done with the job. She added that elections could not be predicted a year-and-a-half in advance. \"Everyone thought that we would lose in 2008 but we won. So how can we say what will happen next year,\" the CM asked.When questioned about the five per cent VAT imposed on CNG, Dikshit said she cannot promise that there would not be any hike in bus and taxi fares. But she refused to see this increase of Rs 1.77 per kg of CNG as a burden on people though autos, buses and taxis running on CNG are the common man's primary mode of transport.\"We have imposed VAT on CNG as this is one avenue of revenue generation which we had not touched so far. But neighboring states of UP and Haryana have already levied VAT on CNG. Hence we thought of introducing the tax. Let's see what happens. Since it is public transport which runs on CNG, the government will absorb much of the impact,\" Dikshit said. Dikshit said that the budget was coming at a time when the 12th Five Year Plan was taking off and hence the document contained many more proposals and schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13631789", "title": "Big producers don't want to work with me: Javed Akhtar", "text": "Prominent powerful producers and not just the vocal Mukesh Bhatt are up in arms against Javed Akhtar for fighting for copyright amendement in favour of lyricists and singers. Significantly in the last two years ever since he became vocal about intellectual property Javed Akhtar has been doing no lyrics or dialogues for any of the big banners in Bollywood except his son Farhan Akhtar's banner.Yashraj Films, Dharma Productions and other prestigious production houses have been discreetly staying away from Javed Akhtar.In a shocking admission poet-lyricist Javed Akhtar who has been fighting a long and lone battle for a change in copyright rules for lyricists and music directors in the Indian film industry, says he was rendered nearly jobless because of his fight for intellectual property.Says Javed, \"It is true the big producers didn't want to work with me. I was without work for the past few years. But now that the amendment is a reality I don't mind a life-time ban. Producers can stop giving me work completely. But royalty to unhein denee hi padegi. This amendment in the Rajya Sabha is like an elephant passing through the eye of a needle.\"Javed Akhtar is certain that within a month the amendment will be a reality. \"Hopefully this week it will be passed in the Lok Sabha as well, and then it's just a matter of time.\"Adds Javed, \"Lataji's approval of the amendment is for me the final seal.\"Reacting to Mukesh Bhatt's barb about Javed being in Kapil Sibal's durbar just as Tansen used to be in Akbar's durbar, Javed quipped, \"There's bound to be resentment. I am prepared for it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13633142", "title": "Hasselhoff to play a celebrity lifeguard in Piranha 3DD", "text": "The film will release in English, Hindi, Tamil &amp; Telugu Produced by Mark Canton and Joel Soisson, Piranha 3DD is the sequel to the 2010 comic-horror film Piranha 3D, which was a highly successful film at the Indian and International box-office. Multivision Multimedia is all set to bring the highly anticipated Piranha 3DD to India next month. The film will see a pan-India release on 15th June 2012 across 350 screens in 3D.Like its predecessor, Piranha 3DD not only will be equipped with bone-chilling scares, flesh-eating Piranhas and sexy &amp; young victims but it also promises to raise the bar with double the action and double the fun. On top of that, the movie boasts of a lot of underwater sequences that will look all the more exciting as it comes in 3D experience this summer.The movie is set in a giant water park where the blood-thirsty Piranhas wreak havoc on the unassuming summer visitors. Piranha 3DD is directed by John Gulager , who has earlier directed a much-acclaimed horror movie called 'Feast'.Commenting on the release of Piranha 3DD, Amit Jethani, Director, Multivision Multimedia states, \"The movie couldn't have been timed better. Piranha 3DD is a fun summer movie that the audiences have been waiting for. We plan to release this across India in English and three Indian languages - Hindi, Tamil &amp; Telugu. We are quite hopeful that the response to the movie will be above our expectations.\"Piranha 3DD stars Christopher Llyod, Katrina Bowden , Ving Rhames , David Koechner , Paul Scheer , Gary Busey , Danielle Panabaker , Matt Bush and Chris Zylka.Interestingly, 'Baywatch' fame David Hasselhoff will be seen as a celebrity lifeguard in the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13620338", "title": "Petition against petrol price hike", "text": "MUMBAI: The government should set up a regulatory commission to ensure uniformity in prices of petroleum products, states a public interest litigation filed in the Bombay high court.The petition has been filed by a businessman, Rajendra Phanse, against the May 23 increase in petrol prices. The PIL says the Union government, through the ministry of petroleum and natural gas, took a hasty decision on a public policy without the Parliament's approval and when it was not in session.The PIL says there is variation in petrol rates in the country (Rs 58.06 per litre in Port Blair and Rs 81.75 per litre in Bangalore). In his petition, Phanse states that time has come for the government to form a petrol, diesel, CNG and LPG regulatory commission for \"uniform\" pricing of petroleum products and placing the same for approval before the Parliament. The petition also states that exorbitant petrol rates affect a citizen's constitutional right to move freely throughout the country.Phanse's petition has urged for direction to fix petrol prices uniformly throughout India on a par with the rate in Port Blair and for a rollback of the Rs 7.50 per litre hike.The matter was mentioned on Monday before the vacation division bench of Justice R Y Ganoo and Justice Nitin Jamdar by Phanse's advocate V P Patil. \"The matter is of grave urgency. There is also a call for Bharat Bandh on May 31,'' said Patil.The judges directed him to give notice to all the respondents, including Indian Oil Corporation Ltd , Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd and Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd , and posted the matter for hearing on May 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13619340", "title": "New set of rakes to get paan-friendly colours", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation's (MRVC) experiment with white-and-purple rakes has come to an end after they were introduced on the suburban rail network in 2007.The rakes have become an eyesore with paan and gutkha stains on the exteriors as they are difficult to erase or dilute even after an intensive wash at maintenance yards. The railways use around 500 litres of water to wash a rake, and the average cost of cleaning one 12-car rake is Rs 25,000.A senior MRVC official said, \"We have awarded fresh consultancy to the National Institute of Design (NID), Ahmedabad, for a new colour scheme for the 72 rakes that are to be delivered next year.\" NID will choose a colour scheme keeping in mind the new rakes will have a stainless-steel body, as against corten steel in the earlier ones.MRVC officials said they had told NID to choose colours closest in shade to the old, reddish brown-and-yellow rakes as they camouflaged the stains to a large extent. Seventy-five white-and- purple 12-car rakes had been procured under the Mumbai Urban Transport Project up to 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13635354", "title": "I Have My Own Style: Amala Paul", "text": "Amala Paul has a reputation for being smart, stylish and savvy. A few words with the actress will show you that the reputation is well deserved.When asked about her style, she said this to a leading daily \"I have my own sense of style and I do not copy others. I create my own and that is what will give anyone recognition. Every year, many actresses come into the film industry but only very few are remembered. To be remembered, we need to have our own identity\".Amala Paul is going to be seen opposite Mega Power Star Ram Charan in the action entertainer which is being directed by V.V.Vinayak.Source: www.haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13618952", "title": "Decision on medium of instruction before new academic year: CM", "text": "PANAJI: A decision on the controversial medium of instruction (MoI) issue will be taken before the new academic year begins and care will be taken to see that the children do not suffer, said chief minister Manohar Parrikar .Speaking to media persons on the sidelines of a private function in Panaji , Parrikar said, \"I can guarantee you that before schools reopen the government will take a clear cut decision on the medium of instruction without any hesitation.\"Parrikar also said that he does not have to hurry up with the decision,\"If I have to consult some people let me consult. Besides, I have already consulted many people on the issue.\"Parrikar also said that MoI issue is a very delicate issue and that he will take a decision so that children do not suffer. The chief minister also said that the MoI issue cropped up because of poor quality of education in government schools.Last year, Parrikar had opposed the Digambar Kamat government's decision to give grants to English medium primary schools. Later, when assembly elections were declared, he spoke of a 'via media' solution and assured an amicable solution to it if elected to power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "13612939", "title": "ISI chief Zahir-ul-Islam's US visit put off: Pak military", "text": "ISLAMABAD: New ISI chief Lt Gen Zahir-ul-Islam has put off a scheduled visit to the United States due to \"pressing commitments\" within Pakistan, the military said on Monday.A spokesman for the Inter-Services public relations, the military's media arm, said Islam's visit to the US had been \"postponed due his pressing commitments here\".The spokesman did not give details about the commitments. \"There is no other reason for postponing the visit,\" the spokesman said.No new date was announced for the visit. The move came against the backdrop of strains in the relations between Pakistan and the US over the reopening of NATO supply routes to Afghanistan and American drone attacks in Pakistan's tribal belt.A report in The News daily about the postponement of Islam's visit had said that \"contacts between the defence establishments of the two countries are still at the lowest ebb\".Islam, who became the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) chief in March, was scheduled to travel to the US this week at the invitation of CIA chief David Petraeus.Islam replaced Lt Gen Ahmad Shuja Pasha, who retired in March after being given two extensions.Pakistan closed the NATO supply lines after a cross-border attack from Afghanistan killed 24 Pakistani soldiers in November last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13619367", "title": "Meritorious son of brilliant father", "text": "KANPUR: The adage 'like father like son' stands true for Amit and Dewang Agrawal, the father son duo. Dewang emerged as city topper in CBSE class XII by securing 96.4% marks and made his father Amit proud. The latter made his father Brij Mohan Agrawal feel proud when he passed out from IIT-Kanpur in 1990.Dewang's grandfather Brij Mohan was also a meritorious student and graduated from metallurgy department of IIT-Mumbai in 1962. Dewan is a student of Florets International school in Panki. He was taught by his father.Dewang was also selected in IIT-JEE, the results of which were declared on May 18 and secured 796 AIR. Dewang has managed to get Manmohan Singh Scholarship awarded to him by Cambridge University. He has also bagged John Hopkins Scholarship, where he would be getting $53,000.Talking to TOI, Dewang said that though he has cleared Joint Entrance Exam (JEE) for IIT but he would be seeking admission in the University of Cambridge to pursue masters of engineering. He was quick to add that he had never hoped of topping the city.When asked why would he study in Cambridge and not in IIT, Dewang replied that Cambridge is ranked number one in the world. He would pursue PhD course from the same university.The meritorious student has also developed a website with the name Indian Young Scientist Network (www.iysn.org) which is meant to spread awareness about science. The website aims at the development of science and imparts knowledge to the people about the innovations and inventions and technologies evolving across the globe. Dewang manages the website and finds working on it as his favourite pass-time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13616276", "title": "Delhi HC stays CIC order against its own officer", "text": "NEW DELHI: A row within the Central Information Commission reached the Delhi High Court on Monday, which issued notice to information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi.Justice Vipin Sanghi's notice came on a plea by Aakash Deep Chakravarti, an IAS officer serving as the joint secretary (law) in the CIC, after he leveled personal allegations against the IC accusing him of \"high handedness\" and \"malafide intent\" towards him.HC also stayed further proceedings initiated by Gandhi against the officer. In his plea, Chakravarti claimed Gandhi went beyond his jurisdiction to start an inquiry against him even though the complaint against the IAS officer was being examined by a larger bench of the CIC and this fact had been conveyed to Gandhi.Appearing for the officer, advocate Rajiv Bansal informed the court that Gandhi's decision to launch inquiry against his client smacked of arbitrariness, more so when it was started unilaterally, with Chakravarti not even being asked to give his version of the events. As per the petition, in February last year, an RTI applicant sent a letter to the bureaucrat seeking a \"one to one\" discussion but when the officer ignored it the applicant filed an RTI demanding to know action taken on his letter. When the information officer informed the applicant that his letter contained no request for information and was in fact an incoherent letter, the latter chose to go in appeal arguing his RTI has been ignored by the CPIO.Later, when the letter came back again to Chakravarti he replied to the RTI applicant pointing out the lacunas, prompting the applicant to file a second appeal in which, as per the petition before HC, a hearing was conducted and inquiry initiated by Gandhi on the ground that facts before the IC \"appeared to be incompatible with documents in the file\".On learning about the inquiry that began without him being informed Chakravarti approached the Chief Information Commissioner who constituted a larger bench. Despite this, the petitioner informed HC, Gandhi chose to pass an order against him, leaving him no option but to approach HC.\"Contradictory stand take by Gandhi is shocking and appaling and indicates personal bias against the petitioner,\" CHakravarti alleged in his plea claiming because of this Gandhi is \"already under directions/instructions not to take up any new cases\". However he adds a caveat that the officer has not been able to verify this fact and cant take responsibility for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13613666", "title": "Maheshwar assembly by-election: Tough competition on the horizon", "text": "BHOPAL: A fierce electoral battle is on cards for the Maheshwar reserved assembly seat in Madhya Pradesh that goes for by-polls on June 12. The voters in Maheshwar will elect its representative for a short period of just one-and a half years before the state's assembly polls next year.By-election to Maheshwar (SC) seat was necessitated after the Congress MLA Vijaylaxmi Sadho was elected to the Rajya Sabha in 2010. The seat remained vacant till now as an election petition was pending before the court.The ruling BJP has got high stakes in this by-election as it gears to wrest the seat from the Congress, which had won the seat by a thin margin of 673 votes in the December 2008 assembly elections.In the last election, Congress nominee Vijay Laxmi Sadho had won the election, defeating her nearest BJP rival Rajkumar Mev.Now, the BJP has nominated Mev again to try his electoral fortunes while the Congress obliged the Sadho family-which had represented the constituency for several years-by nominating Devendra Sadho, brother of Vijaylaxmi.Maheshwar has been a traditional bastion of the Congress, which had won nine out of the 13 elections held since independence.BJP candidates won twice from this constituency while in two other elections Jan Sangh and Janata Party nominees won the polls.Congress had always banked on the influence of Sadho family for a victory as Sitaram Sadho represented the constituency for five times and later his daughter Vijaylaxmi won four elections from Maheshwar.\"Though the constituency has been considered as a stronghold of Congress, BJP is confident that the by-election results would go the way of Sonkatch and Kukshi by-poll which were wrested by the BJP\", state BJP media cell in-charge Dr Hitesh Bajpai told TOI.Congress insiders said initial differences among local party leaders, who indulged in a rat race for party ticket to contest from Maheshwar, may not affect the poll prospects as the party would retain its tradit- ional seat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13636242", "title": "I was raised to be humble: Asif Ali", "text": "Asif Ali is undoubtedly Mollywood's fastest rising star. At 26, the actor has already developed a strong fan-base, winning the hearts of the audience with his memorable performances in flicks such as Traffic, Salt 'N Pepper and Sevenes. With fame coming at such an early age, youngsters in showbiz often tend to sacrifice on their social life. However, Asif says he's having the time of his life and has never lost out on time with his friends and family because of his profession. \"Fame has never been a problem. I'm someone who still enjoys an unrestrained college lifestyle and on my off days, I make sure I have a blast with my friends just like anybody my age,\" he says. \"You could spot us chilling out regularly at cafe joints in Ernakulam .\" The reason for having such freedom could be the youngster's professional approach to his career. \"Acting is a profession just like any other and in my short career I have tried to build the image of a good artist instead of a hero. More than playing a lead role, I'm adamant at playing a good character in the film, no matter the length of the role,\" explains Asif, most of whose movies have featured an ensemble cast. One thing industry insiders tells us has worked for the actor is his humility - be it to his co-actors, crew or the seniors in Mollywood. Quiz him on if it's a conscious act to climb his way and the actor says, \"I was always softspoken and raised to be humble. It's not like I categorise people as my co-stars, seniors and media and change my colours according to the situation. I have kept it real before and after entering the industry.\" With his professional approach and the right attitude, Asif is definitely a star in the reckoning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13615981", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation violated norms to spend Rs 50L public money", "text": "NAGPUR: This can be termed as nothing less than a scam by Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). The civic body has spent public money to the tune of Rs 50 lakh on nine rooms which were allotted to political parties when actually there is no official provision for such an expenditure or facility.According to information obtained under Right to Information (RTI) Act by the leader of opposition group Vikas Thakre, the general administration department (GAD) had allotted office rooms to four political parties - NCP, Shiv Sena , BSP and RJD-Lokmanch - on March 23, 2007 following directives of the then mayor Devrao Umredkar. Later, more office rooms were allotted to another four political parties - RPI Aghadi-Bahujan Republican Ekta Manch, MNS, Adim Samvidhan Sanrakshan Samiti and independent corporators group - on October 25, 2007. This time the directives to the effect were issued by the then mayor Maya Iwnate.Another office room was also allotted to Muslim League but has no mention about it in the RTI details. A total of nine such offices were allotted to political parties. The RTI document makes it very clear that these office rooms were actually meant for department heads but were allotted to political parties by bypassing the rules and regulation. As if this was not sufficient, political parties also had their say in which office rooms they would occupy. When four political parties were allotted office rooms on the first floor, they insisted on occupying the ones on the ground floor.Of the eight political parties, Muslim League and Adim Samvidhan Sanrakshan Samiti had just one corporator each and MNS had two corporators.The RTI details reveal that the civic body had deployed six class-IV employees as attendants for these office rooms. NMC spent Rs 33.31 lakh towards salaries of these six staffers. The actual expenditure on these party office rooms is much more than Rs 33.31 lakh, sources told TOI. \"Offices were renovated after being allotted to the political parties costing at least a few more lakhs. Office rooms allotted to four political parties also had antechambers. Apart from cell phone and SIM cards facility, these offices were given a landline, electricity and water connection along with stationary. After calculating all these expenses the total cost incurred on NMC in maintaining these office rooms for various political parties turns out to be a whopping Rs 50 lakh,\" sources informed.The NMC carried out all these expenses by spending public money collected through various taxes. This irresponsible expenditure by the civic body will come up for discussion during the general body special meeting scheduled for May 30. The ruling party is likely to face the brunt for spending such a huge amount without official provision.Thakre told TOI that the civic body can spend public money only as per NMC's CNC Act or bylaws of the state government. \"But in this case, huge amounts were spent on party office rooms by violating the norms. NMC should recover the entire expenditure. The BJP-led ruling party violated the norms just to woo party leaders,\" he alleged.Leader of ruling party Praveen Datke said, \"The decision to allot office rooms to the political parties is justified. Citizens come to the party leaders with various problems. The party leaders are available at the office rooms to address citizens' problems. In case of lack of such office rooms, where will the party leaders meet the citizens? I thank mayor Anil Sole for directing the officials to take a policy decision in this regard.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13624677", "title": "CBSE class XII exam results: Most Pune schools secure 100% results", "text": "PUNE: The Std XII results of the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) brought cheers to the city, with most schools registering 100% results. Many science students from these schools have already cracked various entrance examinations for further study in professional courses.Over 700 city students appeared for the examinations this year.The Delhi Public School has registered 100% result this year as well. Bhavik Rasyara, topper of the school's science stream, secured 97.8% and has also secured 659th rank in IIT-JEE. He said, \"As a science student, I did not find difficulties in preparing for Std XII and other technical examinations. Coaching classes helped, along with the preparation sessions conducted by the school. I am trying for mechanical or electrical streams in engineering. I have also applied for foreign universities, but the results are yet to be out.\"Neelam Chakraborty, principal of the school, said, \"The school took special care of the students for their preparations. It has helped in increasing their overall results. For instance, out of the 70 students who appeared for the examination, 44 have secured distinction. Prajakta Pande of the commerce stream secured 95.2% to top the school.\"Binita Poonekar, principal of the Army Public School, said, \"All the 276 students appeared for std XII have passed with good score. Pranav Manerikar, a student of science stream, scored 97% and came first in the school. The toppers in commerce and humanity are Varun Gupta (97.2%) and Archana Shrinivasan (96.2%) respectively.The overall result of the Kendriya Vidyalaya, Range Hills Estate, is 96.7% as 89 students out of 92 passed the examination. R K Lale, principal of the school, said, \"Saikat Bera of science stream is the topper with 96.4%. Aishwarya Krishnan (88.4%) is the topper from commerce stream. The overall performance of the students is improving as students are adapting to changes in the exam patterns.\"At KV, Ganeshkhind, out of 56 students in the science stream, 55 have passed. The highest marks were scored by Akshay Gadre (94.4%). In the commerce stream, out of 12 students 11 have passed, with Digvijay Singh (85.5%) scoring the highest. The school had an overall pass percentage of 97.05. Speaking to TOI, Akshay Gadre said, \"The teachers helped me prepare for the final exams and for IIT as well. The coaching classes helped me in preparing for objective type questions.\"At KV No 1 (Lohegaon), the pass percentage this year for the science stream was 97.5. The commerce stream recorded 100% result. The school has a total 164 students. The highest scorers in the science stream were secured by Manish Bisht and Monica, both with 96%. In the commerce stream, the highest score was 91.6%.Savithri Thiagarajan, principal, Kendriya Vidyalaya, CME, said, \"The total pass percentage of Science stream is 95.6. Science topper K Tejeswi scored 96%. Commerce stream's overall score is 100%, where Shivam Pandey stood first by scoring 92.8%.\"The DAV public School, Aundh, secured 100% result, where 172 students passed the exam. Rashmi Chennagiri with 97.6% topped in the science stream, while Garvit Kumar with 94.6% came first in commerce stream.The Vikhe Patil Memorial School secured 100%, where 58 students had appeared for the exams. Srishti Dhamija stood first with 98% marks. Aastha Khandelwal secured second position with 94.60% marks. Yamini Verma stood third with 94.40% marks. Sixteen students received more than 90% marks, said a statement issued by the Vikhe Patil Memorial School.The City International School, Wanowrie, also secured 100% score in the examination. This was the first batch of the school. Abhinav Pandey secured 94% and stood first in the science stream.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13620852", "title": "Farming workshop in city today", "text": "NASHIK: The office of the divisional joint director, agriculture, Nashik division, has organised a one-day workshop on Tuesday on 'organic farming' for local farmers. The workshop which will be held from 10am to 5pm at Hotel Royal Heritage, will be inaugurated by the divisional commissioner Jayant Gaikwad. Noted neurologist Dr. Sanjay Varade and gynaecologist Dr. Manisha Kapadni will also share their views on the occasion.City doctor gets awardNoted orthopaedic Surgeon Dr. Vijay Kakatkar has been nominated for the Nashik Bhushan Award, instituted by Rotary Club of Nashik. He will be presented with the Award at a function to be held on June 1, at 6.00 pm at Raosaheb Thorat Auditorum, near KTHM College. He has been chosen for the award in recognition of his service as an Orthopaedic surgeon for the last 35 years.Digvjay Kapadia appointed news member of RDTACDigvijay Kapadia, Secretary General, All India Federation of Cloth Retailers' Association and past president of Maharashtra Chamber of Commerce, Industry and Agriculture(MACCIA) has been appointed as a member of the Regional Direct Taxation Advisory Committee (RDTAC) for the region with 12 districts of North Maharashtra and Marathwada by Central Board of Direct Taxes, New Delhi.Pednekar re-elected MACCIA presidentMumbai-based industrialist Ashish Pednekar has been re-elected as President of Maharashtra Chamber of Commerce, industry and Agriculture (MACCIA), while Aurangabad-based industrialist Rambhau Bhogale has been elected as Senior Vice-president for the next two years (by 2014). Santosh Mandalecha from Nashik has been elected as the vice-president for North Maharashtra unit of MACCIA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13614547", "title": "Now, Jharsa villagers block road to protest water crisis", "text": "GURGAON: Losing patience with the long-standing water crisis, the residents of Jharsa village blocked the road in front of the office of the commissioner of the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon for over an hour on Monday morning.The protesters refused to move until the commissioner assured them that water supply would be restored within two days. This was the third such incident in Gurgaon in the recent past weeks.The villagers, led by the area councillor, have threatened to block the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway if the situation persists.In the past two weeks, residents of Dundahera and Badshapur villages had blocked the arterial roads in their area demanding water. \"Our village has turned into a desert ever since water supply was stopped. We have been left with no other option but to block the road as all our requests for water have fallen on deaf ears. We complained to the chief engineer and the commissioner three days ago about the worsening water situation but they did not care to do anything,\" said Poonam, Ward 28 councillor.\"We have resolved not to give up our fight. The only reason we relented today was because the commissioner himself assured us that the problem would be resolved in two days. We will block the expressway if he fails to keep his promise. We don't have a drop of water to drink and have to buy water from outside,\" Poonam added.Meanwhile, the corporation officials claimed that they were doing their best to ensure adequate water supply. The officials held unusually long power cuts responsible for the poor water supply. \"The tubewells and boosting stations are run on electricity and every time there is a power cut, the water supply is affected. We are trying to run the pumps on generators and are upgrading them according to the need. Things will improve if the power supply is taken care of,\" said an MCG engineer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13614573", "title": "I prefer marks to grades so I know how well I have done: City topper", "text": "GURGAON: A mixed mood prevailed in Gurgaon as the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) results for Class XII were declared on Monday.While some students were left disappointed, those who came out with flying colours were in a jubilant mood and were seen celebrating with their friends and family members.It was especially a proud moment for parents whose children topped the exam in their school or the district.Shuchita Banthia of Blue Bells Model School, the Gurgaon topper in the science stream with 98.2%, was overjoyed. She said that she preferred the marking system to the Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) system introduced by the boards in Class X. \"While it allows students to relax, the scoring system is better as you are able to know exactly how much you have scored in each subject.\"Harsh Arora topped the Gurgaon region from Commerce stream with 96.4% while Akanksha Kataria topped Humanities with 94%.Some of the schools in Gurgaon which fared very well included the DAV Public School, Sector 14, Blue Bells Model School, CCA School Sector 4 and Amity International, Sector 43.Both the Humanities and Commerce toppers were students of DAV Public School. \"I am very happy with the performance of my school and we are very proud of our students,\" said Anita Makkar, principal of DAV school, Sector 14 which saw a 100% pass percentage with 29 students out of 350 scoring more than 95% marks.Blue Bells Model School also saw a 100% pass percentage and 23 out of 146 students from this school scored more than 90% marks.Amity International, Sector 43, had saw 54 students out of 70 scoring over 75% marks while the Sector 46 branch saw 85 students out of 113 scoring over 75%.Both the branches recorded a 100% pass percentage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13635170", "title": "Arjun picks up at box-office after a slow start", "text": "From the seven releases this Friday, only 'Arjun' and 'Love Wrinkle Free' could gain some audience. All eyes on 'Rowdy Rathore' now.The Friday gone by was the last Friday before the IPL came to an end. Evidently there was a mad rush at the box-office with small films using this as their last resort to release before bigger releases would eat them up after the IPL season. As many as seven films released this Friday though surprisingly none could set the box-office on fire.Smallies like Rakhtbeej, Love Recipe, MLA and Chutki Bajaa Ke left without a trace. Raghuvir Yadav's Yeh Khula Aasmaan garnered some critical acclaim but could gain no audience. Sandeep Mohan's Love Wrinkle Free was relatively well-received for its light-hearted treatment and a fresh story. However it was UTV's animated film Arjun that turned out to be the surprise package. It had a similar fate like UTV's Paan Singh Tomar that released earlier this year. Like that film, even Arjun was delayed by almost four years and was released without much hype. But for its good content, the film won positive reviews and despite starting on a very low note, the business picked up over the weekend with the film collecting around a crore.With new releases not doing great wonders, Ishaqzaade and Vicky Donor continued their run at the box-office. Department , however, was completely rejected.With IPL finally coming to an end, several big films are scheduled to release in the coming weeks. It starts with Akshay Kumar's masala entertainer Rowdy Rathore which preponed itself to June 1 when Aamir Khan's Talaash was originally scheduled for release. The moviegoer's hunt for entertainment however ends and one can look forward to several big movies in the coming week.Top Hindi Films this WeekFilm: IshaqzaadePosition: 1Director: Habib FaisalCast: Arjun Kapoor, Parineeti ChopraUpside: Good performances, strong directionDownside: Drops in second halfRunning Week: 3Box Office Verdict: HitFilm: ArjunPosition: 2Director: Arnab ChaudhuriUpside: Good animation, interesting storytellingDownside: Abrupt endingRunning Week: 1Trade Comments: Started on a very slow note but with positive word of mouth all around, this animation film picked up over the weekend and managed to collect around Rs 1 crore.Film: DepartmentPosition: 3Director: Ram Gopal VarmaUpside: Powerful performancesDownside: Cliched story, outdated plotRunning Week: 2Box Office Verdict: FlopFilm: Vicky DonorPosition: 4Director: Shoojit SircarCast: Ayushmann Khurana, Yaami Gautam, Annu KapoorUpside: Fresh story, brilliant performances, good music, superb humourDownside: Not manyRunning Week: 6Box Office Verdict: Super HitFilm: Jannat 2Position: 5Director: Kunal DeshmukhCast: Emraan Hashmi, Randeep Hooda, Esha GuptaUpside: Good drama between Emraan-Randeep, good music, smart endDownside: Dull love story, predictable plotRunning Week: 4Box Office Verdict: Hit", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "13621665", "title": "Honour killing: 19-year-old boy arrested for killing teen sister", "text": "KARNAL: A 19-year-old youth was arrested on Monday for murdering his teenaged sister, whom he suspected of having an affair. The weapon used by him in the crime, a knife, has also been recovered.Paras confessed to killing his sister Payal, a class 12 student, after she refused to stop meeting the man with whom she had an affair. She was found in a pool of blood, with stab wounds at her home in Ashok Nagar area on May 20.A case under Section 302 (murder) of IPC has been registered against Paras even as police are probing the role of other family members in the crime. Superintendent of police Shashank Anand said they were informed about the murder by Payal's father Naresh, who claimed he was in Ambala when she was killed.Police though said Naresh tried to mislead investigators by claiming Payal committed suicide as she was under the influence of \"evil powers\" and was suffering from depression.\"Circumstantial evidence and nature of injuries, especially five stab wounds and injury on her head and skull, present a clear picture of murder,\" said Anand.Paras told police that he had caught Payal speaking to her boyfriend over the phone. \"In a fit of rage he banged his sister's head against the wall and stabbed her repeatedly,\" said Anand.The police nabbed Paras after probing Payal's call records to trace her boyfriend, who told the police that her family members, especially her brother, were staunchly opposed to their relationship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13616021", "title": "Gurudas Dasgupta calls for change in process of appointing CEC, CAG", "text": "NEW DELHI: Senior parliamentarian and CPI leader Gurudas Dasgupta has written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh asking him to consider making changes to the process of appointing the chief election commissioner (CEC) and the comptroller and auditor general (CAG).Dasgupta's letter comes following the controversy during the selection of CVC P J Thomas, when leader of opposition Sushma Swaraj had accused the government of subverting the system and bulldozing the process to appoint a person of its choice.Dasgupta is also planning to write to the leader of opposition, Congress chief Sonia Gandhi and chiefs of all other political parties, asking them to consider his suggestion so that the appointment process was \"totally transparent\". According to Dasgupta, while there is a selection process for the CVC, the CAG and the CEC are simply appointed by the government by an order of the President. This should be revised, feels Dasgupta, who wrote to the PM that \"this will help in building trust of public in the government and maintaining the integrity and credibility of constitutional appointees\".The Left leader suggested that \"it would be ideal and certainly above reproach if the (selection) committee comprised of the prime minister as chairman and Chief Justice of India and leader of opposition\" as the two members of the panel.\"I am writing to you on an issue which is a cause for general consternation and which requires immediate thought so that the government does not find itself in the kind of imbroglio that it faced while making the selection of P J Thomas as the CVC,\" he wrote.\"Since these appointments are very critical... I suggest that the composition of the committee should be such which does not raise any inappropriateness in the process of selection and is able to raise general confidence of people. This has become very important because in the recent period complaints of misuse of power and in some cases, dubious appointments have raised hue and cry in the country, undermining the credibility of the political system,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13619498", "title": "Mayor claims allegations are baseless, politically motivated", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city Mayor and AIADMK District Secretary SM Velusamy has strongly dismissed the allegations of misappropriation and acting in violation of his official capacity levelled against him by a section of his elected councillors from his own party on Monday. Velusamy told TOI that it was a political ploy and should not be taken seriously. However, the development seems to have political undertones as it has exposed the fissures within the party framework in the district as members of the anti-Velusamy faction claimed that some senior district level AIADMK leaders are also not happy with him and his style of functioning.\"There is no factionalism in the district unit of the party. It is all baseless allegations and politically motivated rumours. Whoever has indulged in embezzlement of city corporation funds will be booked if found guilty after a probe is conducted,\" said Velusamy.He said the corporation will probe all standing allegations through the proper channels. He also claimed that the utilisation of the JNNURM funds sanctioned from the centre and state governments was being properly monitored. However, the anti-mayor faction claims that the JNNURM funds are being misused and the mayor was not looking into the matter.\"All projects undertaken by the corporation are being executed after strict scrutiny and the utilisation of funds is being monitored,\" Velusamy added.However, members within the district unit are reportedly disgruntled with the fact that too much power is vested in Velusamy's hands while other party cadres remain powerless. The letter forwarded to the CM includes an allegation that a section of party leaders were being threatened with disciplinary action if they stand against Velusamy and his decisions.\"Party cadres are not happy at all and unless something is done at this crucial point it will reflect in the party's performance in Coimbatore,\" said AIADMK sources.The AIADMK is planning to conduct a massive protest here in the city on Tuesday to condemn the petrol price hike. Velusamy claimed that all party members will participate in the protest and there was no factionalism within the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13630981", "title": "Prescribing success", "text": "KOLKATA: Medical Science has always been a preferred field of study for students in India. And China is fast evolving as a destination for Indian students wanting to study medical science or specialise in any of the subjects of this popular stream.Econ Solutions (India) Pvt Ltd, one such organisation in India, is doing a lot of good work by sending students to China for studying medicine. Other places abroad include US, UK, Canada and Russia.The organisation has been sending students abroad since the last seven years with 90 per cent success in MCI Screening Test. Students who cannot get through AIPMT/Medical Entrance exams have two options left with them.According to Dr Arpan Mitra, managing director of Econ Solutions (India) Pvt Ltd these students can either get admitted to private medical colleges in India where fees and donations are exorbitant or they can do MBBS in MCI recognised medical colleges abroad.This year, Econ Solutions (India) Pvt Ltd, authorised by School of Chinese Language is promoting Kunming Medical University, an AIIMS like institution with a hospital consisting of 10, 000 beds.MCI screening test preparation is part of the curriculum and internship will be in India. No donations are required to enroll into the programme under this university. Scholarships are available along with bank loan assistance. Direct meet with university representatives will be possible on July 16, 2012 at Kolkata.For further query log onto www.econsky.com.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13617397", "title": "Zakia Jafri to inspect original SIT report", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A magisterial court on Monday granted permission to Zakia Jafri's counsel to inspect the original report filed by the special investigation team (SIT) on her accusations against chief minister Narendra Modi and others in connection with the 2002 riots.Metropolitan magistrate B J Ganatra fixed Saturday afternoon for Jafri's lawyers to inspect the bulky records annexed with the SIT's 540-page report. The court accepted the request made by Jafri's counsel Mihir Desai and the SIT also did not take any objection. This request was made after the SIT informed the complainant that the original documents had been submitted to the court only.Jafri has been claiming that the SIT has not provided her with all documents despite the Supreme Court direction that all relevant documents be given to the complainant. On May 10, Jafri requested the court to direct the SIT to furnish 20 more documents, which according to her were missing from the voluminous report with annexure running into 22,000 pages. While this demand was pending, Jafri's counsel filed another application on Monday demanding more documents that include depositions of witnesses as made before the special courts during trials of Naroda Patia and Gulbarg Society massacre cases.The new application by Jafri claimed that though SIT was in possession of the statements implicating senior cops and politicians, it has not furnished the same to the complainant. Jafri has also alleged that the SIT has not supplied a letter dashed off by IGP A K Sharma to investigating officer Himanshu Shukla last year. Jafri claims in her plea, \"The letter has not been given to us and presumably not produced before the court.\"Besides, Jafri has urged the court to ask the SIT to supply translation of all documents that are in Gujarati. She argued that the senior members of the SIT have come to a conclusion after perusal of translated copies, and hence the same copies should be provided to the complainant as well as to the court for correct appreciation.SIT counsel R S Jamuvar sought time from the court for perusal of the application and further hearing has been kept on June 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "13618608", "title": "Petrol price rise: PM's effigy burnt", "text": "BICHOLIM:The Sanquelim unit of the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) while strongly protesting the sudden and constant price rise in petrol burnt an effigy of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Sunday.Sanquelim MLA Pramod Sawant, Shubhada Sawaikar, Deepesh Gawas, Atmaram Barve, Vithoba Ghadi, Subhash Malik, Dattaram Chimulkar and others were present. Earlier, a protest rally was carried out through the city shouting anti-central government slogans.During the public meeting after the rally, Sawant said the constant price rise is petrol has badly affected and paralyzed the standard of living of the common man. He also called on the people to throw out the corrupt government at the centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13613799", "title": "Enough water in Upper Lake", "text": "BHOPAL: Time to stop worrying about shrinking water level in the Upper Lake owing to extreme weather conditions. Bhopal will have plenty of potable water till the monsoon hits the city.By 2013 summer, construction of more than 60 overhead tanks would be completed as a part of the network for the supply of Narmada water.This will decrease the dependence of the city on the Upper Lake and Kolar reservoir for its water needs, say Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) officials.BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said, \"The summer of 2013 will be quite comfortable for the residents of Bhopal. Even if the rain is below average this monsoon, the city will have enough water with the completion of the construction work of more than 62 overhead tanks being built in various parts of the city.\"Regional meteorological department director DP Dubey says, \"Normal monsoon has been predicted for this year as well. Bhopal should expect to get its share of 109 cm of rainfall.\"The present level of the Upper Lake is about 1658 feet ( its maximum level is 1666.8 feet) and water table for Kolar reservoir stands at about 442.33 meters ( full reservoir level is 462 metre).\"After work on tanks will be over in another three months, the corporation will increase the intake of water from Narmada. This will help us reduce the pressure of drawing water from the Upper Lake and Kolar reservoir,\" the BMC commissioner said.In all there are about 110 such overhead tanks are to be constructed.The commissioner also said the corporation would draw water up to 185 million gallon per day (mgd) from Narmada, which is its maximum capacity after the construction of tanks is over. At present, the BMC is withdrawing only 10 mgd of water from Narmada.Even if the monsoon gets delayed, residents of Bhopal need not to lose their sleep. The water bodies here have sufficient water to quench the thirst of the residents till August this year, say BMC officials.The corporation is withdrawing 20 mgd from the Upper Lake, 10 mgd from Narmada, and 34 mgd from Kolar and 5 mgd from other sources, including tube-wells, hand-pumps and wells.The city had a bad rainfall in 2010 when the monsoon figure was only 91 cm and it was followed by water crisis in next year's summer. However, last year, good rainfall- about 127 cm- lead to enough water accumulation in the Bada Talaab and the Kolar reservoir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13622370", "title": "KKR victory rally to throw life out of gear?", "text": "KOLKATA: If you can't imagine what it would be like if Asutosh Mukherjee Road and J L Nehru Road go out of bounds for commuters, with restricted movement on the EM Bypass, Kasba Connector and Rash Behari Avenue, Tuesday is your day. And, for a change, you might not find too many faces frowning for being held up in traffic snarls, because the city will celebrate its win over Chennai Super Kings to clinch its maiden IPL title.Throughout Monday, the top brass of the city police racked their brains to chart out appropriate security arrangements for the Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) entourage. Since the entire programme has been announced in a short notice, senior police officers were apprehensive about the security, especially because a host of celebrities, including Bollywood and Tollywood stars, will participate in the victory rally.Cricket lovers and KKR fans will be allowed free entry in the Eden Gardens till 10.30am on Tuesday. Entry will be restricted after that and once the stadium is full, entry will be stopped completely. \"Those who will come from Howrah would find it easier to access the stadium from gate 5 to 11. Those who will cross the river by ferry service can access the stadium through gate 13 and 17. VIPs and dignitaries will enter the stadium through gates 1, 2,3 and 4,\" said commissioner of police R K Pachnanda.\"Items that are normally banned at the Eden Gardens will not be allowed on Tuesday either,\" said special commissioner Sivaji Ghosh.The KKR players will be felicitated at the Hazra crossing first. The entourage, which will include cinestars, will start its rally on two open trailers from here and will stop at Jadubabur Bazaar, where some Trinamool leaders will join them. The entourage will then move straight along Asutosh Mukherjee Road and JL Nehru Road till Shakespeare Sarani and J L Nehru Road crossing.It will then take a left-turn to take the Queens' Way, move along Casuriana Avenue, Khidderpore Road, Red Road and Gosto Pal Sarani to All India Radio office. At this point, the crowd following the entourage will be stopped. \"They will get to enter the stadium only if there are vacant seats. Otherwise, they can move towards Strand Road,\" said joint commissioner (headquarters) Jawed Shamim.Meanwhile, the players will go straight to Writers' Buildings, where chief minister Mamata Banerjee will felicitate them. After the felicitation, the entourage, along with the chief minister, will either walk down to Eden or may move in vehicles. The final felicitations will take place at the stadium.The entire event during the peak hours of the second day of the week is likely to throw traffic out of gear as police need to restrict movement of traffic along Asutosh Mukherjee Road and J L Nehru Road. There will be restricted movement on Eastern Metropolitan Bypass, Kasba Connector and Rash Behari Avenue for smooth passage of the KKR team from ITC Sonar to Hazra Crossing.East-west thoroughfares like AJC Bose Road and Theatre Road will also be blocked for some time. \"It is better to reach offices before 10am to avoid hassles. The traffic is expected to resume normalcy by 1pm,\" a senior traffic police officer said.Police would try to divert traffic to other roads till they get grid-locked by people and vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13632440", "title": "Broadband can take resources to students: Kapil Sibal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The potential of broadband gives us the hope that millions of children will not be left outside the reach of the ongoing knowledge revolution, Union minister for human resource development and telecom Kapil Sibal said here on Monday.\"Fast, affordable broadband can connect children who do not have proximate access to decent education resources to world-class online resources,\" he said, given the huge gaps in terms of physical infrastructure , quality teachers and accountability in India's education system.For this potential to be realised, it is important that the government not see telecom primarily as a source of revenue, but as an enabler of a host of things, whose combined effect would be to enhance incomes and growth, he said. He was speaking at an education conference EDVANTAGE, organised by the Economic Times on, 'India: The Education Superpower', which hosted its 4th edition here.Referring to the announcement made by the PM a few months ago on Meta University, which aims to have institutions of excellence in specific fields of knowledge linked online, the minister said it is about a new way of learning and teaching.Four institutions have already enrolled for this initiative, namely Delhi University , Jamia Milia Islamia, JNU and IIT Delhi.Answering a question on faculty shortage, he said 1,500 faculty members would be going to US under an exchange programme between the two countries and several such steps are being taken for faculty development. He urged academia, private and public universities to come up with initiatives to address such issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13618170", "title": "Allahabad remains in grip of heatwave", "text": "ALLAHABAD: There was no let up in heatwave in the city on Monday with maximum temperature recorded at 43.6 degrees Celsius. The minimum was 24.8 degrees Celsius.The weather office has predicted further rise in the temperatures in the coming days. The maximum temperature may again touch 46 or 47 degrees Celsius mark. On Monday, most of the streets and markets remained deserted.\"Buyers are currently preferring morning or evening hours to visit markets,\" said Anand, a shopkeeper in Katra, adding: \"Many shopkeepers close the shops in afternoon as there are hardly any buyers. The shops are reopened in the evening.\"Most of the city markets, including Chowk, Katra, Civil Lines were witnessing thin attendance of buyers during summers. A house-wife on the issue commented \" the rickshaw pullers usually increase their fare if you hire them to take somewhere and they demand more money on the pretext of taking their rickshaws\". She added \" during morning and evening hours when there are more rickshaw pullers , the fare automatically comes down\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13618352", "title": "Anshul Misra is new Madurai collector", "text": "MADURAI: Anshul Misra, who took charge as the district collector of Madurai on Monday assured the residents that he would provide a fair and transparent administration. Misra, who took over from U Sagayam, who has now been transferred as the managing director of Co-optex, promised that he will be accessible to them for any genuine public grievances.Addressing media persons after taking charge, Misra said that he was glad to work as the collector of Madurai as he was familiar with the district. The welfare measures and the special schemes implemented by the government will be carried out in a fair and transparent manner and all the efforts will be taken to put the district ahead in the state of implementing the government schemes, he said. \"The good works of my predecessor will be continued and the model villages and other schemes initiated by him will be followed,\" he mentioned.Misra also sent out a strong message against the speculation that he was the disciple of Nithyananda, the junior pontiff of Madurai Adheenam. A few days back, Nithyananda had claimed that Misra used to visit him in his mutt in Tiruvannamalai. However, the collector denied visiting him or his mutt in Tiruvannamalai. When asked whether any legal measures would be taken against the adheenam as many Hindu outfits are demanding the intervention of the government, he said that he will go through the complaints and take action, if necessary.On granite quarrying in the district, which was speculated as the reason for the transfer of the previous collector, Misra said that quarrying and any other activity should be carried out in purview of the law. \"Illegal quarrying and any other violation in that regard will be dealt with stringent action,\" he warned. On law and order issues, Misra said that he will work as a team with city police commissioner and rural SP to provide a good administration.He also said that dengue-control measures will be intensified and the standard operating procedures drafted by the state government will be implemented. Fogging and source reduction operations were taken up by health officials and local bodies, he mentioned.Later, the new collector presided over the public grievance redressal day meeting held in the collectorate.Anshul Misra, a 2004 batch IAS officer had earlier served as district collector of Tiruvannamalai and as Coimbatore corporation commissioner. He had also served as project officer, DRDA, Madurai. He had completed his masters in MA International Relations and M Phil in American Studies.Meanwhile, even as the previous collector, Sagayam was leaving the office on Monday, few outfits still staged a demonstration demanding the government to revoke his transfer and retain him in Madurai. Nomadic tribes in the district like 'Sattaiadippor' (whippers) and 'Boomboom Mattukarars' (bull charmers) performed outside the district collectorate expressing their agitation.Before handing over the charges, in an informal interaction with media persons, Sagayam said that he was glad to work in the district for an year though he expected the transfer immediately after the assembly election works. \"It was a great experience working as the collector and I could provide welfare measures to many deserving in the district,\" he quipped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13614910", "title": "Trader fakes own kidnap, arrested", "text": "NOIDA: Police on Monday arrested a 50-year-old soft drinks distributor for planning his own kidnapping after he failed to arrange the required capital to run his business.SSP Praveen Kumar said, \" Rakesh Sharma , a resident of Salarpur, left his home on May 24 on the pretext of depositing cash in the bank. He then left for Dehradun where he stayed for two days in a hotel. When he did not return home, his son called him on Sunday. Sharma told his son that four men had kidnapped him near the bank and were demanding a ransom of Rs 4 lakh,\" said Kumar.Sharma's son reported the matter to Sector 39 police and a kidnapping case was lodged. \"We put Sharma's phone on surveillance and tracked his location,\" said a cop. Sharma was to pay the beverage firm Rs 4 lakh for his last sale but had only Rs 2 lakh left in his bank account.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13620975", "title": "It's team that wins games and not individuals: Gautam Gambhir", "text": "CHENNAI: The joke going around these days is that if the Buddha stops laughing, he will be named Gautam Gambhir .It has a lot to do with Gambhir's seriousness on and off the field. You will hardly ever see the Kolkata Knight Riders skipper smiling and on Sunday too, even after his team became the IPL champions , he was his own serious self. \"Now give us a smile, Gauti,\" one of the scribes said during the post-match media conference and the left-hander's defence was rocked for the first time.\"Maybe, the victory hasn't sunk in yet, when it does, I'll get back the smile,\" he said, a smile peeping through. The skipper, though, explained why he was like that. \"That's how I am and it works for me. But being intense does not mean that you're always serious ,\" Gambhir said.He is a no-nonsense man and when he took over the KKR captaincy last year, the team was in tatters. Though they reached the last-four in 2011, the KKR team management's quest for a champion team continued and Gambhir had huge responsibility.But he maintained a lowprofile and downplayed his role as skipper, crediting his team for the achievements in the IPL.\"I've always said I hate to talk about individuals. KKR have never been about one individual , whether that's me or someone else. KKR is about we, and not me. That is what we wanted to prove to the country. It is the team that wins you games, not individuals.Each player has a specific role and each one is bound to contribute. They don't get selected just because they look good or they have something special. A bowler is picked to do a job and a batsman is picked to score runs, it's simple. Our journey in the IPL has been exceptional this year and whatever we achieved today, the credit goes to the team,\" Gambhir said.When asked why Gambhir hadn't taken his pads off after getting out in the first over, Gambhir admitted that it was due to a superstition.\"I can be honest now and tell you that it was a superstition . There was only once in the tournament when I took off my pads after I got out, and that was against the Kings XI Punjab . We could not manage to get 13 from 12 balls in the end... \"Gambhir thanked the fans for the way they stood by his team. \"The KKR fans deserve every bit of the success. I want to say thank you for all the support and love,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13615647", "title": "CBSE class XII results: Girls outshine boys in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: In a continuing trend, girls trumped boys in the CBSE Std XII board results in the city. Not all schools in the city released their individual student scores as the merit list is something which the CBSE frowns upon. Going by the data available with TOI, Anuja Agarwal from Bhavan's (Wathoda) is the likely overall topper from city with a score of 97.8% in the commerce faculty.The Civil Lines branch of the same school seems to have the city topper of science faculty in Palak Marwah who has secured 97.6%. Students across the city said the papers were a mixed bag this year.Sanya Thapar (95.2%), a commerce student from Centre Point (Wardhaman Nagar), said, \"The question papers were comparatively easier this time and the only paper I found challenging was accountancy.\" Sakshi Agrawal (96.4%), a commerce student of Bhavan's Lloyds Vidyaniketan, disagrees partially, said, \"Accountancy paper was very lengthy and the questions were quite twisted. But I am happy that my marks were not too much affected by it.\"The science stream students, however, felt that there were no surprises in the paper and hence the results were on expected lines. Samridhi Mathur, a science student of Modern School (Koradi Rd) who got 91%), said, \"The paper was not a surprise for us because all expected questions had come except in physics paper. I was preparing for my engineering entrance as well and I had to manage both without any hitch, and it all worked out well.\" Overall pass percentage of Chennai region, under which Maharashtra comes, is 90.59% which is the highest as compared to other regions.The all-India pass percentage was at 80.19%, marginally down from 80.88% as compared to last year. Across the country a total of 815,749 candidates registered for the board exam this year, and increase of about 5.94% candidates over that of last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13621003", "title": "Murli Manohar Joshi &amp; Swami Avimukteshwaranad Saraswati discuss Ganga issue", "text": "VARANASI: Chairman of Public Accounts Committee (PAC) and senior BJP leader and MP from Varanasi Murli Manohar Joshi called on Swami Avimukteshwaranad Saraswati, the convener of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam, at Sri Vidya Math, Kedar Ghat on the 135th day of the \"Save Ganga\" movement on Monday.They held a closed-door meeting for nearly an hour to discuss various issues related to the Ganga. It was Joshi's first visit to Sri Vidya Math that is associated with the Shankaracharya of Jyotish Peeth and Sharda Dwarka Peeth Swami Swaroopanand Saraswati.Though Joshi maintained distance from media after the meeting, Avimukteswaranand said that during the course of interaction, Joshi told him that he (Joshi) would meet the Prime Minister on the issue of the Ganga.Speaking about the uninterrupted and clean flow of the Ganga, Joshi said that there was a need for a big and integrated approach to tackle the task, said Avimukteshwaranand.He added that Joshi also highlighted that the issue of the Ganga should be above politics. He said that Joshi showed his respect to the Ganga movement.It is interesting to note that Joshi, during his visit to the city in April, had said that nothing fruitful would come out of the movement for Ganga operated from Kashi. It may be mentioned here that former state president of BJP Surya Pratap Shahi along with local BJP MLAs and workers had gone to Kedar Ghat, the main venue of the Ganga movement, and extended their all support and sat on a token fast.The fast was joined by the local MLAs, including Shyamdeo Roy Chaudhury, Jyotsna Srivastava, Ravindra Jaiswal, mayor Kaushlendra Singh, city president Ram Gopal Mohale and other BJP leaders. Later, another senior leader Kalraj Mishra had also gone to Kedar Ghat in support of the movement. But not a single BJP leader attended the Ganga Mukti Mahasammelan organised by Ganga Seva Abhiyanam at Beniabag on May 21.On the other hand, the Shankaracharya of Puri Swami Nischalanand Saraswati went to Shiv Prasad Gupta Hospital to meet the fasting Ganga warriors, including Sadhvi Purnamba, Sadhvi Shardamba, Ganga Premi Bhikshu and Brahmachari Krishna Priyanand.On Sunday, Avimukteshwaranand met the Puri Shankaracharya at Dakshinamurti math in Asi area and apprised him of the activities and future programme of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam.In his appeal Puri Shankaracharya said that the Prime Minister should scrap the existing and proposed projects that pose threat to the existence of the Ganga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13614691", "title": "'AP High Court order will not affect state quota for Muslims'", "text": "HYDERABAD: The AP High Court quashing the 4.5 per cent reservation for minorities within the 27 per cent quota of the OBC has triggered apprehensions in the Muslims community about the status of the 4 per cent reservation extended to it by the state government.Wajid Ali Kamil, a senior advocate, said that the high court verdict would have no impact whatsoever on the reservation extended to the Muslims by the state government. \"The two issues are different. One is related to the Centre and the other to the state. Therefore, there is no question of any setback and the direction to the central government will not affect the status of reservation in the state.\"Mohd Shafeequzaman, special chief secretary to the state government and director general of MCRIHRD, who has dealt with the subject in the past, agreed with Kamil. \"The HC verdict does not appear to affect the state allotted quota since the issue is pending before the Supreme Court for the last about two years,\" he said.Academic-activist Syed Najiullah said that the Supreme Court is seized of the matter. \"Since a lot of parties have impleaded in the case, the community need not be worried at this point of time,\" he said.The Supreme Court in 2010, in an interim order, stayed the judgment of AP High Court which had quashed the state order providing 4 per cent reservation to the socially and economically backward Muslims. The state government had extended benefits to 15 groups within the community.The state government had filed a Special Leave Petition in the apex court on 26 February 2010 against the high court judgement. After hearing the state government arguments, the then SC Chief Justice K G Balakrishnan also referred the case to a five-judge constitutional bench.Since 2004, the AP government has been trying to provide reservations to the Muslim community, but its attempts have proved futile __ the HC quashed a government order of 2004, and another one in 2005.'IITs to go ahead with admissions as planned'This was the first year when IIT-JEE introduced admissions under the minority quota and a student from the city had emerged the topper while as many as 14 students from the state made it to the top 50 on the minority quota list. So when the AP High Court on Monday struck down the 4.5 per cent sub-quota for Muslims and other linguistic minorities from the 27 per cent reserved for OBCs, uncertainty prevailed in the minds of many minority students regarding their admission. Putting them at ease, JEE officials said that they would go ahead with the admissions to the premier institutions as planned unless directed otherwise by the ministry of human resource and development.Prof Arindama Singh, chairman, JEE, told TOI, \"Unless the MHRD passes an order directing us to take a particular action, we will go ahead as if nothing happened.\"Thanks to the new provision, the minority quota students stand to bag the choicest of seats in leading IITs like Bombay, Delhi and Madras. The IITs announced reservations under the minority quota this year following efforts in this direction for the past two years by the ministry of human resource development (MHRD). Of the 9,500 seats in the 17 IITs (as per last year's figure), 440 seats will be reserved for minority candidates from this year.Activists and educationalists said that the HC striking down the quota would jeopardize the future of many students. While OBC activists maintain that there is already a provision available in the 27 per cent for backward sections of minorities, activists blamed the lack of sincerity of politicians for taking up the matter on the right footing and the government's weak counsel for the setback.Activists said that the only way to counter striking down of the sub-quota was to adopt swift legal recourse. Lawyer Wajid Ali Kamil says, \"Remedial measures should be taken to contain the damage. Petitioners must move the Supreme Court and obtain an interim order. Since the apex court is on vacation, petitioners must approach the vacation bench. I am sure that the students will be on tenterhooks once they come to know of the high court order.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "dankuni", "code": "13621866", "title": "West Bengal CM reiterates Singur coach unit promise", "text": "DANKUNI: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee, on Monday, reiterated that a Metro coach factory will come up on 600 acres at Singur and the remaining land - part of the nearly 1,000 acres earmarked for a Tata Motors small car factory - will be returned to unwilling farmers. She was speaking at the inauguration of a diesel locomotive component factory in Dankuni. She also announced the commencement of work for an electric locomotive component factory on the same premises.The Metro coach factory will be set up with SAIL, Mamata said. On Friday, SAIL signed an MoU for a wagon manufacturing unit at Jellingham in East Midnapore.\"I had announced 16 railway factories for the state. Once these factories start production, there will be industrialization in West Bengal. When we had announced the factory in Dankuni, the former government lodged cases against senior railway officials. All the cases were baseless. They should now come and see the progress that has been made. The Eastern Dedicated Freight Corridor will come to Dankuni from Sonnagar. Once this happens, a large number of jobs will be created, leading to a change in the socioeconomic scenario in the area,\" Mamata said.Without naming Tata Motors or the farmers who had lodged cases against the state government when it decided to take back the Singur land, Mamata hinted that these were attempts to thwart her efforts to provide more jobs to people.\"After I took over, I paid attention to jobs. I also maintained that part of the land in Singur will be returned to unwilling farmers. The government took back the land for this purpose only. Now that the cases are pending, we can't do anything till the matter is sorted out by the court. If the court rules in our favour, a Metro coach factory will be set up on 600 acres and the remaining land will be returned to unwilling farmers. There may be some who are saying that I am doing nothing for the people of Singur, but in May, we had announced a scheme through which unwilling farmers will receive Rs 1,000 and two kgs of rice per month. The previous government did nothing save laying foundation stones. Between 2001 and 2009, the state got only five trains. In one year, I got the state nearly 200 trains,\" Mamata said.Both the chief minister and railway minister Mukul Roy were clearly on a mission to woo the rural voter before the Panchayat polls in the state.\"Could you imagine that Arambagh will get connected to Tarakeswar by rail so soon? After I left the railways ministry in 2001, nobody paid attention to the Tarakeswar-Bishnupur project that will connect Bankura and Purulia to Hooghly and Howrah (by a shorter route). We plan to start services up to Arambagh from June 4. I have also asked Mukul (railway minister) to consider connectivity between Tarakeswar and Mogra. I have urged concerned persons to ensure that local youths get jobs,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13615432", "title": "In bid to plug leaks, university ups students\u2019 stress levels", "text": "MUMBAI: In the season of leaks, students continue to suffer for no fault of theirs. There was widespread confusion, leading to high stress levels, at colleges that hosted engineering examinations on Monday. For, the university sent two sets of question papers for all the exams of the day, via different modes.The idea behind sending two question papers, university officials said, was to pick a version at the very last moment so none had even an inkling of which paper was going to be used. \"It was a precautionary measure we adopted for combating the series of paper leaks,\" said an officer.All the exams scheduled today started at least 15 minutes late, and in some colleges, students got the paper almost 45 minutes after the scheduled hour.Once the university decided on which version of the question paper had to be distributed, colleges had to print it, photocopy it and distribute it to exam takers.Between 9.30am and 10.30am, bundles of the applied chemistry-II question paper landed at colleges; within an hour, a password-protected compact disc with a different question paper of the same subject reached all these exam centres. Only a few minutes before the exam hour did the university pick the paper that was to be given out to students. The same exercise was followed for the third-year engineering students (all 16 branches) who took the exam in the afternoon. But this time, question papers came in the form of bundles, through e-mails and via facsimile.While the university did not accept that the papers had leaked, rumours of another leak were rife. But amidst all the confusion, exams began late. Several colleges received the question paper as late as 10.45am, giving them little time to photocopy the two-page question paper for more than 300 students in each centre.A principal said, \"This cannot be done on a regular basis. Some measures need to be taken at the earliest to curb leaks.\" The strategy may have been purportedly devised to counter another possible paper leak, but it reeked of panic within the university's echelons, he added. \"The university could go wrong if papers are replaced in a haphazard manner every day.\" All the students were given extra time to complete their paper.Later in the evening, question papers for 16 branches of TYBE students, which were scheduled for 3 pm were replaced very late-just a minute or two before 3pm, claimed principals. Question papers of some branches were sent via email, others by facsimile, claimed another principal. The university has asked all the colleges to send back the question paper bundles that were delivered for both the first and third year exams. There were fewer students appearing for the TYBE ATKT exam on Monday.Students, waiting at the exam centres, showed mixed emotions as the paper began late. \"Some of my friends were nervous as we all assumed that the paper was getting replaced. When a second set of question paper is selected, the difficulty level goes up in most cases. So we were all worried. I found the paper easy, but many of my friends could not manage it well,\" said a student.Another student was happy that the paper was replaced on time. He said, \"At least, there will not be a re-exam. I just hope the university could prevent a re-exam, as the regular exam itself is running for a month now.\"While most thought that the papers had leaked, a principal of an engineering college said he didn't know whether the papers had leaked or not, but that the university had managed to send out a strong message that it meant serious business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "13624416", "title": "Truck mows down seven on footpath in Jodhpur", "text": "JODHPUR: Seven labourers met a tragic death in the wee hours of Monday when a truck ran over them while they were asleep on a footpath near Bhati Circle here. Three others are undergoing treatment at MDM hospital. The driver was arrested and the vehicle seized. The district administration has announced an ex gratia of Rs 20,000 for the kin of those died and Rs 5,000 for the injured.According to the police, 10 labourers were sleeping on a footpath near Bhati Circle when a truck ran over them around 4.30 am. \"Six of them were crushed to death on the spot while four others were injured. They were rushed to the MDM Hospital, where one more succumbed to his injuries. Three are undergoing treatment for fracture in legs,\" said additional divisional commissioner Govind Singh Charan, who visited the hospital.The truck driver, identified as Dinesh Bishnoi, escaped from the spot but was caught a few minutes later at a police barricade nearly 3 km from the spot. \"We have arrested him and seized the vehicle. He claimed that he lost control over the vehicle while trying to save someone on the road,\" said a police officer.\"So far, three of the deceased have been identified and efforts are on to identify others,\" said Charan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13614318", "title": "Two toppers with common goals", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two girls emerged as the toppers in Delhi government schools this year. Both Vishakha and Namita notched up 96.6% in Class XII exams. But the similarity doesn't end there.Vishakha was disappointed when she scored 9.4 CGPA in Class X exams. But it only strengthened her resolve to perform better. She feels without the guidance and efforts of her teachers, she couldn't have come this far. Both the toppers study at different branches of Rajkiya Pratibha Vikas Vidyalaya.For Namita's father, Ramesh Kumar, who had fractured five ribs and his right hand in a recent accident, there could not have been a better gift. \"I never thought I would live to see this day. It is the best moment of my life,\" said Ramesh. He runs a small electronics repair shop and could not afford to get his daughter enrolled in a private school. In retrospect, he feels, it was a good thing for his daughter.Interestingly, both the toppers have similar aspirations. \"I want to pursue BA (honours) economics from Shri Ram College of Commerce. I want to sit for the civil service exams,\" Vishakha said. Namita wants to pursue the same course and become an IAS officer .For both the girls, their fathers are their source of inspiration. \"My father taught me to set my goals high, so I could stand out from the crowd,\" Vishaka said. Namita was encouraged by her father when she could not score well in her pre-board exams. Vishaka feels that students should not press the panic button when exams are around. \"I watched cartoons and listened to music to de-stress myself.\" Focused study with proper breaks is Namita's mantra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13625134", "title": "India Post starts centre to pack parcels", "text": "MANGALORE: Want to parcel an item safely, but are not able to find suitable packing material? Fret not! Help is at hand at the parcel packing centre of the India Post that started operations at the Hampankatta post office here on Monday.Take the item that needs to be parcelled to the centre and the staff will help you pack it in cartons before shipping it safely to the intended destination. Started on a trial basis in Chennai industrial area, the India Post has set up such packing centres in Mysore and Bangalore in Karnataka circle. Apart from these centres it has one more centre in south India- in Hyderabad. It was the overwhelming response to the centre in Chennai that encouraged the department to start similar centres in southern peninsular cities. The centre gives an ideal parcel transhipment solution for small and medium industrial entrepreneurs.According to Chandrashekar Kakumanu, the senior superintendent of post offices, Mangalore division parcels getting damaged in transportation due to lack of proper packaging is a common phenomenon. \"This happens because of lack of awareness on the need to properly package an item meant for transshipment. The packing centre now offers a readymade solution for anyone who wants to ship items to destinations both in India and abroad,\" he said.If customers approach the India Post with properly packed item for transhipment, the department will accept and deliver it to the addressee. In case, the staff feels that the items are not properly packed and could be damaged while transporting, the customers will be told to avail the services of the centre.\"However, customers are not obliged to avail the service, but it is advisable for the safe delivery,\" he said. The India Post will also collect items from doorsteps of entrepreneurs.\"The customers, who book their parcel as express parcel post - registered or speed post - will get the track and trace facility,\" he said and added the facility was not available for ordinary or logistical category of parcels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13614538", "title": "Central Board of Secondary Education results a dampener for Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: CBSE Class XII results have come as a disappointment for Andhra Pradesh as the state secured the lowest pass percentage among all the south Indian states in the Chennai region. While the region has the highest pass percentage of 90.59 in the country, the state recorded a pass percentage of 87.53 this year. Other south Indian states including Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Kerala secured high pass percentages of 96.46, 95.57 and 91.6 respectively. Goa recorded the highest pass percentage of 97.21.The pass percentage of girl students was 90.49 this year whereas boys secured a pass percentage of 85.68. A total of 6,238 students had appeared for CBSE Class XII examinations from the state. However, in spite of the state's poor performance, Kendriya Vidyalayas recorded a good pass percentage of 97.5 this year, with seven of the 35 KVs in the state securing a 100% pass.Teachers of CBSE schools said that the poor pass percentage could be the result of the low appreciation the CBSE Board's syllabus has in the state as against that of the state board. While 14 lakh students write the state's Intermediate public examination every year, just 5,000 to 6,000 students write the CBSE exams. \"It is tough to get a 100% pass in CBSE schools. We need to take extra care as unlike Intermediate colleges, which follow the state board, we do not conduct screening tests to admit the best students. The schools which secured a 100% pass in Class XII including KV, Gachibowli, have done their best to help students by conducting special classes and study camps,\" said V Jayabal, principal, K V Gachibowli, which has had 100% pass since the past six years. This year, Kendriya Vidyalayas have improved their pass percentage from 95.8 to 97.5. In most KVs including the ones in Picket and Gachibowli, above 25% of the students who wrote the examination have secured over 80% marks.Some of the city students secured high scores in the examination this year in science, commerce and humanities streams. In the science stream, Chandrahaas Pedoori, a student of Bharathiya Vidya Bhavan, Sainikpuri, secured a score of 96.6% this year and Lepakshi Bindra from Meridian School, Banjara Hills, secured a score of 96%. In commerce stream, R Vinayanvita from Kendriya Vidyalaya, Picket, secured 96.2% and in humanities stream, Aiswarya Joshi from K V Picket secured 97.2% and Sherin George from K V Trimulgherry secured 94.4%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13620523", "title": "A champ in both ball and number game", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Sania Arif, a student of Carmel Convent School, Sector 9, is on the ball not just in snooker, but academics as well.A second-rank holder in under-21 category in National Snooker Championship held in September 2011, she has topped her school and secured a position in the city's top five with 95.3% in non-medical stream in CBSE Class XII. And what adds a bright feather to her cap is her cent per cent score in mathematics.A focused approach helped this aspiring architect hit success. \"I love playing snooker and so I had to juggle my time between the game and studies. When participating in a national tournament, I usually practise for about five hours a day. And on other days, the sport gets two to three hours daily. But when it comes to studies, nothing distracts me,'' said a proud Sania.The young player gets her love for the game from her family, which has billiard and snooker champions. Her younger brother, Faraz, a Class VIII student of St Stephen's School, holds a world record in billiards sub-junior category for being the youngest player.\"When he was eight-year-old, we would buy him shoes with extra heels so that he could reach the billiards table. We both practice in the basement of our house, where our father has ensured all facilities of the game,'' she smiled.Their father, Arif Akhtar, a national snooker player and their coach, has been a source of inspiration for them. \"I was ranked sixth in 1994 in the country. I have provided all facilities to my children at home so that they can hone their skills well,\" said Akhtar, a senior manager in Indian Oil Corporation .About Sania, he said, \"Her focus helps her achieve her goals.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13613804", "title": "?Delhi budget: Kerosene out, poor to get subsidy for gas connections", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Monday went public with its plan to make the city kerosene-free - a move reported by TOI last week. The budget proposes to provide a one-time cash subsidy of Rs 2,000 to 1.75 lakh households still using kerosene as kitchen fuel, for obtaining LPG connections and gas stoves.A budget outlay of Rs 40 crore has been proposed for the project.Announcing the scheme, the chief minister said 5.3% of the total households in the city rely on kerosene for cooking. \"This will improve the quality of life in Delhi. We hope to secure the support of the Centre in this endeavour,\" the CM told the assembly.To prevent black marketeering of kerosene, which is a controlled fuel in the capital and sold only at sanctioned oil depots under the public distribution system, the state government plans a shift to LPG over the next one year. Thereafter, kerosene depots will be closed down. But the government is yet to take a decision on allowing open sale of kerosene at market price.Currently, kerosene is legally available at 2,350 oil depots under the public distribution system monitored by the Food and Civil Supplies department of the city. There are 2.44 lakh BPL card holders and 1.29 lakh Antyodaya card holders who are eligible to get a quota of 12.50 litres of kerosene at a rate of Rs 14.83 per litre every month.However, it is a known fact that many are being deprived of their full share as kerosene is illegally making it to the open market and being sold in the range of Rs 25-45 per litre.Senior officials of the department admit that they receive many complaints of kerosene being diverted to the open market from authorized oil depots meant for providing supplies at subsidized rates to ration card holders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13622253", "title": "Trapped for an hour, 3 died crushed under bus", "text": "KOLKATA: Hundreds of commuters watched in horror as three persons met an excruciatingly painful death under an overturned bus at a busy south Kolkata crossing on Monday. Two elderly passengers and the conductor were crushed slowly for almost an hour as passersby tried to pull them out. Passersby tried to lift the bus with their hands but in vain.The screams gradually died down, the twitching of the limbs became feeble and by the time a crane arrived, all three were dead. Sixty-two-year-old Tapati Dutta and 60 year-old Tulsi Das Banerjee were standing at the gate to get off at Rashbehari-Sarat Bose Road intersection when the bus toppled, trapping them and the conductor. A dozen passengers were injured, most of them suffering fractured limbs.The bus overturned when it tried to avoid a cyclist, say witnesses. Anil Gupta was at Deshapriya Park crossing around 8am, hoping to catch a ride to Shibpur, when he saw a bus (WB 25C 5091) on the same route rushing towards the Sarat Bose Road intersection. To his horror, a cyclist veered in the path of the bus.\"I cried out as did many others. I thought the cyclist would be run over. Then something strange happened. The bus turned sharply to the right and then left. Its right wheels lifted off the road and it keeled over in spell-binding slow motion. There was a loud crash and then the horrible screams started,\" said Gupta. They saw a woman and two men trapped under the bus. Their limbs twitched every now and again. \"It was a ghastly sight. Some of us tried to lift the bus but it didn't budge an inch. Gradually, the limbs turned lifeless.\"A crane arrived an hour later and lifted the bus. Many bystanders fell ill at the sight of mangled flesh and blood. \"I can't explain how horrible it was. I lost my nerve,\" said Mridula Sen, a college student.West Bank Hospital employee Subhendu Bhattacharya had a narrow escape. He saw the bus keel over and the passengers waiting at the gate fall. Then, other passengers fell on them. He, too, couldn't hold on to the rod and fell on the heap. \"I knew some would be severely injured but didn't know that anyone would die such a violent death,\" he said from his bed at Sishumangal Hospital. While Bhattacharya suffered minor head injuries, his colleague Soumen Banerjee has acute chest pain. \"It was not the fall but the pressure of bodies that led to the injury,\" he said as he was wheeled for X-ray.Chandan Shaw and wife Purnima said the bus had picked up speed at Gariahat crossing and had just travelled a kilometre when the accident happened. Purnima was trapped for 15 minutes before locals broke through the rear window and pulled her out.Nirmala and Dulal Naskar were going to collect his biopsy test results when everything crashed around them. She fell on her right arm and then her husband fell on her. \"I was to taking him to the hospital but ended up in a hospital bed with a broken arm. Now he has to take care of me,\" she said. Besu student Nabanita Das suffered a dislocation in the right arm.The government announced a compensation of Rs 2 lakh to the kin of those killed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13622389", "title": "UP government set to float global tender for laptops, tablet PCs", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party government is likely to float a global tender for bulk purchase of tablet PCs and laptops to be distributed among students from the state who clear class X and XII of UP, CBSE and CISCE boards this year. Since the number of eligible candidates for the scheme is substantial, officers looking after the project are of the view that competitive bidding through a global tender would make the cost competitive.If all goes well, students will get tablet PCs and laptops by September, about two months after the start of the new academic session. While 36.82 lakh students are enrolled for class X of UP Board, about 26.36 lakh will appear in class XII. The pass percentage of UP board is around 70% for class X and 80% for class XII, which means that the government will have to buy 21 lakh laptops and 25 lakh tablet PCs for the students passing the UP Board examinations alone. If one takes into account the students of CBSE and CISCE also, the figure may touch 22 lakh laptops and 26 lakh tablet PCs.Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had constituted an \"overseeing committee\" in April to supervise the procurement of the laptops and tablet PCs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13621546", "title": "Earth took 10 million years to get over mass extinction: Study", "text": "LONDON: It took about 10 million years for the Earth to recover from the greatest mass extinction which nearly wiped out life some 250 million years ago, a new study has suggested. Scientists have long been debating on how life recovered, whether quickly or slowly, from this cataclysm that allowed only 10% of plants and animals to survive.Now, an international team from the China University of Geosciences in Wuhan and the University of Bristol found new evidence that suggested the recovery from the crisis lasted some 10 million years. According to the team, which detailed its finding in the journal Nature Geoscience , there were apparently two reasons for the delay, the intensity of the crisis and continuing grim conditions on Earth after the first wave of extinction. The end-Permian crisis, by far the most dramatic biological crisis to affect life on Earth, was triggered by a number of physical environmental shocks - global warming, acid rain, ocean acidification and ocean anoxia. These were enough to kill off 90% of living things on land and in the sea, the researchers said.\"It is hard to imagine how so much of life could have been killed, but there is no doubt from some of the fantastic rock sections in China and elsewhere round the world that this was the biggest crisis ever faced by life,\" said Zhong-Qiang Chen from the China University of Geosciences. Current research shows that the grim conditions continued in bursts for some five to six million years after the initial crisis, with repeated carbon and oxygen crises, warming and other ill effects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13616268", "title": "Shankarsinh Vaghela is Indian Tourism Development Corporation chairman", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Senior Congress leader and former chief minister Shankarsinh Vaghela has been appointed chairman of the Indian Tourism Development Corporation (ITDC), which runs the Ashoka group of hotels across the country.Vaghela, who had lost the last Lok Sabha election in 2009 from the Godhra seat, had tried for a Rajya Sabha ticket recently. The ITDC position, which gives him a cabinet rank, a house in New Delhi and other perks, underscores his importance for the Congress in an assembly election year.He is already the chairman of the Congress campaign committee for the Gujarat assembly elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "13624546", "title": "Ajmer region shines with 84% in CBSE XII results", "text": "AJMER: It was back to back success for the Ajmer region. After Thursday's success in Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) Class X results, the region again stood third in CBSE Class XII results which were announced on Monday morning.The overall pass percentage of the region was 84.28. The region comprises Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh , Gujarat and the Union Territory of Dader and Nager Havelli. Chennai region topped the list with Delhi region bagging the second slot.However, the overall pass percentage witnessed a drop of 0.69% from last year.Girls, this time too, managed to outshine boys. The success rate for boys was recorded at 81.47% while 88.37% girls qualified.About 84,456 students registered this year for Class XII in Ajmer region out of which 83,942 appeared for the final exams, in which 34,188 were girls and 49,754 were boys.\"Out of this, 70,747 passed. The number of successful girls stood at 30,213 while 40,534 boys qualified,\" said Pushpa Wadhwa, regional officer of Ajmer region. Ajmer region's pass percentage last year was recorded at 85.05.Girls set eyes on better careerCity girls continued with their fine performance in board exams, and this time too outclassed boys in CBSE results for commerce. Schools in the city claimed that the number of girls opting for the stream has increased considerably this time. The Commerce topper in the city too is a girl. Ridhi Khandelwal, a resident of the Walled City, top scored with 97.2%. Most girls opting for the stream want to pursue a career as chartered accountants (CA) or company secretaries (CS). Cambridge Court High School principal Lata Rawat said, \"Among the top 11 rankers in our school in commerce stream, 10 are girls.\" Rawat attributed the success to more girls looking to pursue a career in accountancy. \"This is a new trend which we noticed in this year's result. More girls want to become CA and CS now,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13624009", "title": "He lost 4 of his kin, couldn\u2019t save fifth", "text": "MUMBAI: It was a race against time for Dipak Sonawane (30) who left his wife, elder son, niece and mother-in-law-all crushed under the wheels of a bus-on the accident spot to rush his injured younger son to the nearest hospital, but all his efforts to save the fiveyear-old proved futile, with the boy dying by the time he could get any help.An autorickshaw driver, Sonawane, along with his entire family, had gone to Ghatkopar to attend the wedding of his wife's relative. On their home, tragedy struck and five of the Sonawane family were killed in the mishap that took place near Khalapur toll post, 70 km from Pune. A total of 27 people died in the accident and another 29 were injured.When Dipak saw his younger son, Omkar, lying severely battered and still gasping for breath, he picked him up, managed to get hold of a vehicle and headed for Sassoon Hospital in Pune. But by the time he reached the hospital , Omkar had already succumbed to multiple injuries.\"Dipak is a real braveheart . His wife Reshma (27) and son Swapnil (7) had died on the spot, but he did not stop there and grieve over the loss. Instead, he immediately picked up Om, who was covered in blood and fighting for breath, managed to arrange for a vehicle and rushed towards Sassoon Hospital , trying his best to save him. But unfortunately by the time he reached the hospital , Om had already died of his injuries,\" said Omkar's uncle Anil Waman Shinde, who also lost his daughter, Pooja in the mishap. She was a student of Class VII in People Education Society's School at Yerawada in Pune. \"Dipak's mother-in-law Kalawati Gaikwad was also killed on the spot,\" Anil added.Pathologist D G Kulkarni, medical superintendent of Sassoon Hospital, said, \"Both the children, Om and Pooja, were dead when they were brought to hospital.\"Dumbfound by the sudden blow, Anil did not know how to react but, according to him, Dipak lost no time in trying to save his child. \"I had turned completely numb and couldn't understand what had happened. But Dipak did not lose his wits. He carried the gasping child into the vehicle but unfortunately , everything proved futile,\" Anil said.Even the Sonawanes' neighbours at Laxminagar in Yerawada are yet to come with terms to the tragedy that has struck the family. \"Om studied in Class I in a municipal-run English-medium school in Yerawada. He was a lively kid, full of enthusiasm ,\" said a neighbour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13620145", "title": "She\u2019s special: After IIT seat, NCR top spot", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prachi Gupta had settled for third position in her school after the Class XII results were declared on Monday. But a phone call from the school in the evening left her equally surprised and elated. Prachi topped NCR in the differently-abled category while securing third position in the country in the same category.\"It was a big surprise. I credit it to my hard work, and support of my friends, teachers and family,\" said 17-year-old Prachi, who studied in Ch Chhabil Das Public School. She scored 94.6%.Prachi suffered from a congenital problem in her leg and had to be operated upon when she was barely two years old. She said whenever she faced a problem her friends were there to help. \"My friends even carried my bag for me when I had to move around,\" said Prachi who was ranked 11th in the IIT-JEE this year in the differently-abled category.Daughter of a UP government official, she is thinking of pursuing computer science engineering. Alka from Sarvodaya Kanya Vidyalaya, Nangloi, became the Delhi topper in the same category with 94.2%.It was almost like moving a mountain for some. But their determination beat all odds. Disappointed by his Class X result, Vaibhav Shukla decided to give his all in Class XII exams. He scored 86.4% marks in the humanities stream-the highest in his class at Jormal Periwal Memorial Senior Secondary School for Blind near Hotel Oberoi. Visually-impaired since birth, Vaibhav's mother says his handicap never came in his way.She added that the credit for his education and development goes to his father. When Vaibhav was six, his father enrolled him into the special school in the city for lack of a similar facility in his native district of Unnao in Uttar Pradesh. He studied for 10-12 hours every day by listening to recorded lessons on an MP3 player and reading Braille. \"I am very satisfied with the result. I have lived up to my family's expectations,\" said Vaibhav, who scored 99% in music.Three students from DPS RK Puram also shared a deep interest in music. They cannot see. But they stood by each other through time and tide and attributed their success in Class XII exams to their combined study sessions. \"Before the exams we studied together. One of us used to read out the chapters and questions after which we would discuss,\" said Kiran Tokas, who scored highest of the lot - an 86% in the best four subjects in humanities. Ambika Khattar scored 86% and Shipra Kumari Kardam got 83%.Gurgaon boy Viplove Yadav suffers from congenital blindness. But it was his mother who filled him in with whatever his eyes would miss. She would dictate him the lessons. This student of DAV Public School scored 89.4% in commerce.The success story of Suneet Anand of Gurgaon is even more fascinating. An eye cancer patient, Suneet studied even when he was admitted in the hospital in September. He didn't let his illness dominate his will. Anand scored 88.75% and studies in DPS Gurgaon Sector 45.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "13623387", "title": "Nepal PM's poll call stirs an avalanche of protests", "text": "KATHMANDU: Nepal's opposition on Monday called Prime Minister Baburam Bhattarai's call for general elections on November 22 \"unconstitutional\" and demanded his resignation to pave the way for national consensus government.While addressing a function to mark the Republic Day on Monday, Bhattarai said the constitution could not be prepared due to disagreement between \"progressive\" forces and \"status quoist\" forces. Later, Bhattarai told reporters, \"There is no alternative to elections. This government will hold elections. There is a need to institutionalise democracy, republic and federalism.\"The interim constitution has no provision for elections . To hold elections, Bhattarai will have to win the confidence of the opposition which is adamant about his resignation. \"There is no constitutional basis to call elections ,\" said vice-president of Nepal Congress Ram Chandra Poudel. \"The constitution has to be amended first.\" He, however, said polls were needed in the given context.Elections could either be held by amending the constitution or on the basis of political consensus, but there is no parliament to amend the Constitution and the present government has lost its legitimacy ,\" said Poudel.\"As a way out, the present government should resign,\" said Poudel over phone.Then the president can call for the formation of a national government.After Prime Minister Bhattarai's cabinet decided Sunday night to call general election for constituent assembly , Nepali Congress and Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist Leninist) met President Ram Baran Yadav at midnight to inform him of the crisis, said Nepali Congress leader Minendra Rijal.\"We told him there is no legislative basis for this government ,\" said Rijal.UML leader Bhim Rawal, too, said the government's election call is \"unacceptable\" . \"The election was called without respecting the minimum of democratic norms when parliament was still alive,\" he said.President Yadav will begin legal and political consultations from Tuesday after Nepal celebrates republic day on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13614548", "title": "Nitin Raut to help Nagpur University get encroached land", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra EGS minister Nitin Raut on Monday assured all help in removing encroachments from Nagpur University's 70-acre land which they got back from the state government following a lengthy legal battle in the Bombay High Court's bench here. The land is situated behind the University campus on Amravati Road.\"The issue is definitely serious and I will take this up with other ministers of the region,\" Raut told TOI on the sidelines of his visit to NU.\"I have read about the issue in the media and will definitely help the NU administration in getting back the land which is theirs,\" the minister added.The 70-acre land issue had become a contentious issue for the NU administration since the last decade as the state was reluctant to return after having taken it for building a sports complex.The NU administration, including VC Vilas Sapkal, board of college and university director (BCUD) Arvind Chaudhari, controller of examinations (CoE) Siddharth Kane, and senior management council member Baban Taywade, is now hoping that Raut keeps his words.NU had handed over the 70.09 acres to the government for building a sports complex in 1992. The project was shifted to Mankapur on Koradi Road. Gradually, slum dwellers began encroaching on the vacant plot.Out of the total area, 26 acres was encroached by the slum dwellers while the remaining 44 acres was handed over to NU on March 30, 2010 on the high court's directives. Of this, seven acres had already been encroached by food-joints.TOI had been tracking this issue since long and in a series of reports had reported how NU's land meant for educational purpose had been turned into illegal permit rooms by the encroachers.Raut also asked VC to exempt foreign students from appearing in entrance exam for PhD. \"Those students find it difficult to answer questions which are largely based on the country. Hardly 10-12 such students come to the city for pursuing PhD. We should extend them cooperation so that more number of foreign students should flock here,\" he said.Raut donates Rs 1.5 lakh for lecture series on Lord BuddhaNitin Raut donated Rs 1.5 lakh in his personal capacity for starting a yearly lecture series on 'Socio, politico, and economic teaching of Lord Buddha' in NU from this year. He visited the NU premises along with his wife and daughter to hand over the cheque to vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal. \"Buddha's preaching should reach the masses,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13637300", "title": "Udhayanidhi gets inked OKOK!", "text": "Producer-turned-actor now has a new tattoo. He has got himself inked post the success of his first film OKOK.Earlier, he got a tattoo of his son Inba's name and now he has his daughter Thanmaya's name inked too. He told a paper, \"My daughter likes stars so I got a star design done. I have inked my daughter's name and OKOK too.\" The actor recently returned from a holiday in Europe with his family and friends. His father Stalin and mother were also part of the group. They apparently had a rollicking time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13621662", "title": "New test to spot diseases early", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have devised a new, ultra-sensitive test which they say could detect signs of a disease in its earliest stages.Researchers at the Imperial College London said their new test can accurately detect particular molecules that indicate the presence of a disease, even when these are in very low concentrations.There are already tests available for some diseases that look for such biomarkers using \"biosensors\".However, existing biosensors become less sensitive and predictable at detecting biomarkers when they are in very low concentrations , as occurs when a disease is in its early stages.In the new study, published in journal Nature Materials, the researchers demonstrated that the new biosensor test can find a biomarker associated with prostate cancer, called Prostate Specific Antigen ( PSA). However, the biosensor can be easily reconfigured to test for other diseases or viruses where the related biomarker is known, the researchers said.Prof Molly Stevens, who led the research, said: \"It is vital to detect diseases at an early stage if we want people to have the best possible outcomes - diseases are usually easier to treat at this stage, and early diagnosis can give us the chance to halt a disease before symptoms worsen.\"However, for many diseases, using current technology to look for early signs of disease can be like finding the proverbial needle in a haystack,\" he noted.\"Our new test can actually find that needle. We only looked at the biomarker for one disease in this study, but we're confident that the test can be adapted to identify many other diseases at an early stage,\" he added.Protein engineered to attack cancer cellsScientists claim to have engineered a protein which allows the body's immune cells to get inside tumours and attack cancer cells. The pioneering experiment, published in the 'Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences' journal, was carried out by an international team led by Prof Ruth Ganss at the Western Australian Institute for Medical Research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13622331", "title": "Gunmen thrash trader on crowded street", "text": "KOLKATA: A group of armed assailants attacked a businessman at Raja Rajendralal Mitra street in Beliaghata on Monay afternoon. They pumped three bullets into the peacock blue swift car of the businessman. However, the none of the bullets hit the victim and he received only minor injuries.The victim later lodged a complaint against his elder brother, saying the two brothers have been in a property dispute for quite some time.The victim - Amit Jain (36) - is a resident of Bagmari Road. He reached the place at around 2.30pm on Tuesday. Just as he got down from his car after arriving at the spot, Amit found himself circled by six armed youths on three motorcycles. They assaulted him and fired three shots at his car before fleeing, said joint commissioner (crime) Biswarup Ghosh.Amit was taken to the hospital where he was treated and discharged. He later lodged a complaint with Beliaghata police station that his brother Dipak Jain, with whom he had serious property dispute, had plotted this attack on him.Police detained Dipak Jain for interrogation on the basis of the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13614186", "title": "Trader looted, shot in Sadar Bazar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Miscreants shot dead one person and critically injured another in north Delhi on Monday night.The incident took place in the Sadar Bazaar area at 8:20pm when Rajinder Jain, 55, and his nephew Paras Jain, 30, were returning to their car parked near Tiz Hazari metro station. Both were returning with a bag full of cash when three men in a car opened fire on them, while robbing them of the cash.Rajinder suffered a gunshot injury in the heart, and was declared dead at St Stephens hospital. Paras also suffered gunshot injuries and was in a critical state in hospital, a police source said. The miscreants escaped with the cash and have yet not been identified. A case has been registered, police said.The victims have a wholesale business in Sadar Bazaar and daily parked their car near the Tiz Hazari metro station, from there they took a rickshaw to office. Cops suspect the miscreants were trailing the duo. \"We suspect that their routine was being tracked by the miscreants and they followed them to the metro station. They struck right when they had got off the rickshaw and were walking to the metro station. They had probably done prior recce and were familiar with their routine,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad/mahuva", "code": "13617008", "title": "In a first, captive-bred vultures to be released in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD/MAHUVA: Vulture conservation in Gujarat has got a major boost with the Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS) selecting Mahuva and Ahmedabad among the six provisional vultures' safe zones (VSZ) in India. Within three years, vultures successfully bred in captivity under the BNHS's Save Asia's Vultures from Extinction (SAVE) programme will be released in their natural environments in Mahuva.The move comes as a recognition of sorts for years of hard work put in by NGOs. They launched awareness campaigns in this coastal town against the use of diclofenac, the Non-Steroidal Anti-Inflammatory (NSAID) which is the main cause of sharp decline in vulture population.\"The aim of developing VSZs is to establish targeted awareness activities surrounding 150 km radius of vultures' colonies so that no diclofenac or the veterinary toxic drugs are found in cattle carcasses, the main food of vultures. We noticed that considerable work has been done at Mahuva in Bhavnagar and Ahmedabad in this direction,\" Dr Vibhu Prakash, deputy director, BNHS told TOI.The society will concentrate on Saurashtra and central Gujarat first as these regions have good vulture population. \"Mahuva is being considered as the first such site in the country to release captive-bred vultures in the wild within the next three years,'' said Prakash, who heads the vulture breeding programme in India.Prakash said the vultures are in peril, particularly the Gyps species like Oriental White-backed Vulture, Longbilled Vulture and Slender-billed Vulture. Gujarat is particularly important for vultures due to presence of animal shelters running in the state.\"These sites take in injured and abandoned cattle which are placed out for vultures to feed upon once they die. They have been quick to stop the use of diclofenac and instead use meloxicam,'' said Janki Teli, Vulture Advocacy Officer, BNHS.Of the four other provisional VSZs, two are in Uttar Pradesh, while Assam and Jharkhand have got one each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13613811", "title": "Passion for shooting helped Bhopal\u2019s Varsha Varman top exam", "text": "BHOPAL: Live with passion to scale heights in life. This is what Bhopal's Varsha Varman has proved by scaling both in sports and academics: Bhopal's topper in CBSE Class XII examination and the silver medalist in the Asian Shooting Championship.Varsha's passion for shooting was such that she appeared for the last World Cup trials during her Class XII exam. \"I have set the targets in my life whether it is shooting or academics,\" Varsha said. She participated in the world shooting championship held in Tucson , USA.She clinched silver medal in the junior level trap event at the Asian Shooting Championship organised in Doha last year. Appeared in three World Cup events, Varsha said her passion for shooting was the reason behind her success. \"Appearing for the trials amid the exam was really a challenge for me. But, I did not want to miss it at any cost,\" the national shooter said.An ardent fan of Olympic medalists Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore and Abhinav Bindra , Varsha wants to don the Indian tricolour in the 2016 Rio Olympics in Brazil. \"I have set my target for the next Olympics,\" said the trap shooter.When asked about the level of competitions she has to surpass for the Olympics qualifier, Varsha said, \"I have proved myself by achieving medal in international shooting and also in CBSE XII. I do not think there is anything tough if you have a proper planning and set your target.\" Varsha however, felt that practicing in India won't make her Olympic dream a reality. \"I have to go out for training to secure a berth for the next Olympics.Training abroad is a must to reach the top level in shooting at the international level,\" she said adding that likes of Bindra and Rathore have been trained abroad before they touched the podium in Olympics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "sangrampur (buldhana)", "code": "13620193", "title": "Malnourished kids battle to stay alive in drought-hit Mahauukh", "text": "SANGRAMPUR (BULDHANA): On May 20, 18-year-old Sarjubai Tota gave birth to a girl without any medical assistance in her thatched, one-room marital home. While Sarjubai weighs a mere 28 kg, her daughter weighs 1 kg (the normal weight for a newborn is around 2.5 kg).Eight days on, Sarjubai hasn't even held her daughter once. In fact, she is oblivious to her daughter's presence. Paralysed in the third month of her pregnancy, Sarjubai now drifts in and out of consciousness and spends most of her time moaning in pain.As shocking as Sarjubai's situation is, this is the way of life for people in Shemba village where the Totas reside. The Sangrampur block, which includes Shemba village, of Buldhana district has emerged as the new Melghat with over 2,000 malnourished children and this year's drought has only made things worse.\"I have to trek four km down a hill and then walk another six km to reach a shop from where I can buy milk. Water is a luxury and we get it if we are lucky. I don't know how my wife and child will survive in these conditions,\" said Sarjubai's husband Santosh (20).So scarce is water that the 400-odd people residing in Shemba village have to trudge down a rocky terrain for a kilometer to access the two nearest hand pumps. \"Children suffer the most during a drought. While getting basic nourishment for them is a problem, they also have to run around for basic resources,\" said an anganwadi teacher.With inadequate healthcare facilities and anganwadis remaining shut for most of the summer months, villagers in the Sangrampur taluka watch helplessly as children wilt away due to malnutrition. Shemba alone has 40 malnourished children. Of the two anganwadis in the village, the one run by the zilla parishad is closed most of the time, said residents. The second, run by the Gajanan Maharaj Trust, is doing its bit by distributing food.The Sangrampur taluka comprises 105 villages and has 3.25 lakh residents. Of these, 15,000 live below the poverty line. While the entire region is plagued by malnutrition, 18 tribal villages are worst hit.In 2011, 23 child deaths were recorded in the taluka and activists claim this is a deflated figure. According to the data available with the child development care department, 18% or 2,567 children of the total 14,905 in the region suffer from moderate or severe malnutrition, which means they don't weigh as much as they should in keeping with their age. Technically, 308 children suffer from moderate acute malnutrition and 28 from severe acute malnutrition (their weight does not correspond to height). This despite the fact that there are 173 anganwadis in the region to \"cater to the needs\" of the children.Villagers and activists said they don't remember a single primary healthcare worker visiting the region or balanced died being served to children in the recent past. \"Although drought has been declared here, no efforts are being made to ease the situation. Critical patients have to be taken either to the government hospital in Akola which is 85 km away or Shegaon which is 60 km away,\" said activist Kailash Khadse.An integrated child development services official said, \"We provide a balanced diet to children. Often, it is because people in these areas are uneducated that problems arise.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13615967", "title": "Congress laments use of violence in politics", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Monday voiced concern over CPM leader M M Mani's controversial statement that his party carried out political murders.The party targeted both the Left and the BJP , accusing them of using \"violence as an instrument of politics\".AICC spokesman Manish Tewari said Mani's statement flagged a larger issue about the \"use of violence as an instrument of politics\".Tewari said that while on one hand there was an extreme doctrine of left-wing extremism of Maoists which believed in violent means, on the other hand there was the extreme right or religion-based groups like jihadists.Tewari also attacked Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi , saying, \"The irony of this is that the first person to condemn it is the chief minister of Gujarat, a state which is confessing to fake encounters before the high court.\"He said that the larger question was use of violence to achieve political power. \"We need to very seriously ponder how do we get rid of the toxin of violence from our body politic,\" Tewari said, cautioning against the manifestations of violence in mainstream politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "13623590", "title": "Congress, Nationalist Congress Party bag legislative council seats", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Congress and the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) on Monday won one seat each from Marathwada in the state legislative council, the elections for which were held on May 25.Dilip Deshmukh, the Congress nominee and younger brother of Union minister for science and technology Vilasrao Deshmukh , retained the seat from Osmanabad-Beed-Latur local self government constituency in the state legislative council. He has won the seat for the third time in a row.Osmanabad collector Pravin Gedam declared Dilip Deshmukh elected. He told TOI, \"Out of the 737 votes, Dilip Deshmukh won 666 votes, while Sudheer Kulkarni - the candidate supported by the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) - secured 63 votes. Eight votes were declared invalid.\"Meanwhile, Babajani Durrani of the NCP was declared elected from the Parbhani-Hingoli constituency in the legislative council.Parbhani collector Shaligram Wankhede said that out of 409 votes, Durrani secured 228, while his opponent, Brijlal Khurana, a businessman from Hingoli, won 176 votes.Five votes were declared invalid, he added.There were some interesting developments during the election which had jeopardised the Congress-NCP alliance.As was the understanding, the Congress contested from the Osmababad-Beed-Latur constituency despite having less number of party councilors than the NCP.On the other hand, the NCP was to contest from Parbhani-Hingoli which was earlier represented by Suresh Deshmukh, a Congress leader from Parbhani.However, things took an interesting turn when Suresh Deshmukh, the sitting MLC, filed his nomination papers as an independent candidate from Parbhani-Hingoli constituency defying the party's electoral alliance. The NCP retaliated by fielding former Beed MLA Syed Saleem as the NCP nominee in Osmanabad-Beed-Latur constituency against Dilip Deshmukh, to exert pressure for withdrawal of candidature by Suresh Deshmukh, considered a close confidante of Union minister Deshmukh.Just half a minute before the expiry of time for withdrawal of nomination, Suresh Deshmukh withdrew his papers.Subsequently, NCP leaders asked Saleem to withdraw his nomination as well, said NCP sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13615929", "title": "Congress signs exchange pact with United Russia party", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Monday signed a bilateral exchange agreement with All Russia Political Party called United Russia, as part of its move to establish relationships with the largest spectrum of democratic political establishments.The Congress delegation comprised chairperson of the party's media department Janardan Dwivedi and general secretary Mukul Wasnik.The agreement talks of a regular exchange of information between Congress and United Russia regarding political and other developments in both the countries.There would be a regular exchange of party delegations on different levels, including organizing expert meetings, parliamentary exchanges and regular round-tables on issues of international importance as well issues which are specific to Indo-Russian affairs.The parties will actively promote the development of contacts between youth, women, humanitarian, educational and other non-governmental organizations also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13624810", "title": "Minister moots measures to better SSLC pass percentage", "text": "HUBLI: Though overall SSLC pass percentage in the state has gone up this year, Dharwad district has been relegated to no. 20 from its no. 13 position last year. The falling performance of the district, considered an education hub, has had education minister Visveswara Hegde Kageri worried. To arrest further fall and reinstate the reputation of the district, the minister has proposed a slew of improvement measures, for students as well as teachers.Kageri said here on Monday that the programmes will entail special classes for students who are poor in studies. Special focus will be on schools where performance is abysmal, whereas extra classes will be arranged in other schools too.For teachers there will be intensive training sessions to upgrade their knowledge and teaching skills, he said. Similar programmes will be organized elsewhere in the state, after identifying the need.Books available!Nearly 90 per cent books have reached all schools while uniforms will be distributed among students before June 15, he said.Awareness on RTE!Speaking about implementation of Right to Education (RTE), Kageri said the government is creating awareness about RTE among parents, and this year will be very important as this is the first academic year of implementing RTE in the state. The government has ordered all educational institutions including private schools to implement RTE. The confusion among minority institutions pertaining to RTE will be sorted out soon, he said. As for donation menace dogging educational institutions, the minister told parents to complain to the DC or to the education department about schools demanding capitation fee.Recruitment !For recruitment of PU lectures for 1,764 posts, we have received 95,000 applications and exams will be conducted from June 12 to 21. For high school teachers posts we have received 2.25 lakh applications for 3,404 posts and exams for the same will be conducted from June 23 to 26, Kageri added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13613917", "title": "Parking row: Man shot in Karol Bagh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four murders were reported in the past 24 hours from across the capital.A businessman, Naresh Gupta, who owns a flour mill in Karol Bagh, was murdered by two persons in the area on Sunday night following an argument over parking of a rickshaw, police said. One of the accused has been identified as Arun but both are absconding. Pradeep Dagar, a property dealer, who had lost heavily in IPL betting and had not paid back the amount to the bookie, was shot dead in Najafgarh. Sandeep Mental's gang is suspected to be behind the murder.In another incident, an unidentified man was found dead with multiple stab injuries near a canal in Miawali Nagar, west Delhi. An unidentified youth was also found dead with several injury marks in Chandni Chowk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13617636", "title": "Nadiad man arrested for raping daughter", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 44-year-old man has been arrested by Nadiad town police for repeatedly raping his 14-year-old daughter over a period of 12 months on Monday. The minor was impregnated by her father and then aborted, police said.Nadiad police have recovered 28-day-old fetus that was buried by the accused in a graveyard. Police have sent the accused and victim for DNA test to town Civil Hospital.According to Nadiad police officials, accused Ibrahim, a resident of Vohravaad, raped his daughter Aamna (name changed), between March 2011 and January 2012. \"Ibrahim's wife is a Pakistan national and she used to visit her relatives frequently. She had gone to Pakistan in February 2011 and returned after 14 months. Ibrahim was alone with Aamna in March and raped her. He threatened her not to tell anyone or he would harm her and her mother,\" a Nadiad police official said.The incident came to light when her mother came back from Pakistan last month. She complained her of severe abdominal pain. She was then taken for sonography, where it was revealed that she was pregnant.\"Ibrahim took her for abortion and disposed off the foetus when his wife was threatening him of police case. He was absconding for past fortnight. On the basis of tip-off, we nabbed him on Sunday,\" inspector of Nadiad town police station H B Rathod said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13613642", "title": "Bhopal's Central Library now a protected monument", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh government has declared the famous Central Library in the city as a protected monument.State culture minister Laxmikant Sharma said that sanction has been granted to issue the final notification to this effect. This notification is issued under Archaeological Sites and Remains Act, 1964.This red stone structure is one of the oldest and beautiful buildings in the city. It was built in 1908 by the then Nawab of Bhopal state Begum Sultan Jahan for housing Kind Edward Museum. Her objective behind the establishment of the museum was to display the gifts and offerings presented to the rulers of the state.The museum was inaugurated in 1909 by the then Viceroy of India Lord Minto. It was closed down during the Nawab era itself on account of lack of maintenance. Then in 1955, Maulana Azad Central Library was housed in this building. At that time, the library had about 60,000 books and manuscripts in Hindi, English, Urdu, Persian, Arabic and Sanskrit. This building situated on Itwara Road is known as Edward Museum, Malauna Azad Central Library, Kendriya Pustakalaya and Ajaib Ghar also.No digging or construction work can be carried out on the land and buildings situated within 200 meter radius of it without permission of the commissioner, Archaeology and Archives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13613563", "title": "CBSE Class 12 results out, poor lad from Manipur is all-India topper", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mohammad Ismat nearly missed out filling his registration forms for his class XII because he couldn't afford it. Nearly six months later, in an amazing turn of events, he emerged as the all-India topper in the CBSE class XII exams on Monday. He is now preparing to join St Stephen's College in Delhi.Ismat, the only male child among 7 siblings of a family with limited means and hailing from the troubled state of Manipur, became the first ever all-India topper in the CBSE exam from the region, scoring 495 marks out of 500.A science student, he scored 98 in English core, 100 in mathematics, 97 in physics, 100 in chemistry and 100 in painting. In fact, even in the additional subject Ismat scored a perfect 100. He is a resident of Lilong Haoreibi village in Thoubal distric, around 20km from Imphal.He studied at Zenith Academy and would spend most of his time in school as his place gets just two to three hours of electricity in a day. His 75-year-old father Bashirur Rahman was a primary school teacher.\"I really had to work hard. I belong to a very poor family. Moreover getting even the most common reading material itself is a challenge. In addition, the state is in turmoil. However, I still managed to put in eight to ten hours of study every day and thanks to the support of my school I managed to emerge successful in the exams,\" said Ismat.He studied till class VIII at Kendriya Vidyalaya in Imphal , before joining Sainik School. He scored 94.2% in his class X CBSE examination, but could not continue in Sainik School as his parent could not afford the fees.\"I would like to study physics in St Stephen's and become a scientist. After my university degree I would like to join the civil services and hopefully will be able to make a difference to my state,\" said Ismat.According to his principal, S M Singh, Ismat is an ambitious, honest and simple student. \"I remember when he failed to fill the forms and nearly missed the exams. I got to know and paid for the same. He stayed with me most of the time and I tried to give as many reading materials as possible. In fact, he is physically weak and I had to keep warning him to stop studying as he would continue to do so for hours together,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13619313", "title": "6 members of a family murdered", "text": "KANPUR: All the six members of a family were found murdered in Pilkhar village, under the jurisdiction of Ekdil police, in Etawah district on Sunday night. Unidentified assailants reportedly barged into the house of Suresh Yadav (50) in Pilkhar village, situated on Kanpur-Agra highway and hacked him, his wife Vimla Devi (45), son Avnish (22) and daughters Rashmi (18), Shweta (15) and Surabhi (12) to death.Senior officials, including district magistrate P Guru Prasad and SSP Rajesh Modak D Rao, have reached the spot.The murders came to light after Neeraj, a boy living in the vicinity, spotted blood stain marks near the entrance of Suresh's house at around 7am on Monday while he was going to his fields. He informed other villagers about it. The locals rushed to the spot and found the bodies of Suresh, his wife Vimla Devi, son Avnish and daughters Rashmi, Shweta and Surabhi lying in a pool of blood. Suresh's body was found lying on the cot at the entrance while the bodies of his wife and four children were lying on their cots in the courtyard of the house. The villagers informed the Ekdil police about the gruesome killings.Police officials said they are trying to ascertain the motive behind the murders.The SSP, who reached the spot with a team of finger print experts and sniffer dog, said that the murders were committed with sharp-edged weapons by around 8-10 persons on Sunday night. The assailants had sedated them before slitting open the neck of the six persons as there was no sign of resistance, he added.\"We have also collected food samples to ascertain the facts. We are investigating the matter from every possible angle,\" Rao added.The police believe that the murders could also be linked to a land dispute involving Yadav and another villager.\"Suresh Yadav owned a 16 bighas of land on the national highway and the murders probably relate to a dispute over it. His son Avnish was about to get married on June 15 and marriage preparations in Yadav household was in full swing,\" Rao added. A team has been constituted to look into the crime. The criminals would be brought to book as soon as possible.It is believed that the murders were executed after 12.30am. But, the villagers could not get any clue as Suresh's house is situated on the extreme end of the village.The police are trying to zero-in on Suresh's sibling Ram Prasad alias Pintu. Cops found it suspicious that Pintu's mobile phone was switched off since the time of the murder and he was untraceable.Suresh was a marginal farmer but has 20 bighas of precious land situated on Kanpur-Agra highway. Police suspect property dispute as the motive behind the brutal killings.Panic prevailed in the village. The villagers said that the family had no enmity with anyone.Woman commits suicide: A 25-year-old woman committed suicide in the house of her in-laws in Yashoda Nagar on Sunday night. Archana, wife of Manish Singh, hanged herself to death from the ceiling. Mystery shrouds her death. Naubasta police said that no suicide note was found. According to the family members, the woman had a tiff with her husband over minor issue.After quarrelling with her husband, she went inside her room and bolted the doors from inside and ended her life. The body was sent for post-mortem examination.Accident: A 23-year-old youth died in an accident on Monday. Sunil Singh, a resident of Maharajpur, used to work in a private firm in Transport Nagar. Singh was on his way back to Chakeri on a two-wheeler when he was hit by a truck near HAL ground. He died on the spot.Grain trader shot at: A 28-year-old grain trader was shot at and critically injured by two bikers when he was on his way back home from Maharajpur on a two-wheeler on Monday.he incident took place in the early hours of Monday. Ashok Sahu, resident of Yashoda Nagar and a wholesaler at Galla Mandi in Naubasta was admitted to a private hospital in a critical state.According to reports, the victim went to purchase wheat in Maharajpur. He was carrying cash worth Rs 1.5 lakh and was on his way back from Maharajpur. When he was about to reach Naubasta, his two-wheeler was intercepted by two bike-borne assailants who shot at and critically injured Sahu when he offered resistance.Police suspect that some persons, who were aware that Ashok had money with him could be behind the act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13620500", "title": "Delhi budget: Nothing for common man: Malhotra", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"Chief minister Sheila Dikshit has betrayed the people of Delhi,\" said VK Malhotra, leader of the Opposition in Delhi Assembly, reacting to Monday's budget. Hitting out at the CM, Malhotra said the 5% VAT on CNG will burden the common man as the cost of commodities will increase dramatically.\"Most of the commercial vehicles, especially those that used intra-city, run on CNG. The increase of Rs 1.75 per kg will result in increased cost of goods. Autorickshaws and buses will also demand an increase,\" Malhotra said while speaking to TOI. Calling the reduction in petrol prices by Rs 1.26 per litre a \"bad joke\", Malhotra said the government was not thinking about the \"aam admi\". \"If the government was serious, it would have exempted petrol from VAT, just like our government has done in Goa,\" he said.Terming the announcements a \"repetition of old proposals\", he said, \"Proposals to increase the bed strength in government hospitals, expand the ambulance fleet, build more BRT corridors and other infrastructure projects have figured in previous budgets. But the government has failed to deliver''.The decision to install water meters in unauthorized colonies and slums has given the BJP yet another reason to attack the government. \"At present, these people pay Rs 150 for water. But now, they have to pay close to Rs 1,000 as water bill and additional sewer surcharges. This is unfair. Without providing facilities, how can the government force people to pay up?\" Malhotra said.The BJP has decided to oppose the government's move to give cash instead of ration. \"Instead of strengthening the PDS system, they want to take the easy way out. We can't ensure that all these people buy ration with the cash given to them,'' he said. He also criticized Dikshit's announcement to make Delhi a \"kerosene-free state\". \"This is a farce. The subsidy is only on the connection. How will poor people buy new cylinders when they don't have money to feed themselves?\" he questioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13634052", "title": "Dhoni gets a \u2018superhero\u2019 bike", "text": "Fans impressed by the first look of his unusual bike that he posted onlineWhile Shah Rukh Khan's team might have lifted the cup last night, MS Dhoni has also received his share of praise from all quarters.From Sourav Ganguly describing Dhoni as the best T20 captain now to even starlet Poonam Pandey speaking about how she was bowled over by Team Chennai's performance in the finals despite losing to SRK, Team India's Captain Cool seems to be getting a fair share of adulation.In a rare insight to his personal feelings, Dhoni acknowledged on twitter that it has been \"emotional moment\" for him now that the tournament is over. After the finals, he went on to post: \"Quite an emotional moment.playing together for 2 months and finally wishing each other before v depart our ways but only to meet again. (sic)\"But what was pleasantly surprising for his fans was that Dhoni didn't dwell upon how his team lost the game. Instead, he posted a picture of his unusual bike! Dhoni, who describes himself on his micronblogging site as \"Indian Cricket Team Captain, Biker, Gamer, hindi retro aficionado, an absolute pet-lover and perennially hungry for chicken butter masala\", posted two photos of what seems to be quite an interesting model of a bike. Needless to say, the photos received quite a good number of feedback about the bike's unusual look. Wrote a Chennai-based market analyst: \"@msdhoni Looks quite different, not seen before. You mean rear wheel is smaller than front wheel? Looks so!\" Another fan, Santosh Darne, posted: \"@msdhoni its Super Hero's Bike....perfect for this Superhero.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13621917", "title": "Senior IPS officer to be dismissed", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government has initiated steps to \"dismiss\" a senior IPS officer in the state on orders from the home ministry, say sources.The ministry's order has got the clearance from the top brass at Writers' Buildings, an official said on Monday, adding that the order is expected to be served on the officer by this week.The officer is in the rank of a DIG. His contemporaries have reached senior levels, but his promotion has been stalled following complaints and inquiries against him for several years.In case of dismissal, the penalized official does not even receive pension, say sources. There were allegations against the IPS officer, which have been inquired into over the years, and now the government has taken this step.In case of IAS officers, dismissal requires an order from the ministry of personnel. And for IPS officers, such an order comes from the ministry of home affairs. \"The state government simply executes it,\" the official said.\"The order from the ministry of home affairs has finally come to us, and we shall be executing it. The state has cleared the order, and it will be served on the officer in a few days,\" a home department official said on Monday.The officer could not be contacted for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13639881", "title": "Rishi\u2019s kidnapper revealed in Hitler Didi!", "text": "The mystery behind Rishi's ( Sumit Vats) kidnapping is just getting thicker with every passing day on Zee Tv's 'Hitler Didi'. The on-going track where Indira ( Rati Pandey) and Sumer (Abhinav Shukla) are trying to hunt down Rishi, is becoming all the more puzzling.The two have reached Mumbai and now we hear that the real culprit behind Rishi's kidnapping is none another than Vidith (Kapil Soni). Vidith till now was playing an out and out positive character but not anymore.In the upcoming episodes it will be revealed that Vidith wanted to take his revenge on Rishi and he along with Inder Sharma planned the entire kidnapping. The reason Vidith kidnaps Rishi is because after his unsuccessful attempts at being rich, this seems to be an easier option for Vidith to make a quick buck as he dreams of leading a luxurious life.However, Indira and Sumer will follow Indira's father Inder Sharma and after a long battle they will be successful in rescuing Rishi.When contacted, Kapil Soni said, \"A very interesting revelation is going to happen in the show soon which will leave the audiences stunned. I don't want to reveal anything at this point as it can spoil the surprise for viewers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13621172", "title": "Wedding tragedy: Toll rises to six", "text": "NASHIK: A truck carrying a wedding party plunged into a 25-feet ravine at Kasara on Sunday evening. While five family members died in course of their treatment at local hospitals on Sunday, one more victim Madhukar Donde, succumbed to his injuries early on Monday. Five were feared dead in the incident.The wedding revellers hailed from residents of Gulabwadi and had gone to Kasara to bring home the bride for the groom Sunil Chandramore. Since the Godavari train was cancelled on Sunday due to a mega-block the family hired a truck from Lahavit instead, to head to Kasara for celebrations.The truck which was headed back toward Gulabwadi home after the ceremony, After the ceremony, the marriage party started back home in the same truck, which plunged into the 25-feet ravine from a bridge leading to the which has access to the national highway. Akash Bhole died on the spot while Atul Chandramore, Shobha Donde, Indubai Bhor and Ratnakar Gade died in course of being treated at a local hospital. Akash Bhole was cremated in the late night itself.The death toll rose to six in the early hours of Monday when Madhukar Donde breathed his last at Civil Hospital. In the afternoon as five bodies were taken for cremation the people from the surrounding areas closed their business establishments for the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13619746", "title": "9 mins, difference between life &amp; death on expressway", "text": "MUMBAI: Losing control of vehicle due to speeding, hitting stationary vehicles and dozing off behind the wheel are the top reasons for serious accidents on the Mumbai-Pune Expressway, an analysis of accidents since the highway was opened in 2001 to January 2012 has shown.Of 1,823 accidents during the period, 931 occurred due to loss of control of vehicle, 461 due to hitting vehicles parked on the roadside and 149 for falling asleep while driving. Monday's accident, in which 27 people belonging to a marriage party died and at least 29 were injured near a toll plaza 42 km from Panvel on the highway, occurred due to the second reason.The highway police and expressway authorities say that a vehicle driven at 100 kmph takes just nine minutes less to reach one end of the expressway from the other than one being driven at 80 kmph. \"So why risk your life or that of others for just nine minutes of advantage?\" asked a senior official of IRB Infrastructure, that maintains the highway.MSRDC chief engineer and expressway in-charge Arun Deodhar said that if vehicles strictly adhered to road discipline and did not exceed a speed of 80 kmph, mishaps would not take place on the highway. \"In Monday's case, too, had the speed of the vehicle that hit the marriage party been under control, the effects would have been far less deadly.\"He said the rightmost lane was meant for overtaking, whereas the middle lane was for smaller vehicles. \"Heavy vehicles are supposed to take only the leftmost lane, which is a slow lane. After overtaking, a light or a heavy vehicle should come back to the middle and the leftmost lane, respectively, but this does not happen, resulting in mishaps.\"According to another MSRDC official, speeding creates friction between tyres and the road, resulting in tyres, and the air inside tubes, getting heated beyond safe levels. \"If air pressure is higher than permissible limits, a tyre will eventually burst, causing the vehicle to go out of control. Over the past four years, such mishaps have increased.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13617698", "title": "20-year-old man beaten to death by gang of three", "text": "CHENNAI: Three men clobbered to death a 20-year-old youth, with a cricket bat, following an argument. Police have arrested the accused who are now undergoing treatment in a hospital.Police said Karunakaran, 20, a brick kiln worker and a resident of Krishna Nagar on Grand Trunk Road had gone to his uncle's house for a function on Sunday night.He and his friends were standing on the road, chattin, when a share autorickshaw driven by a person called Arun Kumar dashed against a few of them. Karunakaran and his friends beat up the driver badly.Arun returned with his uncle Pushparaj and brother Bala. Seeing Kumar return with people, Karunakaran's friends ran away. The trio, armed with weapons and a cricket bat, beat him up and he fell to the ground. They tried to escape in the autorickshaw, but hit a dead end. In the process of escaping, their vehicle hit three people, Ajith Kumar, Manigandan and Hari Hara Sudan , injuring them. Hearing their cries, the public chased and caught the trio and handed them over to the police. Karunakaran succumbed to his injuries on Monday morning at the Government General Hospital.Police said Karunakaran's friends had left him alone to handle the trio. He may have been saved had his friends alerted the neighbours about the fight. The incident sent shock waves in the locality, where people discussed in hushed tones. He was the sole bread winner of the family and his family is devastated by the death, police said.Neighbours said Karunakaran was seen as a quite youth.The incident happened in true film style with the attackers brandishing knives, sickles, cricket bats and other weapons, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13620314", "title": "Delhi budget: Assured aid, corporations get loan and advice", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hopes of the city's three fledgling municipal corporations were belied on Monday with the government allocating only Rs 5,863 crore - including a loan of Rs 1,831 crore - for them. The corporations, which were earlier promised financial assistance, instead got platitudes from the chief minister on efficient management of their finances.Chief minister Sheila Dikshit's sermon to the corporations on the need to increase property tax and adopt other ways to boost revenue drew protests from members of the BJP. \"If the government can't provide financial aid to the corporations, the chief minister should not preach on how to run them,'' said Yogender Chandolia, chairman, standing committee, North Delhi Municipal Corporation. \"At the time of trifurcation, the Delhi government had assured the Union home ministry that the government would provide financial assistance. Loan is not financial aid. If we have to take a loan, we might take it from other government agencies that offer lower rates of interest.\"The CM suggested that the corporations cut down their expenditure. But BJP councillors said expenditure has tripled due to trifurcation. \"How can we cut down on expenditure when all services and posts have been tripled,'' said Rajesh Gehlot, chairman of the standing committee, South corporation.While Dikshit attacked the erstwhile BJP-led MCD for not utilizing the money under the 'incentive grant fund', BJP said the government was not releasing the fund. \"The government owed Rs 2,300 crore to the MCD. It has not released the amount,'' said Annapurna Mishra, mayor of East Delhi Municipal Corporation.Chandolia said, \"We had written to the government to release MCD's share and other grants. But they are not ready to release the amount\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "13619977", "title": "This bunch has their heart in the hills", "text": "DUGRI: When they have a two-month vacation in hand, these seven friends like to live like there is no tomorrow. Belonging to upper-class business families, these friends always have a plan ready prior to a holiday. This time, their heart is set on enjoying a break in the hills.Sushant Wadhawan (aka Sushi), Gagan Sambi (Gugu), Gurvinder Singh (Garry), Nikhil Rai (Chacha), Aman Sappal (Noor), Ishmeet Singh (Nanda Sahib) and Ankur (Big B) are all second-year fashion designing students from Inter-National Institute of Fashion Designing (INIFD) and hence, they call their group ''INIFDians''.Meeting friends at home to plan their trip to McLeodganj, Dugri resident Sushant said, ''This trip would be fun as we will drive ourselves, rather than taking a driver along.''Gagan, who too stays in Dugri, said they had been thinking about this trip to hills even before the exams.''And McLeodganj is just the perfect place to go,'' he adds. ''We have a two month-break before the final year commences and we don't want to spend this time sitting at home. Once back, we are planning a trip to Singapore and Thailand,'' said Aman, a Kochar Market resident.Gurvinder, another Dugri resident in the group, said they had gone on a trip to Singapore and Thailand last year as well. ''Our parents wouldn't accompany us on this holiday and we will be able to have unlimited fun,'' he added. Nikhil Rai, a Sham Nagar resident, said even on usual days the group concentrates on enjoyment more than studies. ''But there is no match to post-exam vacations, particularly when we are about to enter final year of our course,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13616709", "title": "Sahil Peerzada faces I-T scrutiny of business deals, tax returns", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sahil Peerzada, who was in the news for his fight with an Australian IPL player, has been summoned by income tax's directorate of criminal investigation here on May 30 for scrutiny of his business deals and tax returns.Sources said he was to appear for questioning on May 28 but the appearance was postponed to May 30. He has been asked to come with all his bank statements and details of his business connections.The summons was issued on the suspicion that Peerzada's income could be disproportionate to what he has filed in his returns. Though the I-T department is looking into business transactions of his family members, Peerzada's questioning is likely to focus on his source of income considering his high flying lifestyle with frequent foreign travel. There were unconfirmed media reports about his family business being worth Rs 3,000 crore.Peerzada, a regular in Mumbai party circles, was caught in a brawl with Australian Luke Pomersbach in a Delhi hotel when his fiancee Zohal Hamid accused the cricketer of molesting her. A police complaint was filed but Peerzada and his fiancee struck an out of court settlement with the player.Peerzada is assessed in Mumbai but his tax returns are now being scrutinized by the I-T criminal investigation department which is also looking into other IPL cases. He has also been asked to submit details of his recent foreign travels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13618432", "title": "Elderly made to sweat it out for smart cards", "text": "MADURAI: Senior citizens from Chinnalapatti town panchayat in Dindigul district were made to stand in the blazing sun for hours at a stretch on Monday in the hope of receiving smart cards for the oldage pension scheme.Chief minister J Jayalalithaa had come forward with the novel idea of introducing smart cards for obtaining the oldage pension so as to do away with the inordinate delay and other related problems faced by those who benefitted from the scheme. Till the smart card system was introduced, elderly persons were delivered their pension amount at their doorstep by the postman, who obtained a commission from them for his service. Some of them would also fail to receive the money on time.Though the smart card system was introduced a few months ago, it will come into effect in Chinnalapatti from June 1, 2012 after which over 1,000 pensioners will have to go to the bank to withdraw their pension amount. But the beneficiaries from Keelakottai in Chinnalapatti town panchayat were assigned to the Canara Bank in Gandhigram, two km away from their homes, even though there is a branch of the same bank in their village.The project correspondent, who is supposed to render his services to the elderly persons on a door to door basis without putting them into any inconvenience, instead made an announcement that beneficiaries from Keelakottai would have to assemble in front of the Samarasa Sudha Sanmarka Sang in Gandhigram by 8 am on Monday, if they wanted to obtain their smart cards. Elderly persons started assembling at the spot by 7 am, some having skipped their breakfast to do so. But when their work was not completed even at 12 noon, many returned home as their health did not permit them to wait for hours in the heat.M Subbulakshmi, a beneficiary, said she did not understand why she had to travel two kilometers when the branch of the bank was just next door in her village. Veerammal said she had been standing in the queue from 8 am and had to return home empty handed as she started felt giddy. P Palaniammal, who had her cataract operated a week ago, also had to return home without the card. \"I was feeling very feeble and could not stand continuously beyond four hours,\" she said. Another beneficiary who did not want to be named said her daughter-in-law had forced her to go to the spot with just a cup of tea. \"She was insistent because I give the money to her every month,\" she said.A revenue official said that the bank officials should have asked the beneficiaries to come to their banks, instead of making them stand on the road for so long. \"The smart card system was introduced to make it easy for the elderly and not trouble them like this,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13621897", "title": "Pharmacists create ruckus at health directorate", "text": "LUCKNOW: A group of unemployed pharmacists seeking job in the state health department created a ruckus at the state health directorate on Monday evening. The youngsters, who are already contesting a legal battle with the department pending in the Supreme Court, were annoyed over the department pushing the date of hearing several times.According to reports, a small group went to meet officials in the directorate and find an answer to this delay dallying. Failing to evoke a satisfying answer from the officials, they went berserk. Raising anti-government slogans, they broke the windscreen of more than 15 cars parked in the health directorate and around it. They also threw musk-melons, eggs and pelted stones at the directorate.Later, when the youth were hushed by the police, the youth claimed that they would go and meet the chief minister now. However, they were stopped by the police near food and civil supplies office and detained. The youth were allowed to go after a warning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13624014", "title": "Woman tried to keep mother alive", "text": "PUNE: \"Everything will be fine. Just do not worry,\" Shubhangi Pathare's mother told her a little before the truck hit their vehicles. An inconsolable Shubhangi lost her mother and two siblings in the expressway accident near Khalapur on early Monday.She rushed her mother Mangal Suresh Gaikwad (45) to Sassoon General Hospital in Pune. \"During the drive, I tried to resuscitate her. When we reached the hospital, the doctors declared her dead. Except for my father and husband, no one in my family survived,\" 24-year-old Pathare told TOI.On Sunday, her entire family had gone to Ghatkopar in Mumbai to attend her cousin Eknath Bahule's marriage. \"We had hired three mini buses and a car. We reached Ghatkopar around 2 pm attended the marriage and left for Pune around 9 pm,\" Pathare said.Around 10 pm on Sunday, the mini-bus she and her family were travelling by, developed a technical problem. \"The wheel of the bus broke down and I saw sparks flying from the rear of the bus. I alerted the driver and he stopped the bus,\" she added.Pathare said the other bus with more members of the marriage party and a car with the newly-weds also stopped. The driver and the cleaner checked the bus and decided to call a mechanic. \"As the repair work was taking a long time, our relatives got off the buses,\" Pathare said.The women and children sat between the two buses. Some were chatting, some napped along the road. \"I told my mother that it was almost midnight and we were still sitting on the roadside. She told me, 'We are all together'. After chatting with her, I went into the bus where my father was sleeping,\" Pathare said.Just as Pathare was about to board the bus, she saw a speeding truck crash into the second mini bus. \"After the impact, that bus moved at great speed and crushed people sitting in front of it and then dashed against the bus I was getting into,\" Pathare said.She rushed to her mother and saw her lying in a pool of blood. \"My brother Shubham (21) sister Sanjana (19) were also in the same condition,\" she said.\"I took the car and my mother and three other injured persons and rushed to Pune. For two hours, I tried to resuscitate my mother. But it was in vain,\" Pathare said.Sanjana was a second-year BSc student of a city-based college. Her brother Shubham was also a science students and worked in a call centre. Pathare's cousin Sapna Balasaheb Gaikwad was also working in a call centre in Yerawada. \"My sister-in-law's daughter Sakshi Pawar (12) also died in the accident,\" Pathare added.Nagpur chawl mournsGloom engulfed Nagpur chawl area in Yerawada after the news of deaths came in. Shops near Suresh Gaikwad's shut down and their relatives and neighbours had gathered near their house. Aniket Lahune, a friend of Shubham Gaikwad told TOI, \"Shubham was very friendly. He worked in a call centre and was also pursuing his studies,\" Aniket said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13633705", "title": "B'wood actresses take centrestage with new releases", "text": "After the success of Vidya Balan starrer Kahaani, Bollywood is all set to witness the release of a number of films with women as the central protagonists.While the last month saw the success of newcomers like Parineeti Chopra and Paoli Dam with films like Ishaqzaade and Hate Story, the coming months will see actresses like Bipasha Basu , Kareena Kapoor, Preity Zinta , Sridevi and Rani Mukherjee vying for audience's attention.August will see the release of Sunny Leone's debut Bollywood film Jism 2 along with director-turned-actor Farah Khan's sweet romantic comedy Shirin Farhad ki Toh Nikal Padi. Farah will have competition from Chitrangda Singh whose Kaam-The Unofficial Story releases on the same day as the Sanjay Leela Bhansali production.\"I was quite conscious about turning a heroine with Shirin Farhad.... After all, how can you have someone who is fat and in her 40s as the leading lady? However Sanjay trusted in me. In fact I was so nervous about even seeing the rushes of the film. All my apprehensions vanished when Sanjay gave me a nod of approval,\" Farah says about her much talked about acting debut.Sudhir Mishra has once again given Chitrangda a central part after his critically acclaimed films like Hazaaron Khwaishen Aisi and Yeh Saali Zindagi. The actress stars opposite Arjun Rampal in the film.\"This has turned out to be a really intense film on sexual harassment at workplace. If the characterisation itself is quite tough to begin with, what makes it further challenging is the fact that Sudhir Mishra doesn't settle for anything less than excellent,\" says Chitrangda.Madhur Bhandarkar is another director, who weaves strong character for women and he promises the same for Kareena Kapoor in Heroine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13624480", "title": "2 hurt in fire at Indian Oil Corporation LPG bottling plant", "text": "JAIPUR: Two persons were injured in a fire-related incident in a bottling plant of Indian Oil Corporation at Sitapura area near here, police said.The incident occurred when the employees were filling gas in tankers and a minor fire broke out due to some mishandling, Nawab Khan, SHO, Sanganer Sadar, said. The flames were, however, doused quickly and a major incident was averted, he said. Two drivers who received burn injuries were admitted to a nearby hospital where their condition is stable, he said. A case was registered against the IOC, he added.Sitapura industrial area, around 20 km from here, had witnessed a major blaze in 2009 when IOC's fuel depot caught fire. \"Though the automated sprinkler system worked on time, we will investigate the accident,\" said a senior officer.Senior officials from the district administration and the police also reached the spot.The injured, including one Virendra Singh and Anil Pandey, were rushed to Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital.District collector Naveen Mahajan has summoned the IOC officials and warned them to ensure safety at the IOC's LPG gas bottling plant. Mahajan also asked them to be more cautious following the recent incidents in less than 10 days.Police have registered a case against IOC officials under Section 285 (negligent conduct with respect to fire or combustible matter) and 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) of the IPC.However, the IOC officials said operations at the LPG plant were normal and there will be no disruption in LPG supplies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-29"}
