{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11706659", "title": "1,200 Rabari community members to join BJP", "text": "AHMEDABAD: About 1,200 members of the Rabari community along with councillors from the corporations in the state and nagar palikas will join the BJP on Wednesday.BJP officials said that since former Congress MLA from Limdi and a Rabari community leader, Bhavan Bharwad had changed sides to join the BJP, a large number of councillors from the community also wanted to change sides and join the party.BJP office bearers said that Bharwad who is an influential leader in the community was entrusted with the charge of bringing more people to the party and he has managed to bring about 1,200 odd Rabari community members who were congress members to change sides.Officials said that at least eight to ten corporators and councillors from municipal corporations and nagar palikas respectively are expected to join the BJP. The meeting will be chaired by revenue minister Anandiben Patel.Earlier this month, Bharwad had joined the BJP with thousands of supporters formally at the headquarters of Gujarat BJP in Ahmedabad. He had praised the Modi government for the development and had said that it was this development which had brought him to join BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11706579", "title": "Parties feel the heat in Thane", "text": "Thane: There was anxiety among political parties here with MNS workers expressing their dissatisfaction at the choice of candidates and the Congress and the NCP failing to come to terms on seat adjustment for some wards in Mumbra and Kopri.Raj Thackeray's list of 115 candidates triggered bitter resentment and the party high command was forced to rush senior leader Bala Nandgaonkar to assuage the feelings of disgruntled MNS workers. The party office in Panchpakhadi appeared like a fortress as police and RAF personnel were deployed to keep the situation under control.Meanwhile, an NCP leader said: \"The Congress wants to wrest the seat of our corporator, Sayyed Ali Ashraf. They have unilaterally announced the candidature of Shailesh Sawant from Kopri, Deepak Vedkar from Hazuri and Malan Galve from Sahakar Nagar. They has flouted the basic tenets of coalition politics.\" But the Congress remained firm and was also considering a friendly contest in 2-3 wards.On Monday, the poll panel said candidates can submit their AB forms, the nomination papers given by parties to their nominees, till February 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11708761", "title": "Zoo may get four jackals from Pondicherry", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The zoo authorities here are planning to get four jackals from the Pondicherry zoo which is on the verge of being closed down. The animals will be vaccinated before they are brought to the capital, the officials said.The Thiruvananthapuram zoo had lost eight jackals last year following the outbreak of canine distemper virus, an air-borne disease commonly found in stray dogs. Four jackals had to be euthanized to control the spread of the virus to other animals. Two hyenas also died of the same disease in January.A letter seeking the transfer of the jackals has already been forwarded and the vaccine to be administered, Ferret Distemper, will be procured from a US-based company.The zoo officials have already applied for a certificate from the director of foreign trade (DFT) to import the vaccine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11706348", "title": "Widen rape law ambit: Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has urged the legislature to make the existing Indian rape laws \"gender neutral\" and widen the definition of rape by including \"male rape and digital rape\".While advocating the need for covering all categories of sexual assault by way of a \"separate exhaustive legislation\", the court asked the government to take cue from the laws of other countries where such offences carry a maximum punishment of life.\"There is growing demand the world over for inclusion of digital rape, male rape, oral rape and other forms of rape within the definition of rape and the fact that it is the cases like the present one which sometimes reflect the institutional helplessness in appropriately dealing with the crime on account of the lag in law,\" additional sessions judge Kamini Lau said.The court's observation came while sentencing a 19-year-old boy to 10-year jail term for sexually assaulting an 80-year-old woman with a wooden stick. It also directed Delhi government to pay compensation of Rs 50,000 to the victim, who is living in an old-age home at Dwarka, and directed the amount should be used for her welfare as she requires constant medical assistance.In its judgment, the court expressed its helplessness on not being able to convict him under Section 376 (rape) as the conventional definition did not include instances of digital rape or rape by any other object. \"This case gives a wake-up call for Indian legislators to step in and think about having a re-look at the definition of rape so as to specifically include the instances of digital rape, male rape and make the offence gender neutral or to formulate a separate exhaustive legislation covering all categories of cases of sexual assault similar to legislations abroad,\" said ASJ Lau while citing examples of countries like Scotland, Ireland, Australia and Queensland where digital rape has also been included in the definition of rape.Convicting accused Pahlad under Section 377 (unnatural sex) of the IPC, the judge said the penal provision for unnatural offence, to a large extent, covered cases of offence committed against order of nature but \"technically its applicability was limited and by operation it becomes difficult to include certain category of cases where the offence has been committed by the offender with an object\".\"It is only to cover all kinds of penetrations without a person's consent in any manner that the need for a re-look at the existing laws has been necessitated,\" the court said.Terming the case as an \"eye opener\", the court said it was time for the legislature to take a serious note of the extent of depravation which exists in Indian urban society, victims of which are usually children and senior citizens being easy targets.As per the case, the woman was assaulted by Pahlad on the intervening night of May 19-20 last year when she was sleeping in a shed in a park at Tri Nagar. The convict asked the victim to accompany him. On being refused, he forcibly took her to bushes in a nearby park and sexually assaulted her with a wooden stick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11708705", "title": "Police told to file report in missing girl case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat State Human Rights Commission (GSHRC), working on an application by Vishwa Patel's father, has taken a suo motu cognizance and has asked Ahmedabad city police commissioner to file a report in 15 days. As per a notice by GSHRC issued on Tuesday, the commission found the case of Vishwa Patel to be that of a violation of human rights and thus the cognizance has been taken. The notice also mentions that if the city police fail to do so, legal action will be initiated against it.Earlier, Suresh Patel, father of Vishwa Patel, 11, a resident of Meera Mangal Flats, Anandnagar, had given an application to GSHRC that his daughter had been missing since January 27.Vishwa, a class VI student, had been to a marriage organized at the flat's common plot at 1 pm and had not returned till 4 pm. The family members searched at all the possible locations including residences of her friends, relatives and school mates but she could not be located.Taking the matter seriously , the city police officials have formed 10 teams working on various aspects of the case. A meeting of surveillance squads of various police stations was conducted by Ajay Tomar, joint commissioner of police, Sector I, on Monday where the teams were formed and roles were assigned.\"We do not want to leave any clue go unnoticed. We have started analysis of the videotapes of the function and photographs taken on the spot. We are also questioning guests at the venue to know since when was she missing and whether she had been anywhere with anyone,\" said Tomar.Suspecting it to be a case of human trafficking, the state human trafficking cell has also been roped in. As per figures of CID (Crime), nodal agency of women and children cell, 3,142 missing children in last four years have not been found in the state.Police's role has also been under scanner as police procedure starts after 24 hours of missing during which crucial time in cases such as rape and abduction is missed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11711429", "title": "Cold weather lingers in Punjab, Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With minimum temperatures hovering below normal, cold conditions continued to persist in Punjab and Haryana on Monday.Narnaul in Haryana was the coldest place in the two states recording a low of 5.6 degrees Celsius, down four notches, the MeT department said here.Karnal was also chilly at a minimum of 6 degrees Celsius, down four notches, while Hisar's low of 8.7 degrees Celsius settled two notches below normal.Bhiwani and Rohtak also braved the chill recording respective minimums of 7 degrees Celsius and 7.8 degrees Celsius, down four and three notches each.Ambala recorded a minimum of 8.3 degrees Celsius, down two degrees.In Punjab, Amritsar's minimum settled at 8 degrees Celsius while Patiala recorded a low of 9.5 degrees Celsius, one below normal.Ludhiana's minimum, however, settled within the normal range at 10 degrees Celsius.Chandigarh, the joint capital of the two states recorded a low of 8.4 degrees Celsius, down two degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11706808", "title": "SC absolves PM, pulls up his office on 2G", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday absolved Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of any responsibility for the delay in granting sanction for prosecution of A Raja, but passed strictures against his office for sitting over Janata Party leader Subramanian Swamy's plea against the jailed former telecom minister.Along with the PMO, the ministry of law and justice also came in for criticism for failing to inform the PM.\"We have no doubt that if the prime minister had been apprised of the true factual and legal position regarding the representation made by the appellant, he would have surely taken appropriate decision and would not have allowed the matter to linger for a period of more than one year,\" a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and A K Ganguly said, according to a PTI report.Striking what sounded like a note of empathy, the bench said, \"By the very nature of the office held by him, PM is not expected to personally look into the minute details of each and every case placed before him and has to depend on his advisers and other officers.\"The order came on Swamy's appeal against an order of Delhi High Court which had rejected his claim to seek the prosecution of Raja in the 2G scam.Although the court came down hard on the functioning of the PMO, the verdict clearing Singh of any personal responsibility in not starting Raja's prosecution in connection with the 2G scam case was celebrated by the government. Reacting with alacrity on Twitter, PMO said, \"We welcome the fact that both the learned judges have completely vindicated the prime minister whilst appreciating the onerous duties of his office. Government is examining their directions regarding the manner in which applications for sanctions are to be dealt with.\"The response can be appreciated as adverse observations against the prime minister would render him vulnerable to fresh attacks from the opposition.However, even while he was let off, the court's remarks against his office could be embarrassing to Singh. According to a PTI report, the court blamed the PMO for sitting on the plea to the prime minister, and said that those who were \"duty bound\" to apprise the PM about the \"seriousness\" of the allegations against Raja \"failed\" to do so. \"Unfortunately, those who were expected to give proper advice to prime minister and place full facts and legal position failed to do so,\" the bench said.According to PTI, the bench further said that both the PMO and the ministry of law and justice were \"duty bound\" to apprise the PM of Swamy's allegations against Raja.The BJP saw the remark as an indictment of the PM, with party spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad ridiculing the PM's interpretation of the judgment. \"They are putting a gloss over the indictment of the prime minister and seeking to spin their way out of a huge embarrassment,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "agartala ", "code": "11708338", "title": "ICFAI campus closed in Tripura indefinitely", "text": "AGARTALA : The impasse between ICFAI management and employees took a new turn on Tuesday when the authorities concerned closed down the varsity campus at Kamalghat near Agartala for an indefinite period.This has put the career of thousands of students studying here in jeopardy. However, the state government has said action would be taken in case the crisis is not resolved soon. Chief minister Manik Sarkar has already hinted that the government, if required, would take over the ICFAI establishment here in Kamalghat.The ICFAI university campus at Kamalghat, which is its second largest, runs with four major departments having various programs in engineering, science and technology, management, education and law. Most courses commenced during calendar year 2004-2005. The university also witnessed a sharp rise in admissions every year. But now, students are staring at uncertainty as they don't know when the university will reopen.The standoff began with the termination of 19 employees, including 12 faculty members last month, who were agitated for being allegedly deprived by the management. They started agitations after talks with the management failed. First, they temporarily withdrew from regular duties and then gheraoed management officials to press for their demand. The situation became complicated with the resignation of Dr RK Patnaik, the vice chancellor of the university. Soon, pro-vice chancellor J J Kawle also resigned.\"We do not enjoy any kind of vacations,\" said a faculty member. He alleged that even maternity leave was not granted often.\"I am paid only Rs 2,700 a month and was not given any salary for three months since I had to take maternity leave after proper intimation,\" said Group 'D' worker Dipali Debbarma. Faculty members complained that similar treatment was meted out to them. In addition, the university did not comply with the local and national holidays such as Eid-Ul-Fitr, Eid-Ud-Zoha, Moharram, Good Friday , Holi and Ganesh Chaturthi, they said.The employees rejected the university's claim that it was incurring loss forcing them to adopt various cost cutting measures. \"This is a blatant lie. In fact, the university's annual accounts report of 2010-2011 balance report reveals a surplus amount of Rs 1.45 crore compared to last year ,\" he said.The university has admitted that classes have been postponed for an indefinite period from January 31. The varsity sought to put the responsibility on the employees. The authorities concerned has indicated that the management staff had received \"life threat\" by the agitating employees.\"We cannot take any chance with the lives of our colleagues as safety is more important than education. But we want to assure everyone that we are trying our best to solve the crisis soon. Our primary responsibility is towards the students and we are working to initiate the academic process as fast as possible. However, if the faculty members maintain the same attitude, then the process will get dragged over a period of time. We are looking into other options of holding classes for students,\" said an official communique of ICFAI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11708045", "title": "Hamidia doctors perform rare hip surgery", "text": "BHOPAL: In a rare feat, the doctors at Hamidia Hospital, Bhopal, have performed a bilateral total hip replacement surgery.Professor and head of the department of Orthopaedics, Dr Anoop Mehrotra, said \"The total bilateral hip replacement was successfully performed at the Hamidia Hospital. For the first time, a combination of ceramic head with ultra-short stem was used with a metallic insert of acetabulum, the cup-shaped cavity at the base of the hipbone into which the ball-shaped head of the femur fits,\" he added.The surgery was performed by a team of two doctors - Dr Sanjiv Gaur and Dr Ashish Gohiya.Bilateral hip surgery is a better option than staged hip replacement even though total blood loss and operation time is same for both the surgeries, they said. Surgeons replace one hip joint at a time in the staged hip surgery, which often takes several months due to two operations involved. The cost of operation is lower in bilateral hip replacement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11706398", "title": "Hotel Marriott almost sealed", "text": "HYDERABAD: A top five star hotel in the city - Marriott - narrowly escaped being sealed on Tuesday with civic officials landing up at its premises to seal it for non-payment of property tax arrears.The arrears had mounted to Rs 1.33 crore and the hotel owners ( which is different from the management) won a reprieve only after shelling out Rs 66 lakh on the spot. They also gave post-dated cheques for the remaining amount and undertaking that they would not bounce.Rs 66 lakh is the highest amount collected in one individual case by the municipal corporation in this fiscal so far. The owners of the property on which Marriott stands had not been paying property tax for the past couple of years despite serving several notices. Thus a 30-member GHMC tax wing team armed with a warrant of attachment and police protection reached the hotel at Lower Tank Bund at about 11 am.The management was given half-an-hour to clear the dues as per rules to prevent the sealing of the building. Realising that the GHMC officials meant business and would in fact bring the operations of the hotel to a grinding halt ,the owners agreed to pay 50% of the tax dues (about Rs 66 lakh) immediately. They also gave two post-dated cheques for Rs 15 lakh for the balance tax dues.According to GHMC officials, 14 properties (buildings) under the names of Hotel Viceroy ( the old name under which Marriott Hotel used to be operated), M/s Krishna Bottlers Pvt Ltd and M/s Minerva Enterprises had to pay Rs 1.33 crore property tax which was due to the corporation. The hotel property and the other companies are owned by former TDP Rajya Sabha MP Prabhakar Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11706752", "title": "Complaints galore at first Jan Sunwai in Bharatpur", "text": "JAIPUR: For the first time, people of Bharatpur attended a Jan Sunwai and a Shikayat Nivaran Camp in Barkheda panchayat recently. People from Barkheda and Jhamdi gram panchayats came in record numbers for the 'Jan Nigrani evam Shikayat Nivaran Shivir' organized by Soochna and Rozgaar Abhiyan and Prayatna Sanstha, Bharatpur.Also present were key financial advisors and policy makers from different ministries, as part of a policy and service delivery workshop organized by the Institute of Economic Growth.The social audit and grievance camp focused on four schemes - Janani Suraksha Yojna, the Rajiv Gandhi Grameen Vidyutikaran Yojna, the Indira Aawas Yojna and the MGNREGA.Under the Janani Suraksha Yojna, there were shocking cases of discrepancy. Out of the 256 women who were listed in government health department records as having been given Rs 1,900 maternity benefit, over fifty women came forth saying that they never received any such money.Records showed the issuance on a cheque on the 22nd of a month, while a woman testified that her delivery took place only on the 29th of the same month and that did not receive this benefit.While the Rajiv Gandhi Grameen Vidyutikaran Yojna guarantees BPL households a free electricity connection and CFL bulb, several people came with CFL bulbs that had been distributed to them just the night before despite not having had mandated electricity connections for years.Meanwhile, a man came to the meeting with an electricity meter in his hands. In spite of having an unconnected meter and no electricity, he had been receiving a regular bill from the electricity department.Interestingly, despite SDM's statement that the low spending on MGNREGA in Bharatpur district (Rs 15 lakh out of the Rs 1 crore budget) is due to lack of demand, over 400 people registered for work under the MNREGA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11708428", "title": "Army officers, cops clash in Pune", "text": "PUNE: High drama prevailed at the Sambhaji bridge (Lakdipul) police chowky at the busy Tilak chowk here for nearly two hours on Tuesday evening after a group of officers from the College of Military Engineering (CME), Dapodi, allegedly assaulted traffic police personnel posted there.The commotion, which started after two CME officers on a motorcycle were intercepted by the traffic police at the chowk, saw the police and the officers engage in fisticuffs at the chowky.A little later, one of the CME officers summoned his colleagues, the police said. A group of around 40 motorcycle-borne men came to the chowky and started assaulting the policemen, they said.\"A woman constable, Latika Maner, was also roughed up in the process. The attackers damaged some property in the chowky,\" deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhare said.At least four vehicles carrying armed military personnel reached the site much to the panic of common citizens gathered there. Mediapersons were also not spared as some of them were beaten while the video cameras of some television channel reporters were smashed.The military police came to the chowky after being called there by the local police. Senior police officers, including deputy commissioners of police (DCPs) Makarand Ranade, Pandhare, Sanjay Jadhav and Dnyaneshwar Phadtare, reached the chowky to take control of the situation.Two-wheelers are not allowed on the bridge from 9 am to 9 pm. Phadtare told TOI, \"It all started around 7.30 pm when two women traffic constables on duty, Latika Maner and Sunita Gorude, intercepted a motorcycle that came along the Sambhaji bridge from Khandujibaba chowk to Tilak chowk in violation of the two-wheeler restriction on the bridge. A CME officer was riding the motorcycle with his colleague.\"\"An altercation prevailed between the traffic constables and the two motorcycle-borne youths. One of the youths insisted that the police cannot act against him as he was a serving army officer,\" said inspector Arjun Sakunde, incharge of Vishrambaugh police station. A male constable, Nilesh Tapke, from the nearby police chowky intervened while the altercation was on.Phadtare said, \"The two CME officers manhandled Tapke and Maner and went on to damage some property at the chowky.\" One of the officers also summoned his colleagues. \"Around 40 men, who were not in uniform, reached the site and got into a verbal exchange with the police personnel,\" said DCP (crime) Rajesh Bansode. Meanwhile, press reporters and photographers, who reached the spot, were also assaulted by some of these 40 men. Later, the military trucks moved in to the site.At the same time, the military police arrived in their official vehicles and started directing the group of 40 men to leave the place immediately. They also asked the military trucks to leave the place. Military police officer Ram Anuj Singh said, \"We will resolve this issue soon.\"No arrest was reported till the time of going to the press. Phadtare said, \"We will lodge an offence under section 353 of the IPC and traffic violation against the two offenders.\" Section 353 deals with 'assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharge of his duty'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "she's the former marketing head of british airways who gave up new delhi for her home pad only to face corruption as she started anew in dona paula. having lost the last panchayat polls by just 112 votes to jennifer monserrate, anabelle pereira tells vijay de souza she's all set to test the constituency's voters' mettle as a goa su-raj candidate", "code": "11708750", "title": "'I'm confident that the polls will be fair and just'", "text": "She's the former marketing head of British Airways who gave up New Delhi for her home pad only to face corruption as she started anew in Dona Paula. Having lost the last panchayat polls by just 112 votes to Jennifer Monserrate, Anabelle Pereira tells Vijay de Souza she's all set to test the constituency's voters' mettle as a Goa Su-Raj candidate:There are many upright persons in Goa who could be an alternative for voters, but they don't contest the polls because of the brazen money power and other influencing factors used by 'powerful candidates'. What has made you contest the elections?I was not at all keen to contest. I went around, in the last two months, trying to locate candidates who could contribute to the development of Goa. Persons who have high moral values and integrity and who are learned enough to govern Goa with an iron hand and rout the corruption levels. But no one was willing to contest. So, I felt I should contest to provide an alternative to the people of Taleigao. I am ready to face the challenges of fighting corruption. When I read the manifesto of the Goa Su-Raj party, I was totally impressed as they have a package for Goa's development. My friends too implored me to contest. It's time for change and the Goan mindset have to give an opportunity to new people with proven integrity and calibre to serve the people effectively. It should not indulge self-seeking persons who only empty the coffers of the Goan exchequer.Is this the first time you will be entering electoral politics?No, I had contested the Taleigao village panchayat elections against Jennifer Monserrate last time. I lost by 112 votes. I was the 'people's candidate' supported by Taleigao Bachao Abhiyan and Save Taleigao Democratic Front. The support I received was tremendous and I nearly won except that my election agent abandoned the booth at the close of polling time which was a big shock to me because I was busy in other booths until ballot papers were sealed.Were you personally a victim of corruption?After 16 years of service with British Airways, I decided to return to Goa from New Delhi as the capital was becoming unsafe after Indira Gandhi's assassination. I decided to set up a resort in Dona Paula, with 50 rooms. But I faced a saga of woes thanks to the corrupt governments that changed 11 times between 1990 and 2007. I had to run the hotel without a bar licence which is unusual for a place in Goa as every corner has a bar. This was only because I refused to pay a bribe.You are well aware that your main political rival will be the wife of the sitting MLA and education minister Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate. How will you achieve your goal? And what has given you the confidence to stick your neck out and take on a giant in Goan politics?Well, when I contested the panchayat polls, I didn't spend any money except for that on publicity material. As for confidence to contest, it is thanks to Anna Hazare who has brought awareness among the masses, especially the middle class, to ensure that corruption is eradicated.I will request the people of Taleigao to decide the future of the constituency, especially the youth who are being led astray with false promises and temporary gains. Goa Rakhandaracho Awaz has worked assiduously towards the elimination of bogus voters and vote bank politics. They have submitted a list of bogus voters covering eight constituencies to the election commission. In all probability, these voters will be eliminated which makes me feel confident that the polls will be fair and just. I appeal to the voters not to abrogate their responsibility to vote.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11711765", "title": "Jay Bhanushali fulfills his dream", "text": "Actor Jay Bhanushali has realised his dream of owning an expensive car like Audi A6.The recent purchase by the actor and \" Dance India Dance\" anchor has set the tongues wagging in the Indian telly world.\"Ever since I can remember, I have dreamt of owning an Audi as I admire its beauty. I fell in love with the car on my first test drive itself. Though I had to cough up a lot of money for this piece of beauty... I'm thrilled to bits with my new purchase,\" said Jay, who became popular for his show \" Kayamath\".The day Jay drove his new Audi on to the sets of Zee TV's reality show \"Dance India Dance\", all contestants went running from their make-up rooms to have a look and feel of the car. Jay was too happy to oblige and took them for a drive in Mumbai, says a source.Jay has also tried his hand at some customisation with the car's number plate.\"I have got a specially customised number plate done that showcases my birth date which falls Dec 25,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11707786", "title": "Ban on Nair wrong: Roddam", "text": "BANGALORE: Roddam Narasimha , aerospace scientist and investigating member of the Prime Minister's High Powered Committee set up in February 2011 to probe the Antrix-Devas contract, broke his silence on the contentious issue of ban of the four scientists stating that the scientists should have been given a chance to explain themselves and that all misunderstanding should have been cleared before any action was contemplated. He also stated that termination of professorship of Madhavan Nair should not have been done.Narasimha spoke to the media on the sidelines of the state science awards presentation chaired by Prof CNR Rao. Asked specifically about the circumstances of the ban, he said: \"I think the scientists should have been given a chance. There's a strong misunderstanding that should first be corrected before any action is contemplated.\" Asked whether it's right to hold the four scientists responsible , Narasimha said: \"Blame for what? Let's first get that clear. I think the debate is now going on without understanding what the blame is for. I think it would be good to release the reports .\"Asked about the committee's findings on the deal, Narasimha said: \"That can't be answered in one statement.\"Narasimha conducted the probe along with Planning Commission member and former cabinet secretary BK Chaturvedi. The two-member panel was set up on Feb 10 2011 and the panel submitted its report on March 12, 2011.Earlier on Tuesday, Madhavan Nair said: \"The Chaturvedi committee was at least fair to send a questionnaire and seek my explanation for some policy decisions on the deal, as I was also secretary of the space department during my tenure as Isro chairman. After I sent a rejoinder and clarified the issues to their satisfaction, I thought the matter rested there.\"The Prime Minister set up a panel on May 31, 2011 under the chairmanship of former Central Vigilance Commissioner Pratyush Sinha to study the recommendations of the Chaturvedi report. Nair said the panel had neither summoned him nor asked him to appear before it.Karnataka chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda has sought former President APJ Abdul Kalam's mediation to sort out the Indian Space Research Organization (Isro) mess with reference to the Antrix-Devas contract.Concerned about Isro's image, which is headquartered in Bangalore, Sadananda Gowda has written to Kalam. \"As chief minister of Karnataka and also in my individual capacity, I appeal to you to intervene and take up this matter at the appropriate level with the objective of resolving the same in a manner befitting the dignity of the scientific community of this country,\" the letter said. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11708619", "title": "Family dispute: Son batters parents to death", "text": "HUBLI: In a gruesome incident, a 58-year old ZP member and his wife were killed by his son over family disputes in Talakere village in Yelburga taluk in Koppal district on Tuesday morning.According to Yelburga police, Ameensaab Chellari, who has been staying away from his parents, went to their house on Tuesday morning and battered his father, Shamidsaab Chellari, to death with wooden logs. Shamidsaab, who a is sitting ZP member elected from Hirevakkalkunta in Koppal district, died on the spot. When his mother Rajabi Chellari,45, tried to stop him, he pushed her down and hit her with the logs and killed her too, police said. Ameensaab used to have arguments with his father over money and his share of property.Ameensaab was working as a hamali in Gangavati and six months ago Shamidsaab asked him to come to Talakere and take up some work. Instead of finding work, he asked his father to give him his share of the property. Police have arrested Ameensaab and a case has been registered with Bevur police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11706393", "title": "Jail turns jamboree for well-heeled in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: They may be in jail but they are living it up. In style. Their rivals and the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) may be gloating that they finally netted them and put them behind the bars but life in prison is a song and dance for them.The accused in the illegal mining scam, Gali Janardhan Reddy, B Srinivas Reddy, Rajagopal and those in the Emaar scam Koneru Prasad, Sunil Reddy and Raghavan and Vijay Sai Reddy in the Jagan assets case have brought prominence to the Central Prison, Chanchalguda and how.If earlier they used to operate from their offices before arrest, now it is like practically the offices have come to the door step of the Chanchalguda jail.The teams ensure that their bosses lack nothing that can possibly be given to them inside the jail. And this includes new buckets, mugs, towels and what not. They are literally on their toes all through the day. And one knock on the huge prison gate, the entry door opens in a jiffy for them. Loads of snacks including biscuits, sweets, chips and several varieties of Haldiram's products are sent at regular intervals into the prison. The daily parcel also includes a variety of fruits.But that is now all, at the Old Hospital Block in the prison where the bigwigs who have got special category status from the court have been kept, prison life is hardly a punishment.\"They are in judicial custody, so it is the responsibility of the jail to take good care of them,\" Sushil Kumar, advocate of Vijay Sai Reddy told TOI.Except for Sunil Reddy and Raghavan who are yet to get special class prisoner status, the rest enjoy the special food that is made for them from their own kitchen.\"They eat whatever they want and at any time,\" sources said. And just so that their bosses in the prison can have what tickles their taste buds, the teams functioning from outside the jail get them what is being ordered.According to sources, in the resort-like atmosphere in the jail, Gali Janardhan Reddy makes sure he goes for a walk. Like other prisoners in the jail, the special class prisoners too have the facility of playing badminton.When any of the bigwigs in the prison have visitors, it is a scene to be watched outside the jail. One of the men parks himself right in front of the jail gate, another two or three clearing the traffic for the vehicle in which the visitor would drive in. The teams work with so much of precision that the visitor, be it a family member, or an advocate, can straight enter the prison without even having to wait. The gate opens as if automatically. The one-inch hole on the gate is enough for the jail personnel manning it from inside to recognize the visitor and open it in the split of a second.Vijay Sai Reddy dressing, stylish as it is every time he goes to the court, is a reflection on the organizing capabilities of his backroom boys outside the jail who await for orders from inside as they stand under the tree or the waiting area under the asbestos roof.It is learnt that recently, the teams even got an AC and a make-shift toilet to be taken inside for Vijay Sai Reddy but jail officials would not allow that.The 'Satyam team' is also as active as the recent teams that have got added. Though Ramalinga Raju himself is out on bail, the others are still there and their needs are met.According to sources, Vijay Sai Reddy took a paltry Rs 250 into the jail while Koneru Prasad took Rs 1,820. Rajagopal, Sunil Reddy and Raghavan reportedly did not take any money into the jail. Earlier Gali Janardhan Reddy and B Srinivas Reddy took around Rs 30,000 and Rs 20,000 each into the prison, all of which is deposited with the jail authorities. They can buy whatever they want to from the jail canteen also from the additional money that they can get from their visitors which should be deposited with the prison authorities.A spectacle is being played out in front of the jail gate for the local residents who are amused at some of the most expensive cars showing up there with visitors for the bigwigs inside it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11706570", "title": "Dentists discuss ways to tackle medical emergencies", "text": "NAGPUR: City dentists discussed ways to face various medical emergencies that can crop up during their practice at the two-day annual conference of Indian Dental Association, Nagpur - NIDACON on Friday and Saturday.\"Many a times, we find that cavities neglected for a long time get filled with pus. That, along with children falling down and breaking their teeth are emergencies that we have to face,\" said paediatric dentist Dr Shweta Chandak. She said that while dealing with children in pain and parents in anxiety, her ilk needs to play the dual role of a physical as well as an emotional healer. 'For any professional working with kids, doubling up as a psychotherapist and assuring the parents is a part of the job,\" she said.Not just the dentists, others in the medical fraternity also need to realize the importance of a well timed dental service. \"In cases of accidents that result in many injuries, we find that dental trauma is quite neglected. At times, this means that it is a bit late when we start handling the patient,\" said dentist Dr Sandip Fuladi. Though broken jaws may not exactly be emergencies, they do need to be higher up in the order of priority than it currently is, he said.\"We have a lot of people fainting in our clinics. This is more commonly seen among male patients. It could be because even the sight of the sharp instruments that dentists use bring about a flight or fight reaction from the patients, resulting in the blood to rush to their extremities and finally in a state called syncope. But, it could also be due to some other underlying illness like a diabetic who hasn't eaten well, hypertension, epilepsy or an allergic reaction,\" said Dr Ramakrishan Shenoi, vice dean of VSPM Dental College.He insisted that this necessitates that a dentist be prepared for any eventuality.All dentists must, therefore, be prepared with all kinds of emergency medications in their clinic, even if they are not related to their field of work and do not form a part of their syllabi. \"We should also be well versed with techniques like CPR and other such basic life support methodologies which may come in handy under such circumstances,\" said Dr Shenoi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11710636", "title": "Salman Khan\u2019s peace pact with Anees Bazmee", "text": "Salman Khan has put aside his personal equations to move ahead professionally.Mumbai Mirror has learnt that the actor who had a tiff with filmmaker Anees Bazmee during the making of Ready, has finally decided to allot dates for Bazmee's next venture No Entry Mein Entry.Happy to have finally convinced Salman for his project, Anees said, \"I met Salman. He liked the idea. We also discussed some changes. But finally, we decided to go ahead with the original idea of having double roles for all three heroes.\"A source close to the project informed Mumbai Mirror, \"Just before Salman left for Cuba for the Ek Tha Tiger schedule, he met Anees on producer Boney Kapoor's request. Since he did not have time on his hands, instead of a full narration, he asked for a brief summary.\"\"He was kicked about the idea of doing a double role after Judwaa. He gave his own suggestions about how to make the two Salmans look different. Anees will be more than happy to incorporate the changes,\" added our source.The source revealed that though most other details for the project have been worked out, Salman's dates are still to be finalised. In fact, Salman will try to accommodate Anees' project in his already choc-a-bloc 2012 calendar. The actor will in all probability allot dates for No Entry Mein Entry between his brother Arbaaz's Dabangg 2 and Sohail's Sher Khan.\"As soon as Salman returns from Cuba we'll work out his dates,\" confirmed Anees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11711654", "title": "Musician Anil Mohile passes away", "text": "Renowned music arranger Anil Mohile passed away at his Mumbai residence Wednesday morning, a family friend said. He was 71.He is survived by his wife, a daughter and son Amar, also a composer and music arranger.Mohile suffered a massive heart attack around 2.30 a.m. this morning. He breathed his last shortly afterwards at the Andheri west residence of his son, the friend said.A favourite with top Bollywood music directors, Mohile arranged music for around 85 Hindi and Marathi movies, including Amitabh Bachchan starrers like \" Sharaabi\" and \" Don\".Son Amar followed in his father's footsteps with music arrangement for the recent blockbuster, \"Singham\".Mohile also arranged the music and orchestra at stage shows in national and international concerts by top singers like Lata Mangeshkar , Asha Bhosle and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11708594", "title": "NFR freight revenue increases", "text": "GUWAHATI: NF Railway's freight traffic has increased 12.8 per cent while earning on this account has gone up by 17.7 per cent till December, 2011, in comparison to previous year.NFR CPRO S Hajong said freight loading between April, and December, 2011 has been 9.226 million tonnes as compared to 8.177 million tonnes for the corresponding period in 2010.In December, 2011, loading has gone up to 1.179 million tonnes as against the proportionate target of 1.110 million tonnes, an increase of 6.2 per cent, he added. \"This was achieved in spite of poor coal production because of non-finalization of mining contract for NEC mines at Ledo and less foodgrain loading at Rangiya trans-shipment point for closure of Rangiya - Rangapara - Murkongselek MG line due to gauge conversion work,\" the CPRO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11708492", "title": "Govt challenges HC order on welfare workers", "text": "CHENNAI: Noting that the Makkal Nala Paniyalargal (MNPs) are a drain on the exchequer, the Tamil Nadu government has challenged the legality of a single judge order dated January 23, quashing its order abolishing the posts.On November 8, 2011, the state government disbanded the MNP posts throughout the state, thereby rendering 12,618 people jobless. During the previous DMK regime, two MNPs - a man and a woman candidate - each were appointed in each panchayat on a consolidated pay and on contract basis.When the November 8, 2011 orders were challenged, Justice K Suguna quashed the order on January 23 and directed the authorities to reinstate all the sacked workers immediately, with all consequent benefits.Assailing the order, the Tamil Nadu government preferred a writ appeal on Tuesday stating that most of the MNPs had already been terminated and individual termination orders too had been served by the time the high court took up the matter for hearing. The court ought not to have entertained the writ petitions as they had not individually challenged the termination orders, it said.The remaining portion of the budgetary allocation made for the MNPs is to be surrendered to the government and to be treated as savings, the appeal said. MNPs were not appointed to oversee the national rural employment guarantee scheme and they had no specific charter of jobs. In any case, panchayats already have enough employees to oversee welfare works of government, it said.Noting that the appointment process of MNPs too was illegal, the appeal said neither reservation nor educational qualification was prescribed for them. Appointments made without following legal procedure will amount to backdoor entry deserving to be quashed, the appeal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11706866", "title": "Three juvenile home minors rushed to hospital", "text": "BANGALORE: Three minors at the juvenile home near Kidwai Institute of Oncology near Dairy Circle in South Bangalore allegedly tried to commit suicide by consuming rat poison in their cell on Tuesday evening. They had been arrested on charges of murder and attempt to murder,They were rushed to Victoria Hospital and are now recovering well, police said. The incident came to light when one of them started vomiting around 7.30pm. The three have been kept separately as they needed special counseling for their heinous crimes, police said.\"All three complained of uneasiness and on enquiry stated they had consumed rat poison. We didn't want to take a chance and shifted them in an ambulance to Victoria Hospital,\" police said.Escape bid?Of the three kids, one escaped twice from the juvenile home, police said. \"He escaped when he was being taken to hospital after he complained of uneasiness. We strongly suspect they were trying to mislead us on Tuesday too. We have clamped tight security outside their ward and around the juvenile home,\" police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11708240", "title": "'Abhishapt Sandhya' adjudged best", "text": "VARANASI: The drama 'Abhishapt Sandhya' performed by dramatics group of Diesel Locomotives Works (DLW) under the direction of theatre personalities Sudhakar Mani and Amlesh Srivastava was selected for 'Best Drama Award' at the All India Inter Railway Dramatics Competition 2011 organised by Eastern Railways at Jamalpur from January 27 to January 29. As many as 12 dramatics group participated in the competition. The stage play performed by DLW drama group was based on the family conflicts in the Indian society and negligence of old people of the family.Meanwhile, the fourth day of All India Railway Handball Competition under Sports Union of Diesel Locomotives Works (DLW) was organised at DLW Stadium. Host team DLW defeated South Central Railways with 24-11 in the first semi final match and made its entry in the final match. The final match will be played against South East Central Railway on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11707398", "title": "Crucial state Cong meet on Feb 12", "text": "PATNA: The organizational poll process of the state Congress moved towards its climax on Tuesday with AICC functionary and pradesh returning officer B D Kalla convening a one-day meet of the elected PCC delegates on February 12 at the party headquarters, Sadaquat Ashram, here.The meet will broach the issue of election of the Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC) president, vice-president, members of the State Working Committee and AICC members from the state. It will be attended by Kalla himself.Talking to TOI on phone from Jaipur, Kalla said that if necessary, elections would be held for the various posts. But a state Congress leader said that the party has a long-standing tradition of authorizing the party high command to nominate party leaders to different top posts. \"In all likelihood, a resolution would be moved at the meeting to do so once again,\" he said.Incidentally, after the severe poll debacle suffered by the party in the 2010 assembly polls, BPCC president Chaudhary Mehboob Ali Kaiser, who had assumed charge of the post shortly before polls, had offered to quit owning moral responsibility. But his offer was not accepted.In case the party's Central leadership is authorized to name the top party office-bearers, it will be keenly watched if the leadership would take an early decision, busy as it is with the ongoing assembly elections in five states, particularly UP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11707607", "title": "India\u2019s big push for Africa, Indian Ocean strategy", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is giving a big push to its Africa and Indian Ocean strategy even as there appear to be signs of a Chinese reassessment of its approach to Africa.On Wednesday, India will welcome the president of Seychelles James Michel, who, though ostensibly here for the sustainability summit, will hold talks on Indian Ocean security with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . Michel's visit comes after reports that China has been given permission to set up a naval base in the island nation. India has had a security relationship with Seychelles for some time now. India is almost the biggest defence partner for Seychelles, supplying them with equipment and training. Seychelles has recently ordered offshore patrol vessels from India. As increased piracy in the Indian Ocean threatens the economies of Indian Ocean countries like Seychelles and Mauritius, India has increased naval and air surveillance over these nations.On the other hand, eyebrows were raised when Chinese president Hu Jintao did not turn up at the African Union summit in Addis Ababa two days ago, even though the original programme billed him as the chief guest. Given China's assiduous wooing of Africa and the fact that China has built the new headquarters for the African Union with $200 million, eyebrows were raised when Beijing was represented by top political adviser Jia Qinglin and Hu. M Ganapati, secretary (west) in MEA, led the Indian delegation to the summit, and after meeting 25 African leaders came back with an African endorsement of India's approach in Africa. Essentially, African countries have discovered the joys of balancing India and China in their countries.The focus of this year's Summit, said sources, was on Sudan, which threatens to return to active violence between Khartoum and South Sudan over distribution of oil fees. China, with almost 10,000 companies in Sudan, has been asked repeatedly by the African Union to intervene and stop the violence.But Beijing is in a strange spot in Sudan. Almost all of China's investment in Sudan is in the north. But China has signed a pipeline project with South Sudan to build an oil pipeline through inhospitable territory in Uganda and Kenya , which directly hits at China's interests in northern Sudan. Last week, the South Sudanese rebels abducted 29 Chinese construction workers from the South Kordofan state in Sudan. The incident has highlighted China's difficulties in Africa because Beijing is traditionally averse to getting into the internal affairs of any state. But between putting diplomatic pressure to free its workers and working out a peaceful settlement between the two Sudans, China is feeling the heat of resources-based overseas engagement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11708196", "title": "Will there be enough force on poll day?", "text": "VARANASI: Though the Election Commission has directed to ensure the deployment of Central paramilitary forces (CPMF) at the polling booths, the number of CPMF companies sanctioned for the district for the polling day would remain low in comparison to last parliamentary elections.According to the records of the district police, during 2009 parliamentary elections, as many as 80 companies of CPMF had been deployed in Varanasi. The same forces had been given the responsibility of the polling stations and booths while the civil police and PAC handled the responsibility of maintaining law and order and other security arrangements during parliamentary polls. In comparison to last parliamentary elections, the number of voters has increased massively in the revised voter list that would also result in increasing the number of polling booths.However, the district police's election control room revealed that till date, the district police had been given confirmation for 63 companies of CPMF only. With the beginning of the assembly poll process, the district police were informed that 136 companies of CPMF would be deployed on the polling day. Later, the figure was revised. However, the district police are expecting that the number of CPMF companies could be increased by the Election Commission in view of the actual requirement of the district.Not only the CPMF but even the demand of civil police and PAC would remain high on the polling day. Sources said apart from the existing police force of the district, a demand for two additional SPs, two assistant SPs, 22 deputy SPs, 24 inspectors, 819 sub-inspectors, 310 head constables, 5,235 constables, 5,368 home guards, 358 women constables and 12 companies of PAC had also been forwarded to the state police headquarters to ensure foolproof security arrangements on the polling day.Sources said to fulfill this demand, police teams would arrive here from 10 districts including Bijnore, Bareilly, Kheri, Moradabad, Rampur, Shahjahanpur and Bheemnagar. Also, to assist the police of other districts where the polling is scheduled in other phases, a large police force would be sent to Kushinagar and Bahraich from here.Thus, efforts are on to arrange for adequate police force for free and fair poll in the district but to also ensure that no anti-social or mischievous element was causing a disturbance during the poll process. According to police records, action like making 'bound down' and challan had been initiated against 27,622 persons in this connection so far. About 3180 licensed arms have also been surrendered on the directives of officials. The police have also made huge recoveries of liquor and illegal arms.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11707285", "title": "Bangalore artist shortlisted for UK prize", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bangalore artist Sheela Gowda, who uses unconventional materials like cow dung, ash and hair to make sculptures, has been shortlisted for UK's biggest contemporary art prize, the Artes Mundi.Gowda is among seven artists chosen from over 750 nominations from around 90 countries. Gowda startedas a painter, but began making sculpture in response to events like Bombay riots and inequalities in India's growth story. An international judging panel will award the \u00a340,000 prize later this year.One of Gowda's most well-known works is an ash sculpture titled 'Collateral' which was made by burning incense on mesh frames to produce a landscape that looks ravaged by war. She has also used tar drums and tarpaulins in another work .A piece she created for the 2009 Venice Biennale was made with hair collected from Tirupati. Gowda isn't the only Indian artist who are pushing the boundaries with the material they use. Subodh Gupta slathered himself with dung in a performance art piece some years ago while young artist Shine Sivan has made phallic sculptures from cow dung. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "11708577", "title": "Jorhat cop runs 150 km in 24 hours to set world record", "text": "JORHAT: Abhijit Boruah, an Assam police constable, on Tuesday set a new world record of the longest run barefoot by covering a distance of 156.2 km in 24 hours. He was conferred with a certificate from India Book of Records for his achievement. This category of records is new and Abhijit is the first one to set it.Addressing a press conference, B K Chandrasekhor Tiwari, an India Book of Records observer and a representative of the Guinness Book of World Records , said: ''As per the Guinness Book guidelines, a person would have to run 150 km barefoot in 24 hours to establish a record. Boruah did it in 23 hours and 19 minutes, setting a record. It is a good news for Assam as well as India that a 22-year-old boy from Jorhat has set a new record of the longest distance run barefoot. It really is a matter of great pride for Jorhat, Assam and India. Abhijit is the first man in this category of records.''Thousands of people from Jorhat had gathered along the 10-km approved by PWD (NH) India to witness this historic moment and celebrated Boruah's achievement with great pride and joy. Slogans like ''Abhijit Boruah Zindabad and ''Joi Ai Asom'' rang through the air as he completed his feat at 3.36 pm on Tuesday. A senior citizen who had come in to see Abhijit's performance, said: \"I am standing here since morning and he hasny stopped running since then. He is a great sportsman and his future is bright.\"Rana Goswami, Jorhat MLA and president of the Great Run Club, which organized the event, said: \"We are happy that our dream came true. We are proud because a boy from Assam became a world record holder.\" DC Ramesh Chand Jain confirmed that Guinness Book requirements have been fulfilled and India Book of Records will soon apply to have this feat registered as a world record.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11699923", "title": "Sudheer Babu is all set to make his Tollywood entry", "text": "Sudheer Babu is following in his illustrious father-in-law, superstar Krishna's footsteps and is all set to make his Tollywood entry. His debut film, \"SMS\" is being directed by Thathineni Shiva.\"I always dreamt of becoming an actor since my childhood,\" says Sudheer, an engineering graduate from Vijayawada, who is also an avid badminton player. \"I never shared my desire to act in movies with my folks at home, because like most regular parents, they wanted me to concentrate on my studies,\" he informs. Sudheer is married to Mahesh Babu's youngest sister, Priyadarshini.A couple of years ago, he decided to reveal his secret desire to act to his father-in-law Krishna and that got him started on his career in cinema. \"Krishna garu advised me to get a hang of how the business works first before taking the plunge. So I trained for two years and worked on my acting, dialogue delivery, voice modulation, dancing and emoting in front of the camera at the Padmalaya Studios,\" he says.Sudheer also shared his show reels with his brother-in-law Mahesh Babu to get the actor's opinion on his acting before he gets into films. \"Mahesh was impressed with what he saw and encouraged me to get into the film industry. But he also gave me some honest advice about the demands of the job and how I needed to sacrifice family time,\" he says.Admittedly, it was Mahesh Babu and ace director Srinu Vaitla who looked into the script of his debut film. \"When I wanted to show Mahesh the script, he was shooting for \"Dookudu\" at that time. Srinu Vaitla was also by his side and the two of them went through the script and even suggested some changes which we incorporated,\" says Sudheer adding, \"It's a pakka entertainer with all the filmi elements.\"Sudheer reveals that he is planning to host a private screening for his family in the next couple of days. \"I want them to see my debut first,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "11708142", "title": "From rat-sized mammal to jumbo in 24m generations", "text": "MELBOURNE: A mouse-sized mammal could turn into a giant beast as big as an elephant in about 24 million generations in the process of evolution , says a new study.A team of 20 biologists and palaeontologists who for the first time calculated the rate of evolutionary change in mammals discovered that rates of size decrease are much faster than growth rates.For their study, published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , the team looked at fossils , literature and historical documents to get information of 28 different groups of mammals from various continents and ocean basins over the past 70 million years.It was found that a small mouse-like mammal may evolve into an elephant-like animal in about 24 million generations, but it takes only 100,000 generations for very large decreases, leading to dwarfism, to occur.Lead author Alistair Evans, an evolutionary biologist, said study was unique because most previous work had focused on microevolution, the small changes that occur within a species.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11707975", "title": "Complaint against MSY in court", "text": "KANPUR: Lakshya Samajik Sewa Sansthan filed a complaint in the court of chief metropolitan magistrate against Samajwadi Party leader Mulayam Singh Yadav for his defamatory statement and sought stringent punishment under the provisions of Indian Penal Code.Judicial official Peeyush Pandey recorded the statement of complainant and fixed February 8 as the next date for recording the statement of witnesses.Complainant Aneeta Dua, secretary of Lakshya Sansthan claimed that recently, Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav had given a statement that his government would provide government jobs to physically exploited women during the BSP regime and provide allowances to the tune of Rs 1000 per month till they get a job.BSP Supremo's statement was widely criticised and termed as a political move to give mileage to his party. His statement was derogatory for women. She claimed that such statements would encourage more atrocities against women. Therefore, Mulayam should be punished under the provisions of Section 500 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11711165", "title": "Actress Vedhicka's dream come true", "text": "Actress Vedhicka talks about her tailor-made role in Bala's latest film.Very few filmmakers write a script keeping their leading ladies in mind. One among them is Bala. No wonder Vedhicka is excited about playing the lead in his forthcoming film Eriyum Thanal.Vedhicka, who is just back from a schedule in Ramanathapuram, says, \"It was a dream-come-true moment when I was approached for Bala sir's film. It took a while for the news to sink in. The female leads in his films have very strong characters.\"The buzz is that since the film is set in the backdrop of a fishermen village, Bala wanted Vedhicka to look the part. Reportedly, he asked the actress to become a few shades darker for her role by standing under hot sun. We hear she will also be seen sans makeup in the film.While Vedhicka refuses to comment on this, she says, \"All I can say is I'm paired opposite Atharvaa in this film and I'm working hard for my role. I've just finished a schedule in the coastal areas of Tamil Nadu and we will soon be starting our next schedule.\"About working with Bala, she says, \"He'd want us to come to the sets without any preconceived notions about our characters. He takes time to explain what's expected of us in a scene and makes sure we understand them. All we have to do is follow his orders.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11706390", "title": "Controversial RAW book author moves court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Retired Major General V K Singh, who is facing a trial under the Official Secrets Act for authoring a book allegedly giving out \"sensitive information\" of the Research &amp; Analysis Wing (RAW), has moved a trial court seeking registration of FIR against certain officers of the agency on the basis of the details in his work, allegedly highlighting the corruption regarding the procurement of some communication equipment.Filing a petition before Chief Metropolitan Magistrate (CMM) Vinod Yadav, Singh sought action against the officers under the Prevention of Corruption Act alleging that in his book - India's External Intelligence Secrets of the Research &amp; Analysis Wing - he had highlighted \"certain instances of corruption which he noticed during his tenure\". The instances of corruption are allegedly in connection with the procurement of UHF/VHF antenna as also communication equipment. He claimed that his book also highlighted the officers responsible for the `graft'. To substantiate his claim, Singh said that an internal inquiry was conducted by an ex-RAW Officer.He, however, claimed that despite sending the complaint to the CBI, no action was taken. \"The complainant on October 29, 2008, sent a detailed complaint in this regard to the then director, Central Bureau of Investigation. The said complaint evoked no response,\" the petition said. The plea also alleged that when Singh filed an RTI in January, 2009, to know about his status of complaint he was told that it had \"not been disposed off and the matter was under inquiry\".The court noted that the CBI is required to complete \"the secret verification or preliminary enquiry within a period of three months from the date of receipt of the complaint\".\"Prima facie, there appears to be inaction on behalf of CBI,\" CMM Yadav said. The court, however, sent the copy of the complaint to District &amp; Sessions Judge for February 6, 2012, \"with the request to mark it to the court of competent jurisdiction for passing appropriate orders\" as it did not have the power to deal with the cases of the Prevention of Corruption Act.Singh was posted on deputation to the cabinet secretariat, RAW, as joint secretary, telecom, from where he retired in 2002. The CBI had booked him under Section 5 (wrongful communication of information) of the Official Secrets Act about three months after his book hit the stands.The agency had alleged that the information in the book and other documents recovered from Singh were sensitive in nature and revealing them in public domain could be \"prejudicial\" to national interests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11706638", "title": "AMC to permit renovation and repairs of these ancient structures", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Restructuring old buildings in the walled city area is no more illegal. The good news for owners of heritage structures is that Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has finally decided to permit renovation and repairs of these ancient structures.The heritage cell of Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation has taken a decision to this effect. Though, all restoration and renovation work will have to be done without making major changes to the original structure.The idea, said AMC officials, is to retain the unique antiquity of the walled city while making changes in homes and buildings to take into account today's lifestyle demands. \"The new rule will give owners right to make changes in the interiors to suit their requirements, but essential parts like the facade of pol houses cannot be doctored,\" said an official of AMC's heritage cell.The official said that as per their records there are more than 12,000 ancient structures listed with the heritage cell of the AMC.A person who wants to carry out the repairs will be permitted to do so, subject to the approval by the state heritage committee. The state committee headed by former municipal commissioner P K Ghosh, is responsible for implementation of heritage regulations in the walled city.\"Once the application is made it would be scrutinized by this committee. Only after its approval AMC would grant permission. The committee will also recommend suitable changes if the renovation alters the basic structure or the original design,\" said an AMC official.This new rule will serve multiple aims: first would be to save these old structures from being sold illegally, without the knowledge of AMC. Second: By making renovation legal, rampant illegal constructions and renovations would be curtailed to a large degree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11707640", "title": "Sanitary complex scheme in Trichy gets fresh thrust", "text": "TRICHY: The much-touted scheme of building and maintaining integrated sanitary complexes in each village panchayat failed to take off as villagers preferred open spaces. The scheme launched way back in 1991 by the AIADMK government has now been revived in Trichy district with a fund allocation of Rs 1.7 crore.About 400 of the total 404 complexes are being renovated in Trichy district. A meeting was held on Tuesday under the guidance of additional director of the Women Development Corporation R Rajashree here with women development officers of Trichy, Aiyalur, Perambalur, Tiruvarur, Nagapattinam, Cuddalore, Pudukottai and Thanjavur for speeding up the sanitary projects.Trichy district women development officer P Vijaya Lakshmi told TOI after the meeting that the convenience complexes were not maintained during the last regime, and some of the members of women self-help groups (WSH) charged a fee for using the facility which villagers did not take kindly to. However, Lakshmi was of the opinion that anything given free would not work out and said the administration had decided to charge a nominal amount per family in the village for the facility, which would be utilised to supplement toiletries for common good.Vijaya Lakshmi said the chief minster had taken keen interest in the matter and this time, instead of the WSH groups, the responsibility of maintenance would be entrusted to the villagers themselves, who would be formed into monitoring groups. To start with, renovation would be carried out at the existing 397 sanitary complexes and the remaining that were damaged, would be reconstructed.Moreover, some villages in Lalgudi, Manapparai, and Mannachanallur town panchayats have also been identified for construction of new sanitary complexes in the second phase in the near future so that the ignominy of defecating in the open would be done away with once and for all, said Lakshmi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11707677", "title": "Tourism dept fails to hardsell botanical garden", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The much-touted botanical garden in Sarangpur, near the realty hub Mullanpur, is yet to attract visitors or host any eco-activities.It was set up to promote research, education, off-site conservation as well as creating awareness on floral heritage and promoting eco-tourism in Chandigarh.The new features in the garden were to be activity-oriented to enable the visitors to get close to nature. The tourism department had planned to provide bicycle on a nominal rent to visitors for pedalling around the garden.A network of cement concrete pathways of 6km length criss-crossing the entire length and breadth of the garden have also been constructed to make it easy to access each of the 15 sections of the garden.The garden already has a Nature Interpretation Centre, which was to be housed in a new building. The existing centre has exhibits on medicinal plants. Other displays on flora and wildlife were to be displayed to create awareness among the masses on nature, environment, medicinal plants, forests and wildlife.\"The garden continues to wear a deserted look. With Mullanpur buzzing with activity due to the real estate boom, UT should make serious attempts to capitalize on its location,'' said Rajinder Virk, student, a resident of Sarangpur.According to the tourist department plan, a conference hall with a capacity of more than 100 persons was to be utilized to educate students, farmers, NGOs and other groups. It was also meant to hold workshops and other activities pertaining to environment education.The garden is connected to the nature reserve, Patiala-ki-Rao forest, by a causeway and has a 3km nature trail. A lake developed in Patiala-ki-Rao on 15 acres of land, will act as a waterhole for the wildlife in Patiala-ki-Rao forests and promote eco-tourism in the city.A UT official said that the area has the potential to attract tourists and the plan would be implemented shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11706481", "title": "Here's how to weather the vagaries of weather", "text": "NAGPUR: This January, the city has seen a unique phenomenon of experiencing all three weather conditions in the same month. The dreamy and lovely weather of late has been more like a welcome change. Yet, the vagaries of the weather may land one straight at the doctors, especially if you have not taken care to ward off diseases.This month, the doctors say, they have seen more cases of viral infections than they usually do at this time of the year. A little caution, however, would go a long way in ensuring that one does not fall prey to the ailments let loose in the air, say doctors.Consulting physician Dr Sanjay Ambatkar said there were more instances of viral infections than he routinely sees during winters. Cases of upper respiratory track infections have gone up the most, he said. The doctor advises protection from the climate and mosquitoes for those who wish to avoid sickness.Homeopathy practitioner Dr Ravi Wairagade too has seen more complaints of viral fever and respiratory diseases. His prescription to remain healthy is exercising to improve one's immunity.\"As there are many more events we go to, including marriages and receptions these days, many food borne diseases are also on the rise. Cases of diarrhoea, dysentery and gastric diseases have been seen much more in the last few weeks. Conjunctivitis cases too have been seen, though not in an epidemic proportion,\" informed family physician and president of city branch of Indian Medical Association Dr Pradeep Rajderkar.Physician Dr Pradeep Mishra reasoned that poor sanitation after the rains is also causing so many infections. \"In the last two weeks, there have been more problems for asthmatic people as viral infections worsen their condition. We also have more people falling ill because of chronic respiratory problems like bronchitis and other such chest infections,\" he said.The medicos insist that taking the right precautions is the only way to keep these maladies away. One should specially be careful about the food and water.one consumes, along with maintaining clean surroundings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11708747", "title": "Corporation files caveat in SC", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city corporation has made an advance move in the Vilappil row by filing a caveat in the Supreme Court. Thiruvananthapuram corporation filed a caveat on Monday anticipating the Vilappil panchayat would move Supreme Court with an appeal challenging the Kerala high court verdict to reopen the garbage treatment plant at Vilappilsala.The caveat would mean that if the Vilappil panchayat files an appeal, the Supreme Court cannot pronounce a decision on it without hearing the version of corporation. It could very well upset the plans of Vilappil panchayat. Corporation officials said that with the corporation filing a caveat in advance, it won't be easy for the Vilappil panchayat to get the stay order. Deputy Mayor Happy Kumar said that the corporation went for the caveat so that Supreme Court would consider the views of corporation as well. \"Any decision in favour of Vilappil panchayat is likely to worsen the garbage crisis,\" he said.When ToI contacted the officials of Vilappil panchayat, they said that they were completely unaware about the caveat. \"We don't know if the corporation has already approached the Supreme Court. We are yet to receive the copy of high court verdict that directs the government to re-open the garbage treatment plant. Future decisions can be taken only after consulting with our advocate,\" said R Damodaran, Vilappil panchayat member. Panchayat president Sobhana Kumari was unavailable for comment.Gopalakrishnan Nair, advocate of Vilappil panchayat said that he hadn't received any information regarding the caveat. He added that the Vilappil panchayat will certainly move Supreme Court.\"The legal procedures to tackle the corporation will soon be finalized in consultation with the panchayat committee,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11712823", "title": "Shriya Saran fills in for a fresh face", "text": "With Shekar Kammula's new heroine abandoning his upcoming flick, the director has roped in Shriya as a replacementShekar Kammula is one director who stays away from the biggies and chooses to launch fresh faces with most of his movies. And almost a year ago, the director embarked on another such venture, \"Life is Beautiful\", with a new lead couple. The actor even selected the two faces through a much-publicized talent hunt for this urban flick that revolves around the new generation's aspirations and lifestyle. Though Sekhar originally planned the film's release in November last year, there's still no word from him about the film nor has there been any announcement about the movie's cast and first look. Buzz has it that the new girl whom Shekar zeroed in on, abandoned the movie after six months of shooting!According to insiders, the actress, who is an NRI, left for the US when Sekhar, who is known for his long shooting schedules, couldn't complete on time. \"Not wanting to delay the project, the director approached actress Shriya Saran to play the lead role. And while it is being reported that Shriya has accepted a cameo role in the film, talk is that the actress has replaced the new girl as the movie's leading lady,\" said the source.Meanwhile, Shriya, who hasn't tasted much success lately is looking forward to the film too as she is in dire need of a hit. It is a known fact that Kammula's leading ladies, Kamalinee Mukherjee and Tamanna have gone on to become successes. Both Shekar Kammula and Shriya Saran were unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "11708777", "title": "Shiv Sena to contest 25 seats in polls", "text": "BICHOLIM: The Shiv Sena state chief Ramesh Naik on Tuesday said that they will contest 25 seats in alliance with the newly formed Bhim Sena for \"the welfare of poor and down trodden sections and Bahujan samaj\".Naik told reporters that the Congress has led not only the State but the entire nation towards destruction, thereby also planning a conspiracy to finish the Bahujan Samaj community and as such, dethroning the Congress which is full of scams and corruption is the need of the hour.He also added that the Sena will deal with the challenges like Goan culture, Marathi the language and other local issues.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11708701", "title": "To invest more in India: Japan envoy", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Japanese ambassador Akitaka Saiki on Tuesday said that Japan will be increasing their investment in India with an aim to increase trade relationships between the two countries. Saiki said this at the Gujarat National Law University (GNLU) while speaking at a lecture series at the university's Centre for Foreign Policy and Security Studies.\"The investment trend is going to go upward in the next few years,\" said Saiki talking about the investment plans for India. The ambassador also said that Japanese FDI in India in 2011 was Rs 15,000 crore.There are 812 Japanese companies operating in India generating more than three lakh jobs in India. Elaborating further on the trade relationships between India and Japan, Saiki said that there are around 20,000Indian businessmen who are operating their ventures in Japan . He said that this huge presence and the demand for legal services generated by them have inspired many Japanese lawyers to learn English . While talking about the strong presence of Japanese companies in India, Saiki, however, pointed out that there are 80,000 Japanese companies operating in China.The ambassador also said that talk about nuclear relations between India and Japan has slowed down after the Fukoshima nuclear crisis in 2011, and also because of local resistances in India. \"However, we are slowly going to resume the relationship,\" he said.The ambassador also had a meeting with the Gujarat chief minister. In the meeting, Saiki said that both Japanese industries and the government are looking forward to increase their involvement, participation and investment in Gujarat .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11707511", "title": "Chidambaram slams Naxals\u2019 vasectomy policy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Home minister P Chidambaram said the Maoist directive asking its cadres to undergo vasectomy operation was a form of \"violence and oppression\" unleashed upon them.\"This is not a new report... there have been reports in the past that Naxals exploit young girls... (and) of Naxalite cadres committing torture on cadres, taking away young boys and forcibly recruit (them). This is one another kind of violence and oppression they unleash upon young cadre,\" Chidambaram said when he was asked about the statement of some surrendered Naxals in this regard in Chhattisgarh's Kanker on Monday.\"It just shows the character of the Naxal movement that they indulge in many different forms of violence and oppression even though they claim that they fight oppression,\" he said.Meanwhile, he announced creation of more than 460 posts for the intelligence wing of CRPF which will give its troops vital snoop inputs in anti-Naxal operations. The force has deployed more than 70,000 troops for anti-Maoist operations in various states and has been wanting an exclusive wing for undertaking quality operations in the Naxal corridor with an aim to eliminate the enemy without suffering casualties.The wing will not only gather intelligence but will also work to counter leakage of sensitive operational information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11707185", "title": "Bad roads are a concern for residents of Shikharewadi ward", "text": "NASHIK: Roads appear to be a major concern in ward 74 which that includes the area from Datta Mandir-Mhasoba Mandir to and from here to the end backside of Jagtap Mala, Datta Mandir-Angarika Society and Shikharewadi. The residents of Shikharewadi also complain that the 800m jogging track plus playground is not well- maintained.\"The road entering Shikharewadi from Turning Point restaurant to till the playground is not in good condition for nearly the past ten years. past nearly ten years.In the monsoon, rainy season, commuting on this road becomes very difficult,\" said K Chindrani, a resident of Shikharewadi.\"The jogging track is good and many people use it, so is the playground. But the jogging track is very dusty and in a single day our clothes become dirty. Also health-wise, dust is not good to inhale,\" said N D Kulkarni, a resident of Shikharewadi. He said that a proper jogging track should be constructed, with paver blocks or whatever is suitable to reduce the dust there.S Patil, a senior citizen, said added that despite having two water pumpsthere, the plants at the ground are not watered regularly. \"Also, the ground and its surroundings are not very clean, with wrappers and polythene scattered at the edges of the ground and the track,\" he said.Sitting corporator, Ranjit Nagarkar, said that the road had been was repaired three months after he got elected but agreed he does agree that the work had has been shoddy. \"I got road work works worth Rs 1.75 crores sanctioned for the entire Shikharewadi area and the work is under progress,\" he said adding that some nuisance elements were spreading false things about him.About the jogging track, he said that paver blocks or any hard surface is not recommended for jogging tracks. \"We had laid bricks and red mud over it. A year's time should be given to the track to set but people were very eager to use it. On their request I laid murum over it because of which the condition of the track has become like this and now they are complaining,\" he said agreebut agreed toHe added that but said he would look into ing to look into the cleanliness issue for the area surrounding the track. and also the watering part of it.\"As I mentioned earlier I have got very little less time to perform and I too am not 100% percent satisfied yet I tried to do my best in my tenure and wish to do more,\" he said.Raju Tarle of the Congress party, and Nagarkar's opponent in the last election, alleged that the entire ward has bad roads.\"The whole ward is basically is a D P (development plan) road. The roads have not been expanded. The area is unclean because the garbage van does not come regularly, tree plantations have not been done, the power supply for street lights is irregular,\" he said. He also alleged that only after providing the basic infrastructure should one think of beautifying the ward.Nagarkar refutes the allegations saying that the road works are underway and that the expansion of the roads are also being done from Turning Point to Ajanta Nagri in Shikharewadi, Swimming Pool Road, Kalantri Bungalow to KJ Mehta School.\"The garbage vans come regularly to the ward but the timing may vary for a couple of hours. People then dump it outside. Can't people hold their garbage for a couple of hours?\" he questions.He agreed agrees that to some extent there was is a street light problem which he had has tried to overcome adding that and that in Shikharewadi, he had has changed all the street lights in Shikharewadi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11706163", "title": "Senior lecturer wins 11-year fight with Nagpur University", "text": "NAGPUR: After being made to run around for 11 years, Nagpur University has been forced to grant a senior lecturer the equivalence to his M Ed degree that he got from the Yeshwantrao Chavan Memorial Open University.Dhananjay Kadam managed to force the hand of university authorities only after he met Maharashtra governor-cum-chancellor K Sankaranarayanan to express his plight.Kadam, the mathematics lecturer at Shiv Vaibhav College in Wardha, had completed his MEd from YCMOU in 1999. He then applied for NU's PhD on December 16, 2000. A year later, NU's equivalence committee rejected his proposal stating that equality could not be granted to the open university degree. He was not the only one whose application was rejected.Kadam then wrote several letters to NU officials and the government but got no relief. The Amravati University granted him equivalence but NU officials remained steadfast.He even provided copies of UGC resolutions dated July 28, 1999 and May 5, 2004, the state's March 8, 1995, National Council for Teachers' Education (NCTE) directives of October 22, 2001, All India Universities (AIU) notification of April 11, 1996, and Government of India's letter of June 7, 1982. All asked the universities to grant equivalence to the open university degrees.Even though the YCMOU is a state-owned university, it adamantly refused to pay heed to numerous requests by Kadam. \"They even refused to acknowledge recommendations by AIU which is the apex body for granting equivalence. On other hand, they provided teacher's approval to me on the same YCMOU degree for my present job,\" said Kadam.The governor finally sought the varsity's position on Kadam's status. The NU administration then convened an emergent meeting of its equivalence panel on January 25 and finally granted Kadam the equivalence.Deputy registrar with NU's exam section Anil Hirekhan, who was looking into Kadam's case, said that the earlier equivalence panel of education faculty had rejected Kadam's case in 2001 but since he was not holding the charge at that time, he would not like to comment.Hirekhan, however, stated that when Kadam's case came up again last year, he expedited the procedure. \"Now the new panel has granted equivalence to him, it would help many students who graduated from the open university. In future as well, it would help many students,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11708195", "title": "Heroin seized, 2 women held", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two women have been apprehended for possessing 470gm of heroin worth Rs 47 lakh.In the first incident, SI Bhagwan Singh received a tipoff on January 29 that a woman would be coming to the Pusta Road bus stand to deliver drugs to a contact. A trap was laid and the woman was nabbed. The accused, identified as Shabo (27), was in possession of 270gm of heroin. \"Shabo was reportedly three years old when her father expired and her mother started selling heroin to meet family expenses. Later, Shabo joined her mother in drug trafficking,'' said addl DCP (crime) Sanjay Bhatia.In another incident, a crime branch team arrested a woman for drug trafficking and recovered 200gm heroin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11705189", "title": "Entire stock of iron tablet to be withdrawn", "text": "Mumbai: A Thane-based consumer has alerted the food and drug administration about iron pieces being found in a medically-prescribed iron tablet.The content of elemental iron in the tablet, prescribed for anaemia or lack of red blood cells, was way above permissible limits.FDA commissioner Mahesh Zagde has directed the Himachal Pradesh-based Galpha Laboratories to withdraw the entire stock of the product from Maharashtra.Simultaneously, the FDA has told 76,000-odd medical stores, public health and medical education departments not to prescribe the product. \"Since we are not the licencing authority for the product, we have written to the Himachal FDA and FDA commissioners across the country to ensure the product is not prescribed to any patient. We have also taken up the issue with the Drug Controller of India,'' Zagde said.A professor of pharmacology said the presence of free metallic iron particles in an iron tablet is unheard of. \"By and large, iron tablets contain ferrous and ferric salts. I am in the pharmacology sector for well over four decades, but have never heard of the presence of iron particles in an iron tablet. It should be probed at the highest level and stringent measures should be taken against the erring pharmaceutical firm,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11708663", "title": "SMEs need awareness on govt schemes", "text": "MYSORE: Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) should utilize state and central government schemes, said SM Jamkhandi, director of MSME Development Institute (MSME-DI), Bangalore, here on Tuesday.Speaking at a one-day state-level awareness programme on 'Export and National Manufacturing Competitiveness programme schemes' he said, although the government was offering a slew of schemes and sops for SMEs, a majority didn't utilize them due to lack of awareness and education about the schemes. Despite these glitches, the SME sector's growth is so obvious. The government has set the ball rolling by instructing all banks to focus more on SMEs, he added.He also mentioned that 45% of engineering exports are from SMEs and it is the largest employment creator in the country. He called upon SMEs to come out with much more creative to compete in the global market. The government provides financial assistance to almost all development aspects. Even if they want to exhibit their products in foreign countries the government will provide financial assistance, said Jamkhandi.\"Those days we needed to go to foreign countries to market our products, but now, foreigners themselves come here and request us to market our products in their countries. There is a lot of improvement in SME sectors and it contributes substantially to the country's gross domestic product (GDP) and todaySmall and Medium Enterprises are the finest jewel on the Indian crown,\" said Jamkhandi.Prakash N Raikar, president, Karnataka Small Scale Industries Association (Kassia), who also spoke on the occasion, called upon the government to hold a discussion on improving SMEs during the 2012 -Global Investors Meet. While giving permission to construct a large scale industry, the government should ensure they give a majority of its piece work to local SMEs instead of giving it to outsiders and also called upon the government to urge Public Sectors like HAL and Railways, to give at least 30% of its piece work to SMEs.Jamkhandi gave a presentation on NMCP schemes while Shariff, assistant director, VITC, gave a presentation on export-related issues. Entrepreneurs from across the state are taking part in the one-day seminar. The event was organized by the Karnataka Small Scale Industries Association, in association with All Small Scale Industries Association of Mysore district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "11708483", "title": "Oracles trade trance for union", "text": "Malappuram: Starting Valentine's Day, north Kerala's devout millions will have their hot line to god disconnected. The velichapads or komarams (oracles) of Malabar, where the highly popular annual temple festival season is about to begin, have formed a welfare association and given a strike call from February 14 demanding salary revision and better working conditions.The velichapads had to kneel at the altar of communism to have their prayers heard after repeated pleas to the devaswom board failed to see their wishes granted. They have sought, and obtained, the support of CPM-controlled CITU. Velichapads are an organic part of the religious and social landscape of Kerala, especially the northern districts.They become active during the temple festivals from January to March when, after rigorous fasting and other austerities, they go into a trance and pronounce on various queries - both of a private and communitarian nature - posed to them. At these moments they are believed to act as a bridge between the devout and the particular deity they represent. Though revered, their economic status sadly fails to reflect it.Sreechakra Rajarajeswari Velichapadu Welfare Association , an organisation for oracles under the Malabar Devaswom Board, has the sympathies of their fellow practitioners working under the Cochin and Travancore devaswom boards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "11707931", "title": "Two Maoists arrested from Saranda forest", "text": "ROURKELA: In a joint combing operation by CRPF, Special Operation Group and Rourkela Police, two Maoist cadres were arrested here in the wee hours of Tuesday. The arrested persons were allegedly engaged in several Maoist activities in Odisha-Jharkhand border area and were involved in at least three rebel-triggered incidents.According to sources, during a routine combing operation here in Saranda forest, under Rourkela police limits, two Maoist cadres, identified as Birbal Gudia (23) and Chandradeb Tirkey (24), were arrested by the police team. Gudia is a native of Tirilposh of Jharkhand, whereas Tirkey is a native of Jairekela of Jharkhand. Both Gudia and Tirkey have been actively involved in several Maoist activities. They were also involved in three major incidents which had occurred on January 9, 2011. Gudia and Tirkey, along with about another 30 Maoists had blown up Jareikela outpost, Bisra Tahasil office and Bondamunda railway cabin on the same day.\"Birbal Gudia, who has been arrested today, was an active cadre. His sister Mamata Gudia was arrested earlier in a different case and has been in jail since then,\" said Rourkela SP Himansu Lal.The arrest of the duo came close on the heels of the arrest of another Maoist cadre Mani Purty last week by Rourkela police. Police had arrested another Maoist in the region about a month ago.\"Combing operations at several strategic locations are being carried out on a regular basis in the locality in an effort to put a check on Maoist operations,\" Lal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "11708507", "title": "NSCN-IM celebrates 'raising day'", "text": "DIMAPUR: The NSCN (IM) on Tuesday celebrated its 32nd \" raising day\" at its designated camp at Hebron with chairman Isak Chishi Swu unfurling the Naga national flag.On the occasion, Swu reminded the members that it was on this day that National Socialist Council of Nagalim was formed at Nokpa (Eastern Nagalim) after the failure of NNC to rise up to the occasion to save the \"nation\" by signing the \"infamous\" Shillong Accord.He said there was a terrible crisis after the Shillong Accord but God came to their rescue and showed them the way to form NSCN to spearhead the Naga struggle. He added that during the subsequent period, NSCN was able to win support on the home front as well as at the international level.The UNPO gave recognition and membership to NSCN in 1993 and other international contacts were also established, he added. He appealed to outfit members \"not to forget God as this is the only way to save the nation.\"General secretary Th Muivah also spoke on the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "lucknow/new delhi", "code": "11711762", "title": "Income Tax Dept searches premises of liquor baron Ponty Chadha in UP, Delhi", "text": "LUCKNOW/NEW DELHI: The Income Tax Department on Wednesday conducted searches at the premises of prominent Uttar Pradesh-based liquor baron and businessman Ponty Chadha, in the state and at a few locations in Delhi.The searches, which began early this morning, were conducted at more than 10 premises of the businessman after the I-T department got inputs regarding alleged tax evasion by firms associated with him, sources said.The searches were conducted by the Delhi-based Criminal Investigation Unit of the department and, according to the sources, the searches were related to the alleged mis- pricing of huge liquor consignments in the state and other places.Chadha is one of the largest liquor businessman of the state, with numerous dealerships, and his business interest is also in the cinema and multiplex sector.A number of residential and official premises in the state and neighbouring Noida were covered in the searches by a team of about 80 I-T officials, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11706779", "title": "Can't arraign cops as yet: Naroda Patia court", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A special court hearing the Naroda Patia case on Tuesday disposed off an application filed by witnesses, who demanded arraignment of four cops in the trial.The court disposed of the plea on the ground that this is not a proper stage to take a decision in this regard, and appropriate decision would be taken at the time of appreciation of evidence. Besides this, SIT reiterated that further probe is underway.The witnesses requested the court to arraign then inspectors of Naroda police K K Mysorewala and V S Gohil, SRP officer Ketan Parikh and an SRP commando identified as Dataniya. The application filed through advocate Yusuf Shaikh had contention that the court has examined 60 eyewitnesses, and of them eight have described Mysorewala's role in the violence in which 95 persons died on February 28, 2002. Mysorewala and other three personnel should be arraigned on basis of evidence that has come on court's record, which cannot be overlooked.Meanwhile, the court also rejected an application filed by the accused persons demanding examination of 24 persons as court witnesses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "11707097", "title": "\u2018Ban on Isro scientists wrong\u2019", "text": "NELLORE: Former officials of Isro have questioned the Centre's motives in penalising four scientists, including former Isro chairman G Madhavan Nair, for the Antrix-Devas deal. They sought revocation of the order banning the four scientists from working for the government.Some retired officials said the procedure of issuing the order against Nair and three others was not as per the well-established procedures and norms of the government and hence, demanded that the order be revoked.\"It is unfortunate that Madhavan Nair and three other scientists are barred from government jobs. It is mandatory to call for an explanation or give a chance to them to present their views which has not been done,\" said K Sambasivaiah, former officer, Isro, Sriharikota.He said Nair and other scientists were instrumental in not only launching satellites but they played a pivotal role in taking India's space programme to great heights. He said the government owes an answer as to how the scientists alone were responsible for the Antrix-Devas contract.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11707483", "title": "Teachers pick holes in CBSE system", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Which system would be better for assessing children studying in schools affiliated to Central Board for Secondary Education (CBSE)? The one being put in force by (CBSE) by finalizing a software for schools to upload assessment marks or the earlier one, in which teachers used to play a major role.Going by teachers, the continuous and comprehensive evaluation (CCE) is supposedly going to lose its sheen with the descriptive indicator value missing . In a recent circular passed by CBSE to all affiliated schools, the board mentioned that no school will be uploading the descriptive indicators as the board will do it through the software.As per the new method students getting A grade in different scholastic and co-scholastic fields might get the same remark, which might not be correct.Two years ago, CCE was introduced to identify strengths of every particular student and therefore teachers used to give specific indicator for which the grade was given. The reason why board had taken over the task is because \"there were many spelling, grammatical mistakes and variations in the descriptive indicators provided by the schools (last year). Schools should have avoided spelling and grammatical mistakes. In view of this, descriptive indicators will be provided by the board,\" read the circular.The city schools heads feel that a computer-generated indicator will not be able to justify students' capability and identify his strength and will, therefore, defeat the entire purpose of CCE and introducing co-scholastic areas. They feel that through this method child's skill will not be defined and thus will prove no good to the child.Rakesh Sachdeva, principal of DAV Public School in Sector 15 cum a CBSE counsellor said, \"If the software is going to decide why certain grade was awarded to student then the descriptive value of the school will have no meaning. It's the teacher, who knows why the grade was given and so its teacher's job to give the grade. Rest I have not read the letter as yet so I can't comment.\"Agreeing to the fact, Sanjay Sardana, director of Manav Mangal group of schools, said, \"It will be general remarks. It will also defeat the basic concept that every child has his own strengths and weaknesses and we have to define them well. Instead of this, the board could have given schools a few options to pick and choose as specific indicators in the software.\"C P Chaudhary, principal of Kendriya Vidyalaya School in Sector 47 said, \"No two people in the world are alike, not even twins so how can same indicator be given to all children with same grade. This is not going to help the child in anyway as in the end he will not know his strengths and weaknesses.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11707344", "title": "Sena drops eight current corporators", "text": "NASHIK: Shiv Sena on Tuesday announced the first list of 92 candidates for the elections to Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) dropping out eight sitting corporators.After parting ways with its ally the Bharatiya Janata Party , Shiv Sena had formed pre-poll alliance with RPI (Athavale). Shiv Sena and RPI have decided to contest 106 and 16 seats, respectively. Of 106, Shiv Sena has announced the names of 92 candidates, while the names of the rest of the 14 candidates are to be finalized by Wednesday.The eight sitting Sena corporators who have been dropped from the list are Anita Pande, Bharati Tajanpure, Ranjit Nagarkar, Deelip Datir, Aslam Maniyar, Lata Handore, Ravindra Deore and Punjaji Gamane. Sitting corporator Tanaji Phadol has lost his seat due to change in reservation. In his place, the candidature has been awarded to his wife Shobha Phadol from ward number 51 (B).The thirteen sitting corporators who have been retained by the party are Sanjay Bagul (ward number 7-B), Sachin Marathe (30-B), Ashok Gavali (19-A), Madhuri Khairnar (43-B), Chandrakant Khode (54-A), Meena More (49-A), Rajendra Nagare (18-B), Seema Badade (41-A), Kalpana Pande (42-B), Vandana Birari (52-A), Suryakant Lavate (60-B), Satyabhama Gadekar (57-B) and Naina Gholap (61-A).\"We have declared the list of 92 candidates and names for the rest of the 14 seats, which were disputed with number of aspirants willing to contest, will be finalized by Wednesday. We had asked all the aspirants for these 14 seats to file their nominations. The party will shortly decide on who should be given the AB forms,\" senior Shiv Sena leader Sunil Bagul said. The AB forms are given by the parties to candidates, thereby making them the official candidate of the party.Sitting corproator Prashant Avhad, who had been rejected ticket by BJP and entered Sena last week, has been included in the list from ward number 13 (B).The couple--Sudhakar and Harsha Badgujar--have been included in the list from the ward 47 (A) and 47 (B), respectively. Komal Meharoliya, the daughter of former Shiv Sena corporator Pratap Meheroliya, has been included in the list. RPI (A) district chief Prakash Londhe said his party would stake claim for five more seats apart from the 16 given by the Sena. He pointed out that the RPI (A) wanted to contest from wards 32, 37, 49, 52 and 57.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11711364", "title": "Look test for Suriya", "text": "As soon as K V Anand announced his Maattraan with Suriya, rumour mills worked overtime, churning out stories that the actor will be either playing roles of Siamese twins or a reincarnated character in the film.To put rumours to rest, the director went on record to tell us, \"Suriya has five different characters in the film. He will sport five looks in it and each characterisation will be completely different from the other.\" And now, the latest we hear is that Suriya and Anand have flown down to the US to finalize on one of the looks for the film. A well-informed source reveals, \"The two of them left for the US a few days back and will be back after a week, once Suriya's look is decided. They will be meeting up with several makeup technicians and zeroing in on one of them for the film. Almost 70 per cent of the film is done, and Anand will wrap up rest of it once he returns to Chennai.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "11706046", "title": "314 aspirants for 62 ZP seats, 560 for 123 samiti seats", "text": "YAVATMAL: With January 30 being the last date for withdrawal of nomination papers for the ensuing zilla parishad (ZP) and 16 panchayat samitis (PS) in Yavatmal district, 314 candidates are left in the fray for 62 ZP seats and 560 for 123 PS seats.The NCP has already opened its account by winning one seat of Pusad Panchayat Samiti, as its official nominee Asha Sanjay Chavan has been declared elected unopposed from Moha(E). The seat was reserved for OBC women and five aspirants from NCP and one from Congress had filed their nominations.The four candidates of NCP withdrew their nominations leaving Asha Chavan in the fray while Congress nominee Anushree Ramesh Walale too opted out despite her party issuing her the AB form to contest the election on its official symbol. Consequently, Chavan won the seat unopposed.According to sources, there were 989 nominations for zilla parishad while 1,479 nominations were received for panchayat samitis. However, 379 aspirants withdrew their nominations for ZP and 616 aspirants for PS seats have withdrawn their nominations.There are six election petitions from five constituencies pending before court. Seven appeals from PS constituencies are also pending.In Babhulgaon, the Congress has two candidates with the party's AB form for the Falegon PS seat. Atul Raut, who is close to MPCC president Manikrao Thakre, and Ajabrao Dakhre, who is supported by deputy speaker of state assembly and sitting MLA of Ralegaon Vasant Purke, have succeeded in getting the party's AB forms. However, since Atul Raut filed his nomination before Ajabrao, there is a possibility the election officer will decide Atul is the party's official nominee and allot him the party symbol.Though party sources claimed it was an inadvertent lapse, political observers are speculating it was a result of Vasant Purke falling out of favour after his mentor and six time MP Uttamrao Patil's departure from Congress into NCP.Both are scheduled to address public rallies across the district and they would take every opportunity to take a dig at each other, since Uttamrao Patil has indirectly accused Purke (without mentioning his name) of having selfish motives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11707296", "title": "HC directive to Nashik SP in acid oil theft case", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Monday directed the state director general of police to file an affidavit stating why the police were unwilling to file a first information report in many cases.A division bench of Justices V M Kanade and P D Kode were hearing a petition filed by Iqbal Ramzan Khan after the Devla police in Nashik refused to register his complaint, despite it being a cognizable offence, in an acid oil theft case from a tanker.The Nashik superintendent of police and the officer in-charge of Devla police station have also been asked to file an affidavit.According to Shaikh's petition, on February 10, 2011 he loaded the tanker with Rs 7.42 lakh acid oil but his driver Abdul Wahid stopped before UP Dhaba at Devala on February 15 and fled after selling some of the oil to someone.He found that there was a there was an oil theft worth Rs 1.90 lakh. Shaikh went to lodge a complaint on February 19 against Wahid at the police station. He said there was no spot panchnama done and the police did not initiate any action. Even after writing to the Nashik superintendent of police there was no action. He said the police were under statutory obligation to register a complaint.The judges said that they have observed that this happens in several cases despite a cognizable offence been disclosed in the oral complaint. \"We are observing this in case after case,\" said Justice Kanade.On a suggestion by public prosecutor Pandurang Pol, the court also directed that a copy of the 2008 full bench judgment of the Bombay High Court on how to apply section 154 of the Criminal Procedure Code (information in cognizable cases) be circulated to all the police stations in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11710983", "title": "HC comes to the rescue of MSc student in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: An educational institute or a university cannot verify the application form of a student after a year and then invalidate his admission, the Bombay High Court said last week. The scale of equity and justice is tilted toward such students, said the court, adding that verification should be instant.On January 19, Justice S J Kathawalla allowed Ram Shila Singh to continue his studies in the five-year MSc (integrated) programme conducted by the University of Mumbai and the department of atomic energys autonomous Centre for Excellence in Basic Sciences (UM-DAECBS).After completing two semesters, Singh was informed by the centre in May 2009 that the registrar (eligibility and migration certificate unit of the university) has held him ineligible for admission due to his less percentage of 59 instead of 60 in the ISC (equivalent to HSC) from National Open School, Delhi. Hence, it could not allow Singh to continue as a student.Singh obtained 95.06% in the national entrance screening test and was shortlisted. After counselling on July 24, 2009, he was asked to proceed for admission and he took it the same day. In the column pertaining to details of examination, Singh clearly mentioned that he had obtained a second class. He also submitted his ISC marksheet along with other documents to the admission committee.Singhs advocates Gunjan Shah and Sanjeev Sawant argued that the university and the centre, after a period of one year, cannot say that he will not be allowed to attend classes in view of the purported mistake on their part in scrutinising the marksheet and the admission form.Advocate Rui Rodrigues, appearing for the university, admitted that Singhs case was taken for verification after almost a year. He said the university has now prescribed a limit during which application forms should be forwarded to it for verification.Justice Kathawalla said that Singh did not suppress any fact at the time of admission and that, in the first instance, it was the mistake of the committee. He said verification ought to have been completed by the institute or the university within a reasonable time so that the student, who is not guilty of any inequitable conduct, doesnt suffer. The university surely cannot verify the application form of a student after one year and then inform him that his admission is invalid as has been done in the present case, he noted.He added, Verification of admission forms by educational institutions and universities should be instant, i.e., without wasting any time since it is a known fact that in todays competitive world, no student can afford to waste time-more so for no fault of his because the same may not only adversely affect his educational career but also his entire standing in his career.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11707995", "title": "1500 patients treated at homoeopathic camp", "text": "KANPUR: A free homoeopathic health camp was organized by the doctors of 'Arogyadham' to mark the occasion of 'Hanuman Mahayagya' at Panki Hanuman temple here on Tuesday.As many as 1,500 patients of leprosy, eczema, high blood pressure , diabetes and asthma were treated and given free medicine in the camp. More than 400 patients from nearby districts like Mathura, Varanasi and Vrindavan also took part in the camp.Dr Arti Mohan said that many cases of uterus ailments and infertility were reported in the camp. The patients were educated about the measures to stay healthy and fit during pregnancy.Dr Hemant Mohan informed the patients about the fast and steady homeopathic therapies which are cheaper and effective.Dr Rajesh Dubey, Dr Abhishek Dixit and many homoeopathic doctors attended the patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11707601", "title": "4 women killed in road mishap", "text": "MADURAI: Four agricultural workers from Cumbum, who were on their way to work in cardamom plantations in Kerala were killed, when the vehicle in which they were travelling went out of control and rolled down a ravine on the Tamil Nadu - Kerala border, on Tuesday.Over 2,500 workers, predominantly women, cross over to Kerala from neighbouring Cumbum and Bodi to work in the cardamom plantations of Kerala everyday. They are transported to their work places by off-road SUVs that ply from Kerala on a daily basis. These vehicles, operating to various parts of Kerala collect Rs 20 per head from the estate owners and in their move to make a quick buck, always overload their vehicles. The workers, who start with a daily wage of Rs 80 earn up to Rs 150 when they become seasoned pickers.On Tuesday morning, a group of women from Vino Baji Colony in Bodi boarded the vehicle driven by Viji from Kerala. It was loaded with 17 persons, including the driver. The road to the plantations traverse across the hilly terrains and the vehicles vie with each other to reach their destinations, as the workers have to be dropped off in the estates at about 8am.According to eyewitnesses, the vehicle was speeding when its brakes failed after the driver tried to navigate a bend at a steep point. The vehicle rolled into a 100-feet deep ravine at a place called Piyalirao at Santhamparai in Kerala.Three women, Irudhaya Mary (50), Stella Mary (35) and Rasathi (45) were killed on the spot, while Sheela (21) died after being admitted to the Theni government hospital. Thirteen others, including the driver Viji, Chitra, Kutti Rani and Meena sustained serious injuries and were rushed to the Nedungundam hospital. Locals and other workers swung into action and started the rescue operations before the police arrived at the spot. Theni district collector, K S Palanichamy visited the injured in the hospital.The workers claimed that overloading was the main cause for the accident as they usually carry three times their usual load. The police also usually let them pass without much ado, as the drivers were familiar or bribed the personnel at the check-posts who turn a blind eye on the overload, they claimed.Many places in Bodi and Cumbum were shrouded in a pal of gloom following the accident with anxious villagers rushing to the spot to confirm the vehicle.\"We never note the number of the vehicles and lose contact as soon as our people go to work because some estates do not allow them to use cell phones during work hours and reaching there is a problem,\" said Chinnaiah of Bodi. According to him, the workers face many hardships and commuting to their work places in dangerous conditions was one of them.Police sources from Theni said that the accident occurred in Kerala and that they could not ascertain the reason immediately. \"These drivers are rash in their driving and violate the rules often and manage to escape from being fined or booked on the Kerala side where the check-posts are located,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11707355", "title": "Minister holds review meet on paddy purchase", "text": "PATNA: Food and consumer protection minister Shyam Rajak on Tuesday held a review meeting with officials of the Food Corporation of India (FCI), district supply officers and other officials of the department concerned.Rajak said that till now 3.50 lakh metric tonnes of paddy have been procured and added in February the target for procurement has been fixed at 15 lakh metric tonnes. He, however, said that in some districts procurement has been less than the target and directions have been issued to fulfill the target in February. Rajak said that constant monitoring on day-to-day basis would be done.Some district supply officers during the meeting said that the FCI officials are adopting dilly-dallying attitude in receiving custom milled rice (CMR). The minister asked the FCI officials to look into the matter and directed the department's principal secretary to make available computer to each marketing officer at block level with an executive assistant and a data entry operator to be provided by Beltron for which Rs 13 crore has been earmarked.During review of lifting of foodgrains it was found that under BPL, 75 percent of foodgrains had been lifted as against 80 percent under Antyodaya. The FCI officials were informed that it has yet to make available 32 rakes of wheat and 42 rakes of rice to the godowns of the State Food Corporation (SFC) due to which there was a fall in lifting of foodgrains. The FCI officials assured that by February 5 the remaining amount would be made available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mahbubnagar", "code": "11707208", "title": "Textile stir a dampner for weddings", "text": "MAHBUBNAGAR: The ongoing textile traders' strike has taken the sheen out of weddings in the state in the auspicious Maga masam. With the textile shops shutting down the shutters since January 23 over imposition of 5 per cent value added tax (VAT), the marriage plans have gone awry.The period starting from January 26 to February-end is considered most auspicious and not less than 50,000 weddings are slated in this period.A function hall owner in Maheswaram mandal told TOI that his hall was booked up to February-end but some marriage parties approached him postponing the wedding dates. \"They are unable to buy saris, suits and other wedding finery due to the ongoing strike of the textile traders. We don't know when this stalemate will end,\" he said.Textile shops in mandals and towns are also closed as sources said the textile traders' associations have imposed a penalty of Rs 51,000 if any trader opens his shop. While everything is in place, the closure of textile shops has turned upside down the wedding plans of people. Not only weddings, functions like house-warming and cradle ceremonies are also hit because of the textile stir.Priest Ravi Sarma of Shadnagar said Telugus and other community people eagerly wait for Maga masam to solemnize the marriages as the month as per Hindu mythology is considered very auspicious. \"In February 2, 3,10 and 12 dates are most important and good muhurthams for weddings. But with the textile traders' stir continuing, it remains to be seen as to how many would go ahead with the marriages,\" he said.Some people eager to not to miss the wedding schedule are rushing to Raichur, Bangalore and Bidar in Karnataka, Nanded in Maharashtra, Vellore and Kanchi in Tamil Nadu to buy clothes. Sources said people from Mahbubnagar, Hyderabad, Rangareddy, Chittoor, Anantapur and Nizamabad districts are flocking to these places to buy wedding clothes. \"We cannot postpone the wedding. So, we went to Raichur to purchase clothes for the wedding in our family,\" Ramakanth of Gadwal said.When contacted, state convenor of textile association Malleswar said 5 per cent VAT is too high. \"This type of tax regime is not imposed anywhere in the country. Jharkhand, Orissa, Tamil Nadu and Rajasthan levied the tax but abolished following a stir by cloth merchants,\" he said.Mahbubnagar district cloth merchants association general secretary Narendar said usually they do Rs 2,000 crore business during the Maga masam but due to the strike their revenues have taken a beating. \"We would not rest till the government abolishes VAT,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "11708332", "title": "Seminar on disaster management", "text": "SHILLONG: Since most of the Northeast is situated in the high seismic zone five, a seminar on the 'Emerging Trends in Reduction of Natural Disaster in the North East' was organized by the All India Radio, North Eastern Service (NES), Shillong at the Saint Anthony's College hall here on Tuesday.At the inaugural function, B P Domes, editor of a local paper said, \"People must be made aware of disaster preparedness in case of disasters like earthquakes as Shillong has many high-rise buildings inspite of being located in a high seismic zone.\"He emphasized that a strong public opinion is required to create such awareness. \"The media can play an important role in creating awareness on disaster management among the people but improved technology is required to create such awareness,\" A Bhatnagar, deputy director general (E) of AIR, Shillong said.In her welcome address, N Shadap, deputy director (P), North Eastern Service, AIR, Shillong hoped that this seminar will help design procedures for disaster management in the northeast. \"The AIR has been playing a pioneering role in creating such awareness in the region,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11707763", "title": "Sachin wants to make Chandigarh heritage city", "text": "CHANDIGARH: From making Chandigarh a heritage city in the true sense, with best of technology to bring new missionary zeal and management methods, and making all the private cars disappear from the city, this young man wants to do it all before doomsday. The best part - all his wishes are confined to City Beautiful!Sachin Sharma, a mechanical engineer born and brought up in city, top wish before the world ends is to put to use former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi's dream to use technology for everyday problem solving.\"Before doomsday I want to transform Chandigarh into a world class city and make it a heritage city with the best use of technology, e-governance so that we can bring about generational changes in our age-old processes and delivery systems that affect mass of people. Moreover, we need to transform the whole city into one big centre of excellence which will be a role model for the others,\" said Sachin. He also wishes to make Chandigarh a world class city.Next he wishes to develop a system so that whatever rubbish people throw outside automatically reaches the dustbin. \"As citizens it is our responsibility to keep the city neat and clean, but in Chandigarh people are too lazy to walk up to the dustbin and throw their garbage. So I want to develop a system where the garbage automatically reaches the dustbin.\"Interestingly, he wishes to strip all administrative powers from current officials and hand it over to the enthusiastic youth of the city. \"I feel most welfare programmes of the government fail as they do not use enthusiastic, full of energy youth. There are many young people in the city who want to bring changes, but the government will not give them this chance so stealing it from them seems a better option!\"Next he wishes to have the magical power to make all cars disappear from the city. \"We have a good transport system and after the metro comes, it will become even better therefore I want to take away the luxury and comfort of the people using personal transport. It will also help in the revival of cycling trend, which will keep the environment clean and improve people's health.\"Last but not the least, Sachin wishes that city youngsters, politicians and entrepreneurs begin to focus on moving forward on multiple fronts. \"I believe Rajiv Gandhi's legacy is more important in current times as today's youth is more confident and is able to understand and utilize knowledge in a better way.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11708599", "title": "Future of students is at stake as teachers strike", "text": "HUBLI: The future of over 1,000 students of Sri Vivekananda English Medium School, Arvind Nagar, Hubli is at stake, as teachers of the school are on an indefinite strike demanding better salary and other benefits.The school has been closed for the past 11 days. Worst-hit by the strike are the students appearing for SSLC examination in March. Pramod, a Class X student of the school, said, \"Preparatory examinations will start within a few days, but we are lagging behind in covering the syllabus when compared to other schools due to the strike. We are very worried as there is no sign of teachers withdrawing their agitation.\"Parents are blaming teachers for leaving their wards in the lurch when board examinations are just two months away.\"This is not the time to go on an indefinite strike. Without any concerns for the students, the teachers are holding dharnas in the school premises,\" said parents. They also asked the teachers to call off the strike in view of the approaching board exam. \"They should have protested in such a way that students are not affected by it. For the past 11 days no classes were held and kids are going back home after coming to school without learning anything. Who should we blame for this, the management or the school? If the teachers care for their students they should call off the strike immediately,\" said Parashuram Gondale, Somanna Kattishettar, Najeer Ahemed and other parents.Parents are planning to meet the management to find a solution for the issue and to pressurize them.Meanwhile, leaders of teachers' association said that they would continue the strike until the management agree to meet their demands. \"According to a government order, high school teachers have to be paid Rs 8,825 as basic salary and primary school teachers to be paid Rs 6,800. With experience, the teachers should also be given salary hikes and other benefits. However, teachers in the school are paid meager salaries,\" said, R Ranjan, vice-president of Dharwad district unaided English medium school employees association. \"The management had agreed to meet our demands in November after we held protest for eight days. But they have failed to keep the promise. So decided to go on strike again,\" he added. The management was unavailable to comment on this issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11708145", "title": "DAVV stops Jan salary of 32 HoDs on not furnishing details", "text": "INDORE: As many as 32 head of departments at Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV) are yet to receive their salaries for January for not furnishing the details related to budget and course plan to the varsity.In its order the varsity, on Tuesday sought clarification from the head of departments (HoDs) on eight points that could help in bettering its administration. Vice-chancellor Dr Rajkamal in a note has directed all the HoDs to certify that they have submitted the details to the varsity to claim their salary of January.Acting swiftly on the instruction by the vice-chancellor, the finance controller stopped the salary of January. The vice-chancellor said, \"The HoDs have not furnished key details to the varsity administration, which shows either they were absent or did not give required time to their department. So, the finance controller has stopped their salaries. If they provide the details, salary will be transferred into their respective accounts.\"The varsity has stopped salary as department heads failed to submit their team's appraisal report, minutes of department committee, did not maintain asset and stock register, did not inform about fix deposit and department account, expenditure incurred on each student by the department. \"The HoDs have not uploaded their syllabus and course plan for which they were ordered in June last year. We have asked the details in favour of students and varsity,\" said Dr Rajkamal.According to sources, the affected HoDs are upset with the varsity's move and are now busy furnishing the details to obtain their salary. Earlier this month, the vice chancellor in sudden inspection had found an HoD of a department and its team members were absent on a working day after which he summoned the department head and sought a clarification.In another development, the employees, who have been fighting for their regularization, met the vice-chancellor to expedite the process and fill up the vacant posts. The employees alleged that some varsity officers were hampering the appointments. The vice-chancellor called a meeting of the delegation with employees, registrar and deputy registrar to discuss the matter on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11707408", "title": "\u2018Ailing\u2019 Acharya gets admitted in Nims", "text": "HYDERABAD: Arrested IAS officer B P Acharya on Tuesday was sent to Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences (Nims) after he complained that he had a heart pain. This will allow him to avoid going to Chanchalguda jail after his CBI custody ends at 4 pm on Wednesday.Apart from hearing the bail petition filed by Acharya on Wednesday, the CBI court is also slated to see the investigation agency file its chargesheet in the Emaar scam case upon the expiry of the mandatory deadline.According to sources, Acharya, who was allowed the luxury of a room, cot and bedding at Dilkusha Guest House for the night after his arrest on Monday evening, refused to cooperate with the CBI sleuths when they attempted to question him about the Emaar scam case in which he is accused No. 1.The CBI team arrived around 9.30 am but to the repeated questioning on the scam, Acharya's stock reply was that he was not feeling well. A little later, he was taken to the CGHS at Begumpet where a medical check-up was conducted on him. \"However, upon his return to the guest house, Acharya continued to evade all queries and insisted that he was having a heart problem.This continued till 6 pm,\" said CBI sources. Not ready to take any chances, the CBI sleuths finally rushed him to Nims at around 6.30 pm. Hospital sources said the IAS officer complained of chest pain, headache and giddiness.However, they added that his overall health condition is stable. He was admitted in the lone VIP room of the ICCU of the cardiology department under the care of Dr D Seshagiri Rao, head, cardiology, Nims. Incidentally, this is the same room where disgraced Satyam founder B Ramalinga Raju was also kept during the first few days of his stay at Nims. Why the CBI did not take him to Gandhi Hospital is not known.Sources said that an ECG was done after he was brought to the hospital. Doctors ruled out any complication after seeing the reports and said that there was no need to worry. However, the only factor keeping the doctors alert is the fact that Acharya carries with him a family history of cardiac problems. Apparently, about a month ago, he was diagnosed at a private hospital with \"unstable angina\" a condition in which the heart does not get enough blood flow and oxygen. Acharya was, however, speaking and appeared normal otherwise, the sources said.In view of the stated health condition, it remains to be seen what verdict the CBI court would pronounce on Wednesday when Acharya's CBI custody ends.Meanwhile, CBI joint director V V Lakshminarayana called on chief secretary Pankaj Dwivedi on Tuesday morning and briefed him about the arrest of Acharya as well as the progress the investigation agency was making in the illegal mining and Emaar scam cases.Later, Lakshimarayana told the media that the CBI was waiting for a nod from the Centre for prosecuting IAS officer Y Srilakshmi in the illegal mining case and including her name in the chargesheet. The CBI joint director also denied that the arrests in the various cases were selective and that there was no question of applying third-degree methods against any of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11709445", "title": "Hooked on gadgets, kids ditch reality for make-believe", "text": "Smriti Sharma sends and receives 10,000 SMSes a month. She texts between classes and while travelling, watching TV and studying. She even texts to communicate with her brother in the next room. With so much written communication, one would assume that the 11-year-old has great command of languages. Surprisingly, she failed her English test last month.\"She is so used to SMSing and writing on the web that her test paper was full of short forms like l8r (later) and other such chat abbreviations,\" says her mother Rohini Sharma.But Smriti's is not a stray case. Dr Bharat Shah, a consulting psychiatrist at Leelavati Hospital, says that the overuse of gadgets and the internet is causing children to lose their grasp of languages and also other subjects.\"It is become a common phenomenon these days. Be it texting or posting on sites like Facebook, no one writes in proper English anymore. And the problem runs deeper because it is not just vocabulary that is taking a hit; the overuse of gadgets is also making kids lazy and denting their memory in a big way.\"Another factor contributing to weak language skills is the lack of handwriting practice, say experts. Most children these days prefer to type out their assignments instead of writing them. Research has shown that cursive writing plays an important role in several developmental areas. It helps children refine motor skills and increase handeye coordination.Jimmy Bryant, director of archives at the University of Arkansas, conducted a study on motor skills and cursive writing. He found that when children write in cursive hand they learn to finely manipulate the pen, maintain fluidity and apply the correct amount of pressure on paper. This in turn results in fine muscle control, which leads to an increased interest in other areas that require fine muscle development , such as art.Cursive writing also makes one connect with the material at hand, which is lost when students type or turn away from cursive, Bryant says. \"The process of cursive etches the material they write in their brains, making a permanent impact.\"Dependence on technology has also affected children's sleep and rest patterns , which can have a highly detrimental effect on concentration and learning. Dr Y Machiswala, head psychiatrist at Masina Hospital, speaks of one of his young patients \"who struck a note between concern and amazement\" . The 14-year-old kept an extremely late bed time, sometimes 4 am, because she was up surfing the internet . \"Her typical surfing session went like this: she would log on to Facebook and see a status update about a movie on her friend's page. This would probably make her want to google the movie and find its story. She would subsequently make her way to IMDB to seek information on the movie's lead actors. And from there, to the celebrity's Twitter account, and probably even hunt for movie snippets on YouTube .\"As a result, the child was extremely moody, couldn't focus on a single task for more than five minutes or even pay attention in school, making her grades slip despite her being intelligent . Kids need to get their minimum amount of sleep.\"A Harvard University team looked at how the use of media affected children's brainwave patterns while sleeping and their ability to retain words they learn in subsequent days. It found that playing video games and watching TV led to markedly lower sleep quality and also a significant decline in a child's ability to remember words or memorize lessons. Markus Dworak, who led the team, said it was not clear why learning among the study's subjects suffered : because of a disturbed sleep cycle or because visual stimulation from videogaming overrode the brain's recording of vocabulary.\"When you look at vocabulary, and after that look at competing stimuli like games, your brain has to decide which information to store,\" Dworak writes in the study's report. \"And a lot of times, kids' brains might favour emotionally-stimulating information over vocabulary.\"Research says ten hours of sleep a night is a must for children, especially those under 16. According to Dworak, sleep is when our brains weave connections among neurons, preserving and etching the ones that matter and cleaning out the ones that do not.\"Unfortunately, new modes of communication like cellphones, tablets and the hours spent using them are preventing already sleep-deprived children from getting enough rest,\" says Machiswala. What adds to this is that most children sleep with their gadgets next to them. So, even if they get 9-10 hours of sleep, it is interspersed with interruptions like a buzzing smartphone next to the pillow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11707760", "title": "Exhibition on Vedic books", "text": "MCM DAV College, Sector 36, organized an exhibition of books on Vedic culture in the college library.It was organized to help students become familiar with the treasure trove of knowledge found in Vedic texts.Students too showed much curiosity to know about the sacred writings.The institution managed to revive interest in Vedic culture, the storehouse of endless wisdom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11708664", "title": "No takers for Digvijay Singh", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Blame it on apprehending backlash of Hindu voters on account of sarcastic comments on saffron terror or vitriolic attack on Ramdev's black money crusade, but firebrand Congress leader and UP in charge, Digvijay Singh failed to find favour with party candidates, said some Congress leaders. Singh was in the hometown of Gandhis on Tuesday on a day-long visit. Failure on part of many candidates happened despite the fact that party high command had already faxed a message to the party election co-ordinator to utilise the services of star campaigners like Singh as and when they visit the city.But with most of the candidates showing reluctance to arrange for a meeting of Singh in their areas, which are predominantly Hindu pockets, he was left bewildered. Explaining the issue, election co-ordinator of Congress party in the city, Abhay Awasthi said, \"Candidate from city North was suggested about prospects of conducting a meeting at AG office crossing and his counterpart in city South was also briefed on holding a similar meeting near the gate of public sector units in Naini taking notice of a high chunk of voters in the industrial belt.However, both the candidates expressed inability to organise these meetings citing shortage of time as a reason. Singh headed straight to the Magh Mela area and returned to address a meeting of election representatives at a local guest house before releasing the party manifesto in the evening.\" He added that every party has its list of star campaigners who are demanded by almost every candidate in his constituency. Keeping this in mind party high command intimates the local units well in advance about their visit in order to enable the co-ordinators to utilise their services in any form during electioneering. Explaining the issue, Congress candidate Chaudhary Jitendra Nath Singh said, \"We were planning to arrange a meeting of Digvijay Singh in Daryabad and Kareli locality in city South constituency during the evening hours had he stayed overnight. But it was cancelled after he returned the same day\".Some Congress leaders also pointed out that candidate from city North had also planned a similar move in the evening by taking Singh to Beli Gaon and Bakhtiyari locality but with the VIP guest heading back to the state capital in the evening, both the programmes remained unmaterialised. Here it would be pertinent to mention that both the above places are Muslim strongholds where Singh's presence would have gone a long way in mobilising Muslim votes in support of Congress candidates, said a senior party leader. Naming the star campaigners of the party, as party leader pointed out that members of Gandhi family including Sonia, Rahul and Priyanka figure high in the list of star campaigners. For wooing the business community, union minister and Kanpur MP, Sri Prakash Jaiswal is high in demand while another union minister Salman Khurshid is most sought after speaker in constituencies dominated by educated class and intelligentsia. Apart from this union minister Beni Prasad Verma is favourite star campaigner in backward strongholds while cine star MP, Raj Babbar's presence in campaigning is also very much in demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11707284", "title": "Procedural gaps halt Uma Bharti's rath yatra", "text": "LUCKNOW: Tuesday proved to be a dampener for senior Bharatiya Janata Party leader Uma Bharti, as her much hyped 'Satta Parivartan Rath Yatra' could not start. The yatra was to cover more than 25 districts of the state including Ayodhya, Faizabad, Allahabad, Varanasi and Gorakhpur by February 24. A procedural lapse on the part of party failed to fetch them the relevant permissions for holding the same.Even though party president Nitin Gadkari performed the ritual of 'flag-off', party supporters were disappointed. \"Minutes before the programme was to commence, we were told that we have been denied permission,\" party spokesperson Narendra Singh Rana told reporters. Stating that the party has submitted a request in this regard with the office of chief electoral officer (CEO) on January 20, he added, \"If they had queries why didn't they tell us before?\"Chief electoral officer of UP Umesh Sinha however said that his office has not denied permission to anyone. \"Why will we stop them when we allowed others? Their request was not entertained because of incomplete papers. We have simply conveyed that they would be allowed to move only when they furnish the relevant documents,\" Sinha said. To note, Samajwadi Party's state president Akhilesh Yadav is undertaking Kranti Rath Yatra.Denial of permission however dampened the spirits of the people keenly waiting for Uma Bharti to hit the road. Gurcharan and Darshan Singh for instance, the drivers of the modern AC-rath decked up with LCD TV with direct to home cable, tailor-made refrigerator, public address system and a retiring room, were unhappy. \"There has to be something good behind this postponement,\" they said keeping their optimistic spirits high.Uma Bharti was undeterred by the move. Soon after the ritualistic flag off, she proceeded to old city area on for a brief public interaction. She however told reporters that she would fulfil all formalities before moving.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11707304", "title": "Health costs force couple to commit suicide", "text": "HYDERABAD: Unable to raise money for hospital expenses, a couple committed suicide at their house in Chatrinaka on Tuesday. The victims were identified as Ravi, 50, and his 45-year-old wife, Jyothy, from Kolar in Karnataka.According to Chatrinaka police, the couple, who migrated to the city a month ago, was staying in a one-room tenement in Uppuguda. They used to sell flower vases in front of their house.On Wednesday morning, neighbours noticed foul smell emanating from the house. As the couple had not been seen for the past two days, they suspected something amiss. Initially, they tried calling the couple and as there was no response, they broke open the front door.\"The semi-decomposed bodies of Ravi and Jyothy were found hanging from the ceiling fan hook with a sari,\" said Chatrinaka inspector N Shyam Prasad Rao said.Alerted by locals, police arrived at the spot and shifted the bodies for postmortem. Police found a suicide note purportedly written by them in Kannada.\"In the joint suicide note, the couple said they were committing suicide as it had become difficult for them to raise Rs 70,000 as Jyothi had to undergo haemorrhoid treatment,\" the inspector said.A contact number was mentioned in the note. After calling the number, police discovered that Jyothy was Ravi's second wife. \"The contact number he gave belongs to his first wife's son. We will know further details once they arrive in the city,\" the inspector added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11705505", "title": "Vegetable vendor held for raping 10-year-old", "text": "PUNE: A 40-year-old vegetable vendor was arrested on Monday for allegedly raping a 10-year-old girl between August 2011 and January 17 this year at Dattawadi in Akurdi.The Nigdi police identified the suspect as Chandrabhan Prasad Gupta of Dattawadi, Akurdi. The victim, who hails from Madhya Pradesh, was living at Gupta's house with her younger brother. Though she was scared after the incident took place, she managed to flee from Gupta's house only on January 17.Speaking to TOI, senior police inspector of Nigdi police station Nandkishore Bhosale Patil said that on January 17, some people from the slum in the Baudhhanagar area in Akurdi called the police and informed them about the girl whom they had found roaming around in the area. \"After seeing her condition, we sent her to the Sassoon general hospital for medical examination. The hospital gave the report that she had been raped,\" Bhosale Patil said.He said the girl did not reveal anything initially. \"We got her to talk with the help of members of the women's vigilance committee.\"The minor girl told the police that she was from a poor family. Her mother had sent her to Gupta's house with her brother for doing household work in August 2011. \"We called her mother to Pune after she gave us the address of her residence in Madhya Pradesh.\"Bhosale Patil said that after seeing her mother, the girl revealed that Gupta had raped her a few times in the house. \"On January 17, she somehow managed to escape from Gupta's house and reached Baudhhanagar.\"He said the police have arrested Gupta under charges of rape. Police sub-inspector R P Deshmukh is investigating further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11711597", "title": "Rajiv leader of hearts, Pranab like brother: Mamata", "text": "KOLKATA: Although she felt \"betrayed\" by the Congress leadership many a time, West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee describes the late Rajiv Gandhi as \"the leader of our hearts\" and Pranab Mukherjee as her brother.Recalling her days in the Congress when she was attacked by alleged CPI(M) activists at a rally in 1991 in Kolkata, she says, \"Rajiv ji, the leader of our hearts, took up the responsibility of paying for my treatment. He sent people to ask if I wanted to go to the US for further treatment\".Even as Banerjee's current relationship with ally Congress has turned sour, she treats Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee as her elder brother.\"I have always respected him and my relationship with him is that of an elder brother and his kid sister,\" she says recalling that when Mukherjee was once sacked by the party and formed the Rashtriya Samajwadi Congress in 1986, she had repeatedly requested Gandhi to take him back into the party fold.In her autobiographical account in the recently published book 'My Unforgettable Memories', she says that on hearing the news of Rajiv Gandhi's assassination in 1991 she was so shattered that she could neither eat nor speak to anybody for a week after that.\"I was orphaned all over again, for the second time in my life since my father's death.....I used to shut myself in the room and cry\".Even after two decades of Rajiv's death, the firebrand leader says she still feels his presence in every step she takes as the charismatic Gandhi scion had touched a chord that still plays the symphony of her life.\"Whenever I face a problem, whenever something upsets me, unknowingly my eyes seek out Rajivji's photograph on the wall in my room,\" the chief minister says.Banerjee says whenever it came to the former Prime Minister she was always led by very strong sentiments and had \"special feelings\" for his family.She even goes on to say that it was the void created in the party after Rajiv's death which forced her exit from the Congress leading to the foundation of Trinamool Congress .\"Unfortunately for us, after Rajiv Gandhi passed away, there was no one in the party who could understand our feelings, who could see where we were coming from. Unknown to all of us, Trinamool's message was tucked away in this misfortune,\" she writes.On her days as a Congress leader till 1997, Banerjee says she often got upset with the behaviour of the party leadership.\"On the one hand, we were being routinely harassed and tortured by the CPI(M) and the police, while on the other, we were insulted by the party (Congress) leadership. Therefore, we decided not to listen to the diktats from Delhi any longer,\" Banerjee recalls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11707454", "title": "Kites terrorise Ballygunge highrise", "text": "KOLKATA: Alfred Hitchcock's 'Birds' has turned out to be a bit too real for a highrise in the posh Ballygunge Circular Road area. As in the 1963 thriller, a flock of kites has been terrorizing residents for well over a month with unprovoked attacks.The birds of prey, with razor sharp talons, swoop down on anyone who goes to the terrace of the five storey building.The city is already grappling with another bird mystery - crows have been dropping dead for the past three months or so.A teenage girl had to be given a tetanus injection about two weeks ago after she was clawed in the forehead. Many others have been hurt. This TOI reporter also had a narrow escape on Wednesday when a kite swooped down with talons extended.\"My daughter had gone up the terrace to dry her shoes. A kite immediately swooped down on her and attacked her with its beak. She was petrified. She had to be given a tetanus shot,\" said Kavita Mishra of 52/1 A Ballygunge Circular Road.\"This has been happening for almost a month now. We thought it was one particular kite that was attacking us. But we have seen them swooping down in a pack. We are terrified of going up in the terrace,\" said Prakriti Prasad. His daughter Anukriti, a Class VII student, had a close shave a few days ago when a kite clawed her neck.The inmates of this five-storey building initially thought it was only women and children the kites were attacking. But men, too, have been pecked at or clawed. \"My husband was exercising on the terrace when a kite attacked him. He was stunned. It has become difficult to go up on the terrace now,\" said Mukul Shree Agarwal.Ornithologists and wildlife experts say that kites can become aggressive during the nesting and breeding season. But they are amazed that humans are being attacked this aggressively. \"Kites are very protective of their nest and chicks. But they do not normally attack humans so aggressively. They might peck or claw the head of humans if they feel threatened. But random attacks are unheard of. I am sure this will get over once the breeding season comes to an end,\" said ornithologist Sumit Sen.There is indeed a nest atop a coconut tree adjacent to the highrise. According to experts, kites start preparing their nests to lay eggs from January. The breeding period is in March. And they leave the nest after the chicks are out in about three weeks.\"Kites become aggressive during the nesting and breeding period. But attacking humans this way is very rare. They will stop attacking once the breeding season is over. In the time being the inmates could keep a dummy of a human or a scarecrow. This will scare away the kites,\" said Pranabesh Sanyal, former director of Sunderbans Tiger Reserve.Residents aren't satisfied. \"If the breeding season is the reason for the attacks, why has it never happened earlier? We have been living here for four years and this is the first time we are being attacked by kites,\" said Prakriti Prasad.Whenever the residents have to go to the terrace, they go in a group these days. And they carry sticks. \"We could not use the terrace all winter due to this menace. Almost every household in this apartment has some one or the other who has been attacked by the birds,\" said Pankaj Saxena, a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11708792", "title": "Anti-social elements get 'bond' notices", "text": "MARGAO: The South Goa district administration have identified 122 anti-social elements having a criminal records and all the sub divisional magistrates (SDM) have been asked to serve them notices for signing a bond in view of the upcoming elections.South Goa SP Arvind Gawas said that the police department had submitted the chapter cases of each of the 122 anti social elements to all the SDM's and deputy collectors across South Goa who in turn have been instructed to issue notices.Police sources added that they had carried out the mapping of sensitive areas in South Goa while preparing the list and the whole idea behind such a drive was to give a warning to these people with a criminal background that they are being watched.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "sitapur (up)", "code": "11708442", "title": "Give us 5 years in Uttar Pradesh: Rahul Gandhi", "text": "SITAPUR (UP): Lashing out at non-Congress governments of Uttar Pradesh for \"selling Ram, caste and religion\" for the past 22 years, Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi today asked voters to give five years to his party for development of the state.\"These parties have looted your hard earned money, sold Ram, religion and caste...never talked about progress and development in the past 22 years,\" Gandhi said addressing an election meeting here.The Congress general secretary said that he visits other states marching ahead on the path of progress and see people of the state contributing and the lack of development is UP fills him with anger.Attacking the BJP for its India Shining slogan of 2004 and Samajwadi Party for embracing former BJP leader Kalyan Singh, he said that his party has stood alone and never embraced people like Kalyan Singh and would not do so ever.Stressing that he would not budge till the state's progress is in place, Gandhi said that there was a need to think of the future, which leaders of Uttar Pradesh were not doing.Establishing a direct contact with the audience, Gandhi sought the names of a few and got others to raise their hands during his address.Telling the audience that the mobile phone in the hands of people in villages was a result of forward looking thinking of his father, late prime minister Rajiv Gandhi, he said that he was told about it (mobile phone) when he was 12 or 15 years old that the day phone reached villages they would wake up.Addressing rallies in Faizabad and Barabanki, Rahul Gandhi said the Congress pumps money through schemes in UP but the BSP's magic elephant eats it all.\"But now this elephant will be moved from Lucknow,\" he said.Targeting the SP, Rahul said three-time Chief Minister Mulayam Singh Yadav has punctured hopes of the poor.Mulayam speaks more and delivers less, he said. Both the SP and the BSP talk only about cycle and elephant and are not concerned about the development of Uttar Pradesh, the Congress leader said.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11706089", "title": "Bird race on Sunday", "text": "NAGPUR: Over 200 bird watchers will come together on February 5 for the annual bird race which is being organised for the 6th consecutive year jointly by HSBC Bank, Vidarbha Nature and Human Science (VNHS) Centre, Nagpur Birds and CAC-All Rounder.\"Such events help create awareness about the avi-fauna, their habitat and conservation efforts,\" said Tarun Balpande, a coordinator.Details can be had from Balpande (9850406345), Surendra Agnihotri (7350261116), Aditya Joshi (9890916713) and Amol Khante (0712-3271727).The concluding ceremony of the race will take place at Jerryl Lawns, RPTS Road, in the evening. AK Joshi, principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF), Maharashtra, will be the chief guest.The groups will go hunting popular birding sites in and around the city like Ambazari, Telangkhedi lakes, VNIT campus, Maharajbagh, Gorewada. Seminary Hills etc. Spots in the radius of 35-km of Nagpur will also be covered, informed Surendra Agnihotri, one of the race coordinators.The bird watching will be held from dawn to dusk.The participants will be required to jot down the details of the birds which they have spotted in a log book which will be provided to them by the organisers.The bird race provides a common platform for experienced and amateur bird watchers a great opportunity to learn from the veterans in the field. During the race, the competitors are divided into teams. The group is generally a mix of experienced and novice birders led by an expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "11709874", "title": "Facebook to hire Morgan Stanley for IPO?: Sources", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Facebook Inc, the world's largest social-networking service, chose Morgan Stanley (MS) to take the lead on its planned initial public offering, four people with knowledge of the matter said.Morgan Stanley gains the coveted lead-left position on the IPO filing, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the matter is private. That designation usually means a larger share of the fees collected by a securities firm.Facebook will file plans with regulators tomorrow to raise $5 billion, though the amount may rise, two people said. Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS), JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co (JPM), Barclays Plc (BARC) and Bank of America Corp (BAC) will help manage the sale, people said.Getting picked for the IPO is a coup for Morgan Stanley and Michael Grimes, the global co-head of the bank's technology investment banking unit. The securities firm won the biggest share of business underwriting US initial offers by Internet companies last year, data compiled by Bloomberg show. Taking the lead on Facebook may catapult the New York-based bank to the top of the US IPO league table for a third year running.\"This means a huge windfall for them,\" said Jack Ablin, who helps oversee $55 billion as chief investment officer for Chicago-based Harris Private Bank. \"The fact that they have led so many high-profile social media deals in the last year is proof positive that Morgan Stanley is most likely to be able to get this deal done.\"Bankers' feesInvestment banks working on behalf of Facebook may generate as much as $500 million in fees, depending on the company's ultimate valuation, Ablin said.Jonathan Thaw, a spokesman for Menlo Park, California-based Facebook, declined to comment, as did representatives of Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan, Bank of America and Barclays Capital, the investment banking division of Barclays.Facebook had been discussing raising as much as $10 billion, a person with knowledge of the matter said late last year. At that size, Facebook's IPO would be the biggest ever by an Internet or technology company, data compiled by Bloomberg show, trumping the combined US and German debut from Infineon Technologies AG (IFX) totaling about $5.85 billion in 2000.Silicon Valley relationships may have paid off for Morgan Stanley after it took the lead on last year's biggest Internet IPOs, from companies such as Zynga Inc. and Groupon Inc.\"Morgan Stanley was able to leverage its dominance among Internet companies going public,\" said Anupam Palit, head of research at GreenCrest Capital Management LLC.League table leaderOn underwriting league tables, Morgan Stanley took 20 per cent market share for IPOs by Internet companies on US exchanges in 2011, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. New York-based Morgan Stanley also led all US IPOs last year with 13 per cent share, selling an estimated $4.6 billion of shares and generating an estimated $262 million in fees, the data show.Grimes, a Los Angeles native who graduated from the University of California at Berkeley, meets regularly with investors in search of promising startups, has close ties to venture capitalists at such firms as Sequoia Capital and is an early adopter of his clients' products.A banker with Morgan Stanley since 1995, Grimes also may have benefited from longstanding ties to Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg , who was a senior executive at Google at the time of its IPO. Morgan Stanley led that deal.Morgan Stanley usually allocates a portion of initial offerings for clients of its retail brokerage, Morgan Stanley Smith Barney, a joint venture with Citigroup Inc.Gorman's goalMorgan Stanley Chief Executive Officer James Gorman has said that new equity issuances provide investment banking revenue to the brokerage and drive higher trading activity.That may help the brokerage, the world's largest, with more than 17,000 advisers and $1.65 trillion in client assets, make strides toward Gorman's goal of a 20 percent pretax profit margin. The unit had a 10 per cent margin in 2011. Morgan Stanley owns 51 per cent of the joint venture and has the chance to increase that stake to 65 per cent starting in May.Morgan Stanley also worked on IPOs by Yandex NV, Zynga and LinkedIn Corp, among the biggest Internet debuts in the US last year. It was one of the lead managers on Google Inc's IPO in 2004 and led Apple Inc's IPO in 1980, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Goldman Sachs, which placed fourth in US Internet IPOs in 2011 behind Deutsche Bank AG and Bank of America, helped take Yandex, Zynga and Groupon public, while losing out on LinkedIn, the data show.Goldman Sachs-Facebook 'strain'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11706784", "title": "Tent, chairs burnt in college before function", "text": "AJMER: A tent and about a 100 chairs were burnt in Kishangargh Government College on Monday night. The college was preparing for annual celebration that was to be held on Tuesday.The college principal, Arvind Kumar, got a case registered against anti-social elements. However, later it was revealed that student politics was behind the incident. An emergency staff meeting was called on Tuesday where a resolution was passed to ban students' elections in colleges.Sources revealed that the incident happened over a dispute about inviting the chief guest for the annual function. The students' union officials wanted to invite former minister and BJP leader Sanwarlal Jat while the college administration wanted to call someone from the ruling party.\"The students union invited Jat and also got the invitation printed for the function. The vice-president is from Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) and they took the decision to call the chief guest of their choice,\" said a teacher.\"I have lodged a complaint with the police and demanded an investigation,\" said the principal. He accepted that a staff meeting was called and a decision was taken to prohibit such incidents and the resolution was sent to the directorate of higher education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11707904", "title": "Chemist made to pay 3 lakh", "text": "BANGALORE: A 31-year-old techie working with a multinational corporation got an unregistered chemist in Banashankari to cough up a Rs 3-lakh fine to the commercial taxes department. All through a Rs 10 Right to Information application form.Amit Deshpande stumbled upon the racket after he saw that the bills, given to a family member who purchased medicines from the chemist, didn't have a Taxpayers' Identification Number (TIN). There were even Scheduled H drugs given without a doctor's prescription . Drugs which cannot be sold over the counter were freely available.\"In October 2011, I wrote a letter to the proprietor questioning him about these things, but he never responded. I filed an RTI application with the commissioner of commercial taxes to find out whether he was a registered dealer. Based on that, commercial tax officers conducted an inspection of the chemist's shop and found he was an unregistered dealer,\" Amit told TOI.Amit recently got a 'Thank You' letter from the office of additional commissioner of commercial taxes (enforcement) for being a whistleblower.\"During out inspection, we noticed that the chemist was not registered. All purchase bills for 2009-10 , 2010-11 and 2011-12 have been taken. The dealer has accepted the discrepancies and agreed to discharge the tax liability. The total tax liability is Rs 3 lakh,\" said MS Sathyaprakash , assistant commissioner of commercial taxes, south zone, Bangalore.The dealer paid the tax due and was also made to procure a Value Added Tax Registration Certificate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11708266", "title": "A 57-minute tribute to Malviya", "text": "VARANASI: In a very different way of paying tributes to its founder Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya, the Bharat Kala Bhawan (BKB) of Banaras Hindu University has come up with the a documentary film 'Yug Purush'. It has started screening the documentary from Tuesday.According to Dr Dev Prakash Sharma, director of Bharat Kala Bhawan, the 57-minute-long documentary is an effort of the past one year and has been produced on a budget on Rs 4 lakh. The film has been directed by assistant curator of Bharat Kala Bhawan Vinod Kumar while other members of the museum assisted him. The budget to produce the film was allocated from the money that came from entry ticket sale of Bharat Kala Bhawan. A token amount of Rs 10 is charged from Indians and Rs 100 from foreign tourists.According to Sharma, Yug Purush has also filmed the closely associated friends and relatives of Malviya, like Karan Singh, Girdhar Maviya. It also throws light on his early life and struggle for forming BHU in Varanasi. \"The film is being screened for visitors at Bharat Kala Bhawan with the help of a projector. There are four shows that will run from Tuesday apart from DVDs that are available for sale at the store of Kala Bhawan on 'no profit no loss' basis,\" informed Sharma.Meanwhile, commemorating the 150th birth anniversary of the great scholar, over 100 pictures, hand written letters and articles of M M Malviya have been put on display at Malviya Gallery. From early childhood pictures to letters and belongings of Malviya, all have been well stored and now put on public display.According to Sharma, the exhibition that was informally inaugurated by vice chancellor Prof Lalji Singh on Tuesday will travel to different museums of the country to mark his 150th birth anniversary. A pictorial book on Malviya was also released. \"While collecting the pictures, it was found that all the pictures were black and white, they were changed into coloured copies and printed in the form of a book so that general public could also get a glimpse of those flickers,\" he said. Bharat Kala Bhawan has also prepared medals, badgets, calendars and idols of Malviya which were released for sale on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11706483", "title": "Final frontier: TOI goes to Kerala", "text": "For a long time, Kerala has been the final frontier for The Times of India. Over the years, as we steadily expanded in the south - TOI is now the overwhelming leader among English-language newspapers in Bangalore and has strong editions in Hyderabad and Chennai - we were often asked, 'When are you going to Kerala'?It was a logical question. After all, the justly-renowned Kerala model is a shining example for the rest of the country.The India Human Development Report 2011 placed Kerala on top of the index for achieving the highest literacy rate, quality health services and consumption expenditure of people. Kerala's birth rate is 14 per 1,000 population and falling. In comparison, India's rate is 25 and that of the US is 16. Kerala's infant mortality rate is 12 per 1,000 births versus 53 for India and 7 for the US. Life expectancy in Kerala is 75 years compared to 64 years in India and 77 years in the US.We could go on rattling off statistics but the import is evident: the state is not only blessed with bountiful beauty, it also boasts of an educated, empowered and socially conscious people. In short, just the kind of readership any newspaper would love to have. So why had the world's largest English-language daily - a newspaper that is such a deeply ingrained habit in millions of Indians that they cannot imagine starting their day without it - not yet set up base in Kerala?As of today, the question is redundant. At the Times Group, we have always taken pride in the fact that the extent of our achievements is matched only by the scale of our ambitions. And so, we are reaching out to not one or two but 10 cities in Kerala. Starting this morning, Kochi, Thiruvananthapuram, Kozhikode, Kottayam, Pathanamthitta, Malappuram, Palakkad, Thrissur, Alappuzha and Kollam will wake up to The Times of India every day.A launch on this scale is unprecedented in the history of Indian newspapers. But then, creating landmarks is something we have become accustomed to.Readers in Kerala too will now be introduced to the unmatched combination of robust news coverage and insightful analysis that has made TOI the dominant leader in English-language newspapers. In addition, we are providing a superb value-for-money offering: readers who subscribe to both TOI and leading Malayalam newspaper Mathrubhumi will save up to Rs 50 a month.As has been our practice everywhere, we are committed to providing our readers in Kerala free and fair journalism, without any hidden agendas. It will be our endeavour to make what is important interesting. Beyond the daily dose of news, we will seek to empower our readers by anticipating crucial inflection points, and by mapping societal change. We will champion causes dear to their hearts and partner with them to make the Kerala miracle even brighter. It has taken us a long time to answer the question, 'When are you going to Kerala?' But now that we are finally here, we intend to make sure the wait was well worth it for our readers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11711242", "title": "Rewarding time for Rahman", "text": "The music composer won the Filmfare Award for the 28th time for his musical score in RockstarRahman is a busy man these days. Last weekend was one of the busiest for the music composer; he was in Mumbai to collect his Filmfare Award, his 28th one, and then made a dash to namma Chennai to promote an awards event for achievers with disabilities, a cause close to his heart.\"Thank you, Filmfare, for the diamond-studded statuette for Rockstar ! Ellappugazhum iraivanukke,\" tweeted the music composer on collecting the award.On the Kollywood front, the music composer has started work on Kochadaiyaan that's Superstar Rajinikanth's next film. Recently, the team, including Soundarya Rajinikanth, recorded with a 130-plus German orchestra in Mumbai for an important score that will be part of the movie. \"I'm happy to start work on Rajini's film,\" the Oscarwinner had told us recently.The Mozart of Madras has also completed work on Welcome to People that sees him join hands with Steven Spielberg, who is its co-producer. The film is directed by Alex Kurtzman and work on the music was complete a couple of months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "11708040", "title": "Couple celebrate b'day together", "text": "Civil Lines: Hardeep Singh Hakam and his wife Shelly had a special birthday as they celebrated it together along with the family on Brindawan Road in Civil Lines area.Shelly's birthday falls on January 29 and Hardeep celebrates it on January 30. But this time they decided to celebrate it together.Hardeep gifted gold earrings to Shelly whereas she gave him a 3G-enabled mobile that he wanted to buy.Hardeep's sister, Jaspreet Kaur and her husband Gagandeep Singh, who had come to wish them, gifted dresses to the duo and their year-old daughter, Gursifat Kaur.Hardeep's mother and father Rajinder Kaur and Surinder Singh were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11708719", "title": "A scultpor\u2019s landscapic journey on hungry stone", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A retrospective show of Prof Mahendra Pandya's work, \"Kshudhit Pashan\" , with his drawings and few of his sculptures is being presented by Black and White from February 3-8 at the exhibition gallery of the Faculty of Fine Arts at MSU Baroda.Professor Pandya, a noted sculptor and former dean of the fine arts faculty is known for his experiments with myriad mediums . His works were admired and acquired by prominent personalities including late Indira Gandhi and Dr Homi Jehangir Bhabha.The current show is being curated by noted Vadodara-based sculptor Ganesh Gohain , who says, \"I have a deep sense of admiration for Prof Pandya's unique ability to make lines respond to myriad surfaces, be it paper, stone or wood. I am hopeful that the younger generation will appreciate his uniqueness.\"Born in the princely state of Rajpipla, Prof Pandya trained as a sculptor, graduating from MSU in 1954. One of the earliest students of the faculty, during his initial years, Prof Pandya had explored drama, dance, music and all allied in performing arts, and only in the second year had started concentrating in sculpture.Later, he served as the dean at the Faculty of Fine Arts for one-and-a-half years and head of the department of sculpture for 28 long years.\"I always get bored working with one material for a long time, so I drastically changed my materials, mediums, idioms during all my creative periods,\" says Prof Pandya. He has explored stone, marble, burnt wood, cement and even aluminium to explore the glyptic art of curving.A love for Vadodara pervades Prof Pandya's senses, who has adorned the city with a sculptural fountain. Many of his sculptures and murals are in various parts of the country, including the UNICEF building, the Museum of Modern Art and Lalit Kala Academy in Delhi and the Salarjung Museum in Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11706325", "title": "Ayaan's sarod lights up Saptak music fest", "text": "NAGPUR: On day two of the ongoing Saptak Music Festival, it couldn't have been better for music connoisseurs gathered at the Scientific Society hall on Tuesday evening. With a light drizzle outside and overcast skies lending a chill to the evening, the musical notes emanating from the sarod wielded by Ayaan Ali Khan had a comforting, warm quality to them.The Gen X musician, clad in a cream silk kurta and churidaar, was in total command as he began the evening with a scintillating rendering of raag Kamod. Essentially a vocal raag, Kamod is counted among the more ancient of the raags, but coming from this 32-year-old it had a refreshing quality to it. Structuring it note by note, Ayaan did full justice to the raag as well as his lineage.His second presentation was the family favourite raag Darbari, which too was played with a genius that echoed much after the performance ended. He ended the evening with raag Jila Kafi.If the performance this evening was stupendous, then some credit needs to be shared with Satyajit Talwalkar, who accompanied Ayaan on the tabla. The jugalbandi did not falter even once. Totally in sync, Talwalkar could match his bol with the notes of the sarod, almost guessing how the young musician would strike them.What was also striking about this evening's performance was the seriousness with which Ayaan Ali Khan performed, without playing to the gallery, as is the trend among musicians.Satisfied with the performance, Pt Satish Vyas said, \"Both the raags played by him today were the favourites of my father Pandit CR Vyas. They are very traditional raags and today's performance would easily make Ayaan's father Ustad Amjad Ali Khan proud. I would say that the manner in which he is playing now, he has emerged from the shadows of his father. It is also heartening to see potential of younger generation, capable of carrying forward the family name.\"The festival will conclude on Wednesday with a santoor recital by Pt Satish Vyas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11706745", "title": "Maoist leaders forcing vasectomy on cadres", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seven Maoists, who surrendered to police in Chhattisgarh's Kanker, claimed their leaders forced them to undergo vasectomy to ensure the ultras' cause doesn't get lost in domestic compulsions.Besides three senior commanders, East Bastar divisional committee member Sunil Kumar and his wife Jayanti, a senior member of the Maoist cultural wing, are among those who surrendered. All the four men claimed they had to undergo vasectomy.Maoist veterans said vasectomy of members is an old practice in Naxalite outfits. It was also practiced in the People's War Group (PWG) that merged with the Maoist Communist Centre (MCC) in 2004 to form the CPI-Maoist.Speaking to TOI over phone, Bastar inspector-general of police T J Long Kumer said, \"Maoist leaders force their cadres to undergo vasectomy, especially, if they want to marry the party's female cadres.\"G N Saibaba, democratic rights activist associated with the Revolutionary Democratic Front (RDF), trashed such claims. He said, \"This is clearly a forced statement by the police. I think there is no truth in it. (Maoist spokesperson) Gudsa Usendi had clarified earlier that police put words in the mouth of surrendered Maoists for propaganda.\"Long Kumer, however, cited the instance of a PWG cadre Bhadrana, who led the Basaguda dalam. He had to undergo vasectomy when he wanted to marry a fellow Maoist. \"I was Dantewada SP then. After surrendering in 2000, Bhadrana told me he wanted to have children. We sent him to a Bhilai hospital to undo the vasectomy,\" said Long Kumer.Rajesh Kumar, who hails from Gadchiroli in Maharashtra, is currently a Chhattisgarh police constable. He was a Maoist area committee commander and his wife was a dalam commander. They surrendered towards the end of 2009. Rajesh said both men and women have to undergo procedures to prevent them from having children.Speaking to TOI, Rajesh said, \"The order for vasectomy comes from Maoist Central Committee leaders. If cadres marry and have children, they would lose the interest to fight. They would be drawn to a domestic life and that would hurt the party's cause.\"But, such operations are largely reserved for local cadres who are pushed to the frontline to fight the \"war\". \"Maoist leaders, most of who are from Andhra Pradesh, have no such compulsions. It's only meant for the local and tribal cadres. Maoist general secretary Ganapathy has two daughters and a son,\" said Rajesh.Recently, a Maoist couple surrendered in Andhra's Khammam district. They were in the same squad, and fell in love. The squad commander though wanted the male cadre to be sent away to another squad. \"When the couple resisted, he told them the man must undergo vasectomy before marriage as dictated by party constitution,\" said a source. The couple then deserted the squad and surrendered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11708505", "title": "CBSE calls for sharing of ideas among affiliated schools", "text": "CHENNAI: In an effort to equip schools to face challenges related to the implementation of the Right To Education Act, the Central Board of Secondary Education has called for suggestions on innovative and best practices adopted in affiliated schools across the country.In a letter to the heads of affiliated schools, CBSE director of training Sadhana Parashar said, \"the CBSE recognizes that in the next few years the country will swarm with young people wanting to learn, especially with the introduction of the Right to Free and Compulsory Education. With the changing demographics there will be an increase in the young population, thus innovation may have the biggest payoffs. There will be a need to reach out to children from disconnected and poorest parts of the country.\"In the spirit of radical efficiency, constant efforts are being made to design public resources that deliver different and better outcomes at a low cost. In support of such efforts, the CBSE is trying to network schools to motivate others to ditch the traditional treatment of education and become more productive and innovative after getting an idea from proactive schools. The letter added that the move was expected to encourage project or enquiry based learning, encourage peer learning and mentoring to ultimately spark off a positive learning experience.The CBSE encourages schools in a region to form a network to share practices in academic as well as administrative areas. Some schools have been able to take initiatives that can be replicated in other schools to better teaching-learning processes, from taking admission process online to improving parent-teacher interaction through an innovative interactive voice response system.Chettinad Vidyashram principal S Amudha Lakshmi said, \"I might have a wonderful idea that has had good success in my school. This success can be shared with others so they can benefit from it.\" She said the school had been successful in improving the communication skills of students and drawing them out using theatre. \"This is something we can share with other schools.\"The board said schools can send suggestions that would help improve pedagogy and learning, personalized learning using technology, technology for recording and documentation, implementation of CCE, school management systems or teacher training.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11706206", "title": "27k traffic offenders caught in a fortnight", "text": "Mumbai: The traffic police recorded a whopping 27,080 offences during the road safety fortnight conducted earlier this month. The cases ranged from seating beyond capacity to using fancy number-plates and drunk driving. The largest chunk comprised unauthorized parking cases and bikers riding without helmets.\"We recorded 12,501 cases of unauthorized parking, followed by 12,144 cases of riding without helmets. Motorists caught without their seat-belts on came third with 681 cases,\" an official said.Traffic officials say reckless bikers contribute to a large number of accidents. \"We have observed that most bikers want to use their cellphones while riding and this prompts them to not use helmets,\" said deputy commissioner Nandkumar Chaugule. \"Wearing any type of helmet is useless; it has to be ISI certified. Our personnel are instructed to check the helmets worn by riders they intercept and lodge separate offences where ISI-certified helmets are not being used.\" Accident victims have suffered skull fractures because they weren't wearing helmets, officials said, adding that ISI-marked helmets are tested for absorbing shocks.Speaking about the absence of sufficient parking places in the city, experts said 2 lakh cars end up being parked on the streets. \"Every year, we collect Rs 3 to 4 crore in fines only from unauthorized parking. While the number of vehicles has increased by nearly 85%, the civic body has been unable to construct parking plazas to accommodate them,\" said a transport expert.Traffic officials pointed out that captive parking, where vehicles are not parked on streets, was only available at a few malls in the city. \"The CR-II mall at Nariman Point has multi-level car parking which accommodates around 500 vehicles. Then there's Phoenix mill compound at Lower Patel which has captive parking, besides a few malls in the western suburbs. But altogether, they can't accommodate more than 12,000 cars,\" said a senior official, adding, \"In south Mumbai, most motorists have difficulty finding a place to park. Pay-and-park lots on streets require a no objection certificate.\" Some of the other offences recorded included loading beyond capacity (172), talking on phone while driving (132), speeding (112), no tail-lights, not using reflectors (289).The largest chunk of offenders were unauthorized parking cases and bikers riding without helmets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11708989", "title": "Ex-patwari lynched inside Ujjain court", "text": "INDORE: A retired patwari was lynched in court premises by his sister-in-law and relatives on Monday over a family dispute in Madhya Pradesh's Ujjain. Ramesh Nigam (65), was a resident of Bheru Colony in Tarana district. Two men and a woman were arrested.IG (Ujjain range) Upendra Jain said the lynching was the fallout of a family dispute. He denied Ramesh was lynched in the court premises. Police sources though said he was thrashed around 5.30pm in the court's parking area in the presence of lawyers and government officials.On March 18, 2011, Mahesh Nigam and his son Prakash were allegedly killed over a property dispute, said Rajesh Sahay, CSP Madhav Nagar. Ramesh, Mahesh's elder brother, was the prime accused. A woman relative of Ramesh caught him near the court and beat him with her slippers. Ramesh fell after about 15 minutes but the accused did not spare him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11707378", "title": "Bike goons strike again, 70-yr-old man robbed", "text": "KOLKATA: A 70-year-old man was robbed of '15000 by two bike-borne goons on a packed Lake Town road on Tuesday morning.Crimes like snatching and robbery have rocked the city in the last few weeks. A homemaker was recently shot by a bike gang in a Kasba locality.Police said Tuesday's incident took place around 11.30am when Pinaki Ranjan Dutta was returning home after withdrawing money from the Patipukur branch of a bank. The bikers suddenly stopped in front of him and grabbed his bag.\"I held on to my bag. But the youth kept pulling. Once the rider accelerated, I lost my balance and fell down. The pillion rider then kicked me and snatched the bag out of my hands,\" said Dutta.He said the duo were wearing full-face helmets with dark visors. He was so shaken that he could not take down the registration number. \"I shouted for help but the passersby only looked on as the bikers made a U-turn and zoomed down the other flank of the road towards Dum Dum Park,\" Dutta said.Locals alleged that daylight snatching and robbery have become frequent in Lake Town. \"Only a few days back an elderly woman was robbed of her gold ornaments. When she tried to resist, the goons beat her up. Despite our repeated appeals police have done nothing to stop the mugging,\" said Tarun Chakraborty, a resident.Police are carrying out raids to nab the criminals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11706463", "title": "Butibori MIDC compensation stalled again due to ZP polls", "text": "NAGPUR: Families to be ousted for setting up the additional Butibori industrial estate continue to wait for the compensation amounts granted in their names, even as funds required for the payout have been released by the state government. In a case of typical bureaucratic delay, now the collectorate officials which are busy with the zilla parishad elections due on February 7, have held up the disbursal till then.Previously also sheer procedural delays had delayed the payout. Prior to this, the funds could not be released from the state government's side, as the official gazette notifying the acquisition was not released from the government press in time.The land is being acquired by Maharashtra Industries Development Corporation (MIDC), but according to the government procedure it is the district collectorate, which executes the job. Right from negotiations to disbursal of the amount is done through this office. Now when the government released Rs 500 crore to be routed through MIDC last month, the payments has been held up till the elections. This has left the ousters impatient with a group of them having reached the MIDC office to protest against the delay.The MIDC is releasing the money tranches which the collectorate officials find to be inconvenient. So far an amount of Rs 75 crore has been deposited with the district administration, out of which payments to the tune of Rs 65 crore have been made, say sources. The next instalment of Rs 140 crore was due to be paid by December 31. However, it wasn't released by the MIDC, as the collectorate, had not finished disbursing the earlier amount.When contacted the Asha Pathan deputy collector in-charge of Butibori said the department is presently busy with ZP elections and can only take up the disbursal only after that. She also insisted that MIDC should rather deposit the entire amount in one go.Even as the collectorate officials are insisting on depositing the entire amount, MIDC is releasing it in tranches so that it continues to earn interest on the remaining funds. MIDC parks in funds in bank deposits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11707381", "title": "HC reserves order on docs' retirement age", "text": "PATNA: Justice A K Tripathi of the Patna high court on Tuesday reserved order in a case related to increase in retirement age of doctors of Bihar Health Services cadre.Petitioner Dr Radhe Krishna Choudhary has sought the court's direction to the state government to increase the retirement age of all the postgraduate doctors from 62 to 65 years. The petition pointed out the government in February 2011 increased the retirement age of the postgraduate doctors of only the Indira Gandhi Institute of Cardiology, denying the benefit to other doctors.Lifer denied bail: The Patna high court on Tuesday rejected the bail application of former MLA Rajan Tiwari in the sensational Brij Bihari Singh murder case. Tiwari was earlier sentenced to life imprisonment by a special CBI court in 2009. Brij Bihari was murdered on the premises of IGIMS, where he was undergoing treatment, on June 13, 1998.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11708557", "title": "Relief after 4 years, LB Road flyover to be a reality soon", "text": "CHENNAI: Long-pending pleas from the residents of Neelankarai, Palavakkam, Thiruvanmiyur and others along the East Coast Road may soon be addressed with the Corporation planning to float tenders to hire a consultant to build a flyover at the Lattice Bridge Road Junction in Thiruvanmiyur.The proposal was first mooted by members of the ECR Resident Welfare Association in 2008. \"Acquiring land was a major hurdle. There were several private owners to acquire land from according to the plan. So it was scrapped,\" said a corporation official. \"Also the proposal was in the previous regime, when there was no effort to take it forward,\" he said. The project was mentioned in the civic budget of 2007-08.However, taking residents pleas in consideration, the corporation is planning to hire a consultant to study the feasibility of the project. \"The tender for the consultant will be put out in March or early April. Once the study is complete, we will float tenders for construction,\" said the official. This time, there will be changes in the design to minimize land acquisition process. \"There will tweaks in the original plan. This will increase the costs. The original plan was at the cost of 126 crore,\" said the official.The new flyover will start on LB Road and end before Tidel Park. The previous plan envisaged a 600-metre flyover along with a 440-metre subway between Thiruvalluvar Salai and West Avenue Road.With the number of vehicles on road going up everyday, residents feel that a flyover will ease their problems. \"I take 15 minutes to cross the LB Road signal at 8am on my way to work,\" said Vidya Lakshmi, a resident of Palavakkam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11708267", "title": "Cop held for demanding bribe from truck driver", "text": "GURGAON: The state vigilance bureau has arrested a constable of Gurgaon police for allegedly demanding a bribe of Rs 6,000 from a driver who was driving an overloaded truck. The accused was produced in a city court on Tuesday and was sent on a day's police remand.According to the vigilance bureau, constable Parmod, posted at the Bilaspur police station, was arrested for accepting Rs 2,500 as bribe in an earlier incident. In the present case, he has been accused of demanding Rs 6,000 from the truck driver, Rajjak, for releasing papers of the truck and detaining the cleaner of the vehicle.\"The raiding team was led by Inspector Jagat Singh. The vigilance bureau has registered an FIR under Prevention of Corruption Act and the accused was produced in a city court on Tuesday. He has been sent on a day's police remand. The role of others is being investigated,\" said Sheel Madhur, IG, state vigilance bureau.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11707160", "title": "Four-yr-old epileptic operated on", "text": "Mumbai: Four-year-old Atharva Avhad was operated by doctors at Jaslok Hospital for epilepsy.Last Tuesday, Atharva underwent an eight-hour-long surgery, in which four parts of his brain had to be disconnected in order to cure him of what is known as intractable epilepsy.Dr Pareash Doshi, neurosurgeon who operated on Atharva said, \"The kind of epilepsy that this child suffered from required a specific procedure called hemispherotomy surgery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11706716", "title": "Staff crunch at tech colleges, says GTU inquiry committee", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Self-financed technical colleges affiliated with the Gujarat Technological University have a staff scarcity of over 40 per cent, revealed a recent report of the survey conducted by the Local Inquiry Committee (LIC) of GTU.The LIC teams visited 453 colleges offering courses in degree, diploma engineering colleges, pharmacy, MBA, MCA, architecture and hotel management. The survey revealed an alarming staff crunch which amounts to injustice to students who pay Rs 40,000 to Rs 80,000 annually as fee to the colleges.The problem is more acute in senior positions, with maximum posts of professors and assistant professors lying vacant. What's more shocking is that nearly 50 per cent of the private technical colleges are also headless.\"The LIC has also found that the position of principal is vacant in 50 per cent colleges which are being managed by in-charge principals. This cannot be tolerated,\" vice chancellor of GTU A K Aggrawal said.Aggrawal said that notices have been issued to all self-financed colleges where post of principals is lying vacant to fill the vacancy on immediate basis. \"GTU has issued notices to fill the vacancy of principals at the earliest. Many colleges started the recruitment procedure in October last year and should be able to complete the recruitment by the beginning of the next academic year,\" said Aggrawal.The LIC report has recorded not just scarcity of teachers in colleges but also put on record that a big number of institutes lack in basic infrastructure considered mandatory for technical colleges. The laboratories for students to carry out experiments as well as workshops, mandatory report has revealed that a number of self-financed technical colleges do not have for engineering, pharmacy and other technical courses.The LIC also found that many colleges have failed to increase the number of classrooms and despite years having passed and number of seats increased, operate from limited number of classrooms.Certain technical colleges were also found lacking laboratory equipment making it impossible for students to carry out practical work. In fact, nearly 10 colleges were recently found to have submitted practical marks to the GTU without carrying out practical exams as they did not have laboratories!While the GTU LIC carried out extensive survey in 453 self-financed private colleges, 42 government-run technical colleges have not been studied as the government submits the report on these colleges itself.Sources, however, say that the situation is equally bleak in government colleges where the staff crunch is estimated to be higher than self-financed colleges at 65 per cent!\"Maximum positions of senior professors and assistant professors are lying vacant in government colleges. Government hires lecturers mainly on ad-hoc basis and the situation is bad in government colleges,\" said sources in the technical education department.GTU sources said that since highly qualified candidates are offered higher salaries in the corporate sector or even by money-self-financed colleges, many government colleges are losing their senior faculty and are unable to replace them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11710891", "title": "International Law Summit in Mumbai", "text": "Law students in Mumbai provide a third helping of their legal convention on international law, reports Ruchi KumarStudents for the Promotion of International Law (SPIL), a student body organisation at Government Law College (GLC), will be hosting its International Law Summit between February 3 and 5 in Mumbai. The event, now in its third year, has aptly been themed to focus on International Trade Law and Economic Policy, perhaps with the recent global economic turmoil in mind.As an entirely student managed association, SPIL was created for the sole purpose of promoting international law amongst the future legal minds of this nation. Shreya Ramesh, president, SPIL Mumbai explains, Through this endeavour we aim to facilitate a basic understanding of the nuances of international law on a far broader scale. The summit will allow an interaction not only between the law students across Asia but also with stalwarts from the legal fraternity.The summit offers a motley crew of activities and events to its attendees, including lectures, paper presentations and an engaging panel discussion on Tax havens and money laundering: Two sides of the same coin?. Participants include Saumitra Chaudhuri, member, planning commision and economic advisory council to the prime minister and senior barrister from Mauritius and the United Kingdom . The event will be moderated by Nishith Desai, founder Nishith Desai AssociatesAn array of seminars will also be conducted the three days of the summit. Industry veterans like will talk on the subject of globalisation, the financial meltdown, the corporate law, competition and opportunities.Apart from the usual legal talk, the summit is also conducting two competitions for the legal novice - International Judgment Deliberation and Treaty Appreciation. The former will test the participants judgment writing skills, while the later will involve evaluating and appraising legislative documents.To register and attend the summit, visit www.spilmumbai.comCourtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11706392", "title": "Cooperative flat owners to move court for relief", "text": "NOIDA: Cooperative housing society flat owners may move the court for relief after heavy fines were imposed on them by the Noida Authority for failing to register their houses on time. The flat owners say that the Authority is to blame as they missed the deadline of January 25 set by the Supreme Court on failure of being provided completion certificates, a prerequisite for registration.\"There are several societies that have not been issued completion certificates despite members having purchased flats a decade back,\" said president of Federation of RWAs of Sector 62, S M Singh. \"The Noida Authority has been delaying completion certificates on one pretext or the other,\" added Singh.Residents complain that Authority officials undertake surveys of their societies from time to time and on each occasion come up with a fresh set of demands for issuing completion certificates. \"We have no choice now but to move the courts for justice,\" said Mukul Kumar, president of Indian Oil Housing Society, where nearly 375 owners have been affected.\"Our papers are pending with the Authority for several years now. First, we were asked to pay penalties for construction beyond permissible limits, which we did. Next, we were asked to provide a no-objection certificate from each member of the society for a temple constructed within the premises, which we duly submitted,\" added Kumar.Similarly, around 98 flat owners in the Vasant Vihar Housing Society in sector 62 also stand the prospect of paying lakhs in fines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11707542", "title": "'No one can usurp right to protest'", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has already barred the police from having unions or going on rallies. The move is now being extended to all state government employees.The new administration is invoking the long-forgotten clauses of the rule book that bar government employees from joining a political party. It will amend the rules to overturn a circular issued by the erstwhile Left Front government in 1981 that gave government employees the right to association.\"The (1981) amendment was done despite other sections categorically ruling out a government employee's association with a political party. Our amendment will re-establish the important rule that applies to the whole country,\" labour minister Purnendu Bose said.\"Earlier, government employees were affiliated with Intuc, which was not a political party even though it was run by the Congress. Later, INTTUC gave affiliation to government employees despite being an offshoot of the Trinamool Congress . INTTUC's status is clearly defined in our party's constitution. We need to address these grey areas,\" Bose said.It seemed the only person who was expecting the \"unprecedented decision\" was Ananta Bandyopadhyay, general secretary of the CPM-backed Coordination Committee. \"The Left Front had created history by granting trade union rights to government employees. We knew that a government run by any other party would repeal the rule.\" Bandyopadhyay has promised to launch the customary protest, though. He shrugged: \"No one can usurp our right to protest. We are not waiting for any government to give us the right or snatch it from us.\"But Samir Majumdar, secretary of the Trinamool-affiliated union, was outraged. \"We vehemently condemn the decision. Our trade union rights can't be stifled this way. The former government, though, granting the right in pen and paper, had tried to unnerve us many times. We demand that this government repeal the decision, or we shall launch a protest,\" he said.Writers' employees apprehend more such \"unprecedented decisions\". Some of them recall how a panel of judges had imposed severe penalties on hundreds of government employees in Tamil Nadu after the Jayalalitha-led AIADMK government accused them of misconduct during a statewide strike in July 2003. The government had acted under the Tamil Nadu Essential Services Maintenance Act (TESMA) and the panel was set up in the wake of the government's sacking 200,000 employees to crush the general strike.The state labour minister, however, assured that the Bengal government is \"not trying to curb anybody's rights\". We are only trying to remove the dichotomy within the service rules. We are truly pro-employee, and are keen to solve issues through dialogue rather than the agitation,\" he said.Biswajit Bhattacharya, general secretary of another Trinamool-backed union, the United State Government's Employee's Federation, appeared on the same page with the labour minister. \"The Left Front government had allowed us trade union rights though it is not due to us. But it used the Coordination Committee to curb any kind of opposition-led protest. The employee and the employer can never be friends. The employer will continue to deprive and we shall resort to protest.\"The government will also seek to know the total membership of organizations, invoking labour rules that don't acknowledge an organization with less than 20,000 members as a central trade union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11707029", "title": "Munna Bajrangi produced in court amid tight security", "text": "VARANASI: Mafia don Prem Prakash Singh alias Munna Bajrangi was on Tuesday brought here from Tihar Jail of the national capital and produced before the court of ADJ-XIII for hearing in two murder cases amidst tight security arrangements, including videography of all the visitors. The court, however, adjourned the hearing for various reasons and fixed January 13 as date of next hearing.Not a single well-wisher of Bjarangi turned up to meet him during his stay at the Kutchehri as well as Police Lines.The hearing in the case of Laxman Seth murder case was scheduled at ADJ-XIII on Monday. Seth was killed in a sensational early morning shootout at his residence in Lahurabir area under Chetganj police station on May 25, 2002. Apart from Bajrangi, his close associates -- Kripa Chawdhary, Babu Yadav, Rupesh Singh and Subhas -- were chargesheeted. During trial, Kripa and Rupesh were killed in encounters with police while Babu and Subhas were acquitted. As Bajrangi was absconding, his file was separated in this case. After his arrest in 2009, his trial started in this case.During the trial, statements of seven witnesses, including Seth's wife, have been recorded. On Tuesday, another witness, Satyendra (the brother-in-law of Seth) turned up but turned hostile by stating that as he was not present at the shootout site, he didn't see Bajrangi. After this, the court fixed February 13 as the next date for further hearing in this case.The hearing in Bade Singh and Rajendra Singh murder case was also scheduled in the same court on Tuesday. But due to some reasons, the hearing could not take place. The next hearing in the case would also take place on February 13.Earlier, Bajrangi was brought to Varanasi by train under tight security. After reaching Cantonment railway station, the team of Delhi police took him to the Police Lines from where he was taken to Kutchehri. Before Bajrangi could reach Kutchehri, the cops of several police stations and also Special Operations Group personnel cordoned off the court premises. Videographers were also arranged to record the movement of Bajrangi and also the persons trying to meet him. This move of cops resulted in keeping even the don's close confidants at bay.Bajrangi, who has also filed papers to contest on Apna Dal ticket from Maniyahu assembly seat, is facing a number of problems, including row over inclusion of his name in the voter list. He has also been named in an extortion case lodged with Varanasi police on January 25.Despite all the controversies and fresh moves of police, the nomination papers of the don were found to be correct during the scrutiny process on Monday. After this, it was considered that his well-wishers and poll managers would reach Varanasi to meet him to get fresh instructions to intensify their canvassing. But, the alertness of police foiled their bid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11706257", "title": "Wadettiwar accused of giving contract to kill ex-friend", "text": "NAGPUR: Not long ago they were thick friends. But, on Tuesday, Kirtikumar Bhangadia, an irrigation contractor, created a sensation by accusing former minister and Chimur MLA Vijay Wadettiwar of having given 'supari' (contract) to kill or maim him.Bhangadia, who parted ways with Wadettiwar around a year ago, also started politically challenging Wadettiwar in Chandrapur and Gadchiroli district, first capturing the Gadchiroli municipality last month and now fielding candidates in both the districts through the Vidarbha Jansangram Samiti.According to him, Wadettiwar had struck a 'contract' with one Lucky Khan residing at Koradi. Khan was arrested under Maharashtra organized crime control act (MCOCA). \"We received one such complaint from Bhangadia's close associate Suraj Kapse and accordingly provided him security,\" informed Punjabrao Madavi, the in-charge of Chimur police station.The Bhangadia is reported to be close to NCP leader and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar. Some time ago there was speculation of Bhangadia joining the NCP.Supporters of Bhangadia allegedly manhandled the personal assistant of Wadettiwar on January 28 at Chimur when he abused the contractor for challenging the former Maharashtra minister in the region. The youth leader had alleged that a deal of Rs 40-lakh was finalized with two criminals to kill him or two break his limbs and an advance of Rs 12 lakh was paid.\"I asked the police and the home department to inquire into the matter and initiate necessary action against Wadettiwar,\" he added.Dismissing the allegations, Wadettiwar said, \"Bhangadia is resorting to cheap gimmicks on the eve of local body elections.\"He urged the Chandrapur district superintendent to probe the matter.The Chimur police said they were trying to locate Lucky Khan whose name figures in the plaint. \"We are also suggesting to the home ministry to ban the entry of both Wadettiwar and Bhangadia in Chandrapur and Gadchiroli district during the elections of zilla parishad,\" says Madavi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11706988", "title": "A day after slapgate, SRK &amp; Shirish patch up", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after Shah Rukh Khan-Shirish Kunder slapgate incident, director Farah Khan and her husband Shirish met the actor at his residence to resolve the issue.While industry sources say that Kunder and Farah did apologise to Shah Rukh, the director refuted saying, \"We went to meet him because it was getting very ugly and anyone and everyone was jumping into it trying to take sides to prove loyalties and talking rubbish. In fact, Shah Rukh and Shirish hugged each other and said sorry to each other for letting this issue come to this level. Everybody knows I love SRK very much and both Shirish and I spent nearly half an hour with him today.\"\"It was Sanjay Dutt who called up Farah and fired her for speaking against SRK. It is learnt that Dutt told the director that you are Farah Khan because of Shah Rukh. Farah's brother Sajid called Gauri Khan and requested her to fix an appointment with SRK so that his sister and husband Shirish could go and meet him,\" according to an industry source.Shah Rukh had slapped Kunder for stalking him all through the party and misbehaving despite the actor's warning to him to stay away.The 14-year friendship between actor Shah Rukh and Farah hit a sour note in 2009. SRK had refused to star in Kunder's film. The rift only widened over the years. SRK was committed to starring in Farah's 'Happy New Year' and had even set dates aside for it. He requested her to make some changes in the script, before finalizing the project. But Farah was keen on launching her own production house and announced her first home production 'Tees Maar Khan' with Akshay Kumar and Katrina Kaif in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11705371", "title": "Last-minute rush to submit 2,492 nomination forms", "text": "PUNE: As many as 2,492 nomination forms were submitted for Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) election on February 16 on Tuesday, the last day. So far, a total of 3,558 forms have been submitted by aspirants since the process of filling nomination started on January 24.When compared to other days, almost double the number of nomination forms were submitted on Tuesday as 1,066 forms were submitted between January 24 and January 30.The period for sale of forms ended at 2 pm on Tuesday, while 3 pm was the deadline to submit nomination forms. On Tuesday 1,060 forms were sold, taking the number of forms sold since the process began to 8,190.The sale and submission of forms was done at 14 ward offices. The highest number of forms was submitted at Sangamwadi ward office which received 339 forms on Tuesday. The lowest was at Kasba Peth ward office, which recorded receipt of 103 forms.On Tuesday, Sangamwadi ward office with 481 forms topped the overall sale of forms while Aundh office sold the lowest, a mere 28 on Tuesday.\"The scrutiny of the forms will be done on Wednesday and invalid forms will mean disqualification of the aspirants,\" Pravin Ashtikar, election officer for PMC, said. The process of withdrawal of nominations will then begin.Ashtikar said that forms can be withdrawn till February 3, after which the final candidates' list will be declared and the final candidates in the fray will become clear.\"One candidate can fill a maximum of four forms for a seat. Some aspirants have filed more than one form hence the number of forms submitted has gone up. After scrutiny, only one form will be valid, so the number will reduce,\" he said.Candidates have to submit the deposit amount along with the forms. Open category candidates have to pay Rs 5,000, while women candidates and reserved category candidates have been given a 50 % discount and have to pay Rs 2,500.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11707998", "title": "Cancelled trains to run again", "text": "KANPUR: The authorities of North Central Railway have restored the trains which were cancelled owing to foggy weather conditions in December and January. These trains will be back on tracks from February 1.A railway official said that 12873 and 12784 Jharkhand Express will be back on tracks from February 1 and 2. This train had been cancelled from December 1 to January 31 between Hatia and Anand Bihar Terminus.Train No 13039 Janta Express, 14006 Lichhavi Express, 14723 Kalindi Express, 14212 Intercity Express and 14310 Ujjaini Express will be back on tracks from February 1. Train No 12040 Janta Express, which runs between Delhi and Howrah, will be back on tracks from February 3.Train No 14005 Licchavi Express, 14724 Kalindi Exp, 14211 Intercity Express, 14309 Ujjaini Exp will be restored on February 2. Train No 14115/14116 Haridwar Exp will be restored on tracks from February 9 and 10 respectively.Similarly, the trains that were partially suspended will also be restored from February 1 and 2. These trains are 15003/15004 Chauri Chaura Exp, 13111 and 13112 Kolkata Exp, 13007/13008 Udyan Abha Exp and 14217/14218 Unchhar Exp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11708155", "title": "HC upholds CISF constable\u2019s sacking", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has upheld the dismissal of a CISF constable, saying that an act of theft cannot be treated lightly in a disciplined force.Abench of justices Anil Kumar and J R Midha gave the order while upholding the decision of the central industrial security force to dismiss its constable Kishan Pal Singh for removing the cell phone of the woman passenger from her hand baggage during a security check.The bench gave the order on Singh's appeal against the CISF's decision to dismiss him.Singh had been removed from the force on a woman passenger's complaint that he had stolen her mobile phone at Mumbai airporton February 23, 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11708833", "title": "Police team probing museum robbery returns empty-handed from Mumbai", "text": "PANAJI: The Old Goa police team that had gone to Mumbai to check the CCTV recordings at Panvel railway station ticket counter have returned without much success.The police were hopeful that the faces of the two accused who along with the two security guards were involved in Goa's biggest robbery, would have been captured by the CCTV camera while purchasing tickets to Goa. Museum security guard Luis Bogato, 55, was killed during the robbery which saw antique items valued at crores of rupees being stolen from the Museum of Christian Art last Wednesday evening.\"The CCTV footage in Panvel railway station has storage capacity for only three days. The train tickets are dated January 24. Our team reached Mumbai on Sunday and crucial time was lost,\" said a police officer.The police are now relying on video footage from Margao railway station. \"However, the CCTV at Margao is kept at a height and it won't be easy to identify people coming out of the station,\" said sources.Old Goa police have arrested two security guards and have arrested Ravi Kumar, 20, from Bihar and Tikka Bahadur, 29, from Nepal , on suspicion. They also suspect two persons from Mumbai to be involved in the robbery.Robbers had stolen two gold rosaries, one gold cross, one gold chain, one gold bracelet, one gold waist belt, all either from the 18th or 19th century, valued at crores of rupees as they are antique artefacts.The police suspect the involvement of the security guards as the accused were aware of the escape routes from the museum as well as the security shift timings. \"We suspect that they first murdered the security guard, knowing well that he had the keys to the museum. The museum authorities said that the key was left with the security personnel after they found that there was an internal wiring fault and there were chances that the place could catch fire due to a short circuit, which could lead to the destruction of 17th century books, especially the bible,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11711279", "title": "Lissome lasses of Chennai go glam!", "text": "If you were under the impression that only the teenyboppers of Chennai had a pulse on the fashion scene, you'd be pleasantly surprised.The lissome lasses of this city, who seem to be undergoing a Benjamin Button-like phenomenon, recently came together to show us a thing or two about staying in vogue. The members of this elite ladies club in the city stood testament to the fact that you're as young you think. And their get-together was a sight for sore eyes as they strutted their stuff in style. Turning the focus away from bling, these ladies showed that keeping things simple can work wonders too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11708441", "title": "Woman caught with heroin gets 6-year jail", "text": "CHENNAI: A Ugandan woman was sentenced to six years' rigorous imprisonment and fined Rs 2 lakh for attempting to smuggle heroin to China in May 2008.On May 27, 2008, the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence ( DRI), Chennai, received a tip-off that Rehema Muyanja Namuyanja, a Ugandan national, would be travelling to China via Colombo carrying a narcotic substance. On examination, she was found to have hidden heroin in her rectum. A total of 472.6g of heroin was seized from her possession.She was charged with entering into a criminal conspiracy with David alias Dr Anthony and his wife - who are also accused in the case but are currently absconding - to procure, possess, conceal and transport the narcotic substance.Passing orders, the special NDPS court judge M Mony said considering the severity and nature of offence and prevailing circumstances, the court was of the view that Rehema should be convicted of the offences and sentenced to undergo six years' rigorous imprisonment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11706460", "title": "2G case: Anil wasn\u2019t director of Swan, says ADAG VP", "text": "NEW DELHI: A senior executive of Reliance Infrastructure on Wednesday told a special CBI court that chairman of Reliance ADA Group Anil Ambani was not the director of Swan Telecom Pvt Ltd and Tiger Traders Pvt Ltd, the two alleged associate firms of the group.Deposing as a prosecution witness, Reliance Infrastructure Ltd's senior executive vice-president Ashish Tambawala said, \"Reliance ADA Group refers to companies which are under the chairmanship of Anil Ambani. The directors of the company select one of them as chairman. Anil Ambani was not director of Swan Capital Pvt Ltd/Swan Telecom Pvt Ltd and Tiger Traders Pvt Ltd.\"He said Reliance ADA Group was an umbrella of several companies belonging to it and he, during his tenure with the group, was the authorised signatory of 150 to 200 firms. \"I have been authorised signatory of 150 to 200 companies during my tenure with Reliance ADA Group. Reliance ADA Group is an umbrella of several companies belonging to the group. Each company of the group has its own separate identity. Reliance ADA Group is generic name without any legal identity,\" he said.The CBI, in its chargesheet in the 2G case, had alleged that Tiger Traders Pvt Ltd and Swan Telecom Pvt Ltd were associate companies of Reliance ADA Group.Testifying as a witness, Tambawala said one could be made authorised signatory of a company even if he was neither its shareholder nor a director or an employee. \"I have been authorised signatory of many companies of which Anil Ambani has not been chairman during my tenure with the Reliance ADA Group. I have been authorised signatory of companies in which individuals were shareholders and not necessarily that shareholders were Reliance companies,\" he said.Tambawala said it was usual for companies, doing business with each other, to keep transferring their funds from one company to another. He said the Reliance ADA Group operated in different sectors including power, media, telecom and infrastructure.He deposed that when his statement was recorded by CBI, Reliance Infrastructure Ltd's additional vice-president (account and finance) Bharat Amberkar too was present there.During his deposition, when he was shown letter regarding amendment of authorised signatories of Swan Consultants (P) Ltd, which later changed its name to Swan Telecom Pvt Ltd, Tambawala said he did not know who prepared this document. \"I do not know who prepared this document, when and where. I also do not know who signed it and who gave it to the bank. I also do not know as to why this amendment was required,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11708088", "title": "A first for Dhruv and Rahul", "text": "LUDHIANA: Following the right approach of a step by step path to success, Dhruv Mendiratta and Rahul Dhir, hotel management students of Punjab College of Technical Education, climbed the ladder they had been on.On Monday, the entrepreneur duo had the first big day of their professional careers, with their first wedding assignment with over 1,000 guests to cater at Ludhiana Gardens on Ferozepur Road. They had started their event management venture in October 2011 under the name 'M&D;'.The duo had managed kitty parties, birthdays and engagement parties till now, but the wedding was their first big assignment.Elated with the successful execution, Dhruv and Rahul thanked god as everything went according to plan. Apart from catering new dishes, they gifted a cake to the newlywed couple to thank them for believing in their abilities.Resident of New Tagore Nagar, Dhruv said after scanning the venue, they worked day and night to create the right kind of ambience. \"We included new dishes and a variety of salad, as Ludhianvis are fond of salads.Upkar Nagar resident Rahul said they convinced the couple successfully and promised good work. \"We ensured them that everything will be perfect and the best part is we lived up to their expectations,\" said Rahul. \"We learned a lot from this big assignment and will further improve ourselves by taking up bigger events,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11708458", "title": "Drunk driver booked under stringent IPC section for killing man", "text": "CHENNAI: In a rare instance, a 46-year-old man involved in an accident that killed one person on Kamarajar Salai last week has been booked under Section 304 (2) of the Indian Penal Code (culpable homicide not amounting to murder). He was drunk at the time and drove his car into two bikes and an autorickshaw.In a recent order, the Supreme Court had directed police to use Section 304 (2), which can lead to imprisonment of up to 10 years, against drunk drivers causing fatal accidents. Additional commissioner of police Sanjay Arora said it was extremely rare for drunk drivers to be booked under this Section. \"I don't remember when it was last used,\" he said.On January 26, Ramesh, a businessman from Palavakkam, was going in his car on Kamarajar Salai. Near Vivekananda House, he drove on the wrong side and hit two motorbikes as well as an autorickshaw. One of the men on the bikes, Tameem Ansari (21), died of his injuries the next day.Doctors confirmed, after an examination, that Ramesh was drunk at the time of the accident. \"Ramesh knew drunken driving could endanger lives though he had no motive to kill. This is a warning for all those who drink and drive,\" said S Elango, assistant commissioner of police, traffic investigation, Chennai East.Ramesh was arrested on Monday. \"The accused should deposit a sizeable amount in the court for the victims. Only then can the accused be given bail and that too after a delay,\" said advocate V S Suresh, who specializes in motor vehicle claims cases at the Madras high court.In 2009, Justice N Kirubakaran, taking suo motu notice of a TOI report on May 30 that year, directed police and transport authorities to invoke penal provisions of Section 185 of the Motor Vehicles Act and meticulously implement the law in the interests of society.The judge also issued notices to the chief secretary, transport secretary, director-general of police and Chennai police commissioner. In cases of drunk driving, Section 185 of the MV Act envisages a six-month prison term and/or a fine of up to Rs2,000 for first-time offenders. For the second or subsequent offence, committed within three years of the first offence, the imprisonment may extend to two years with or without a fine up to Rs 3,000. \"But I am not sure, if any step has been taken on these recommendation,\" said Suresh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11706851", "title": "Man hangs himself in girlfriend's house", "text": "BANGALORE: A 28-year-old man allegedly hanged himself using his girlfriend's dupatta in her paying guest accommodation in Malleswaram. Accountant B Vignesh Bhandari from Chikmagalur worked with Air India's Singapore Air Terminal Service (SATS) with its office at Bangalore International Airport (BIA).Vignesh's family alleged that he was depressed after Padmini (name changed), with whom reportedly fallen in love, turned down his marriage proposal. His body was recovered from a locked room inside Sridevi PG for women on 7th Cross, Malleswaram.\"It's also said that Vignesh lent Rs 7 lakh to Padmini to run the PG but she hadn't returned the money. Vignesh wanted to marry her but Padmini's father firmly rejected the proposal,\" police said. On Sunday and Monday, Vignesh sent several SMSes to Padmini expressing his love, said police. They seized the cellphones of both persons and shifted his body to Victoria Hospital for the autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11707064", "title": "Chain-snatcher thwarted by Borivli duo", "text": "Mumbai: A chain-snatcher was caught red-handed at Borivali (E) after a mother-daughter duo that he had targeted put up a tough fight.The incident took place outside Lata Society where graphic designer Vaishali Rajput (41) stays with her parents.Vaishali had stepped out of the building with her mother, Padma (70), on Sunday when they were accosted by Mukesh Thorat (22).The duo resisted the chain-snatcher and got him arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11708120", "title": "Soon, relief from email scams", "text": "WASHINGTON: World's leading email providers including Google, Yahoo, AOL, Facebook and Microsoft have announced to join hands to collectively fight the increasing menace of email and phishing attacks.Following 18 months of collaborative work, 15 email providers on Monday announced formation of DMARC.org (Domain-based Message Authentication, Reporting and Conformance) a technical working group to develop standards for reducing the threat of deceptive emails, such as spam and phishing.Among other things, it will outline an enhanced vision for email authentication that can scale up to today's internet needs.The group's work includes a draft specification that helps create a feedback loop between legitimate email senders and receivers to make impersonation more difficult for phishers trying to send fraudulent email.\"Email phishing defrauds millions of people and companies every year, resulting in a loss of consumer confidence in email and the internet as a whole,\" said Brett McDowell, chair of DMARC.org and Senior Manager of Customer Security Initiatives at PayPal. \"Industry cooperation - combined with technology and consumer education - is crucial to fight phishing,\" McDowell said.The DMARC specification addresses concerns that have traditionally hindered widespread deployment of an authenticated, trusted email ecosystem, the statement said.\"Today, email receivers lack a reliable way to know the extent to which an email sender uses standards like SPF and DKIM for authenticating their messages,\" it said adding that as a result, providers must rely on complex and imperfect measurements to separate legitimate unauthenticated messages sent by the domain owner from fraudulent phishing messages sent by a scammer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11706783", "title": "Rahul Sharma debunks govt theory in reply before CAT", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Senior cop Rahul Sharma has denied charges leveled against him by the state government that he willfully made the CDs of call records of riots time disappear and illegally carried evidence with him.In an affidavit filed before the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) on Tuesday, IPS officer Sharma stated that the state government was not justified in its efforts to de-link his deposition before the Nanavati-Shah Commission and the inquiry ordered against him.Last month, the state government told CAT in its affidavit that the departmental inquiry against Sharma has been sought to be conducted on \"wholly and exclusively on a very different ground\", and it has nothing to do with his deposition before the commission. Hence, Sharma does not get protection of Section 6 of the Commission of Inquiry Act that any information disclosed before the probe panel cannot be used against him.Terming that state government's statements were full of falsehoods and contradictions, the deputy inspector general reiterated that he enjoys the immunity granted for his deposition before the commission. He quoted the government's affidavit that said that it was blissfully ignorant of existence of CD till Sharma's deposition in 2004.Sharma claimed that this was nothing but an admission on part of the government that it was acting against him on information revealed during his deposition before the commission. Moreover, he also rebutted that former government pleader Sunit Shah was present during the deposition, but he chose not to cross-examine him on aspect of existence of CD containing call records.With this arguments, Sharma told CAT that the government's claims that there is no nexus between information revealed before the commission and chargesheet issued to him - is just an attempt to mislead the tribunal.Further hearing is kept on February 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11706316", "title": "Antony blames Army for Gen Singh\u2019s DoB row", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court will be the final arbiter in the bitter confrontation over the Army chief's actual date of birth (DoB), but the government as well as Gen Singh agree on one thing: the mess originated from within the Army.Defence minister A K Antony on Tuesday morning squarely blamed the Army for the raging age row. Just some hours later, despite having locked horns with the government and dragging it to court, Gen Singh said he fully agreed with the minister.Antony said the age row had erupted because the Army itself had kept two sets of DoB of Gen Singh for 36 years, with the adjutant general branch recording it as `May 10, 1951' and the military secretary branch holding it to be `May 10, 1950'.\"For 36 years, two branches of the same institution maintained different DoBs and that is why this controversy erupted...I don't agree that this is a civil-military controversy,\" said Antony.The minister said, initially the government had no role to play in the matter as this discrepancy was first noticed in 2006 by the Army HQ and reconciled at that level then as also later by two chiefs (Gens J J Singh and Deepak Kapoor). We had accepted their recommendations and had no role to play in it, he added.Asked if the `original sin' was committed within his force, Gen Singh said Antony was \"right\" in noting the Army was responsible for the controversy over his age issue. \"Absolutely, it was within the Army,\" said Gen Singh, who claims he was coerced into accepting 1950 as his year of birth by previous chiefs.This, however, does not detract from the fact that Gen Singh petitioned the Supreme Court, which will hear the matter on February 3, to get his DoB corrected with \"all consequential benefits\" after the defence ministry rejected his move to get records corrected to show 1951 as his year of birth.The Army's adjutant general (AG) branch also seems to be dragging its feet in reconciling its records, as directed by the defence ministry, to show General Singh's DoB as `May 10, 1950'.Asked about this, Gen Singh said everything does not happen \"with the press of a button\". Steps have been taken to ensure a controversy like this never recurs in future. \"Problems should have been sorted out. There was a problem of coordination between the two branches,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11708235", "title": "Fake mineral water bottling units raided, seven arrested", "text": "GURGAON: The crime branch of Gurgaon police has busted a gang which used to supply fake mineral water bottles that were being sold under Pepsico India Ltd's brand name, Aquafina. Police have arrested seven persons in this connection and four vehicles loaded with fake bottled water, wrappers and duplicate bottles have been seized.An FIR has been lodged under Sections 420/467/468 of the IPC and the Copyright Act at the Badshapur police station. According to police, officials from Pepsico India Ltd met police officers and gave a complaint against some people who were running a plant of fake bottled water and selling them under their company's name. A crime branch team of Sector 46 police then conducted raids at Samaspur, Vajirabad and Islampur village, where the accused were filling borewell water into the fake bottles and supplying them throughout the city.A senior police officer said that when the police team raided the three plants of the fake bottling unit, the main accused and owner of the plants fled from the spot. Police, however, managed to arrest seven people who were working with them. The accused have been identified as Gajendra and Arvind, residents of Islampur village, Rajan and Vishwnath, residents of Vajirabad village, Sonu, a resident of Samaspur village, Virendra and Babloo, residents of Sector 18 in Gurgaon.Police have also recovered four tempos loaded with fake 20-litre bottles, thousands of fake wrappers and duplicate bottles. \"We hope to arrest the main accused as soon as possible,\" said Maheshwar Dyal, DCP (crime).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11707906", "title": "32 nominations filed on third day", "text": "KANPUR: As many as 32 candidates filed nomination papers on the third day of nominations on Tuesday.Six candidates appeared before the returning officer for Govind Nagar assembly seat. Sachin Tripahthi of BSP and Ashok Anshwani of SP were prominent. Other candidates were Betalal Diwakar of Bhartiya Sarvodaya Party, Akhilesh Kumar of Republican party, Rohit Sharma from Loktantrik Samajwadi Party and Ram Pratap Singh, an Independent.Five nominations were filed for Maharajpur seat on Tuesday. Aruna Tomar of SP filed one set of nomination paper. Others were Ajay Kunwar Dharmraj of Congress, Akhilesh Singh Independent, Manmohan Singh of Janata Dal (Secular) and Pratap Singh.Maharajpur has recorded 12 nominations, the highest so far.Four nominations were filed for Arya Nagar constituency. Sarfuddin an Independent, Gopal Krishna Agarwal of Janata Dal (United), Kailash Sharma of BSP and Jitendra Bahadur Singh of Samajwadi Party were in the fray.Four aspirants filed nominations for Cantonment seat. Suhail Akhtar Ansari of BSP, Aqueel Ahmad Khan, an Independent, Sartaj Ahmad from Rashtriya Ulema Council and Mohammad Ilyas of Welfare Party of India submitted their papersFor Bithoor seat, Independent candidates Upendra Kumar Dwivedi, Virendra Vishwakarma and Ajay Pal filed their papers. Surendra Kumar of Jan Shakti Party (Rashtrawadi) also submitted his papers.Three candidates named as Mohammad Waseeq of BSP, Fakhrul Islam of Rashtriya Ulema Council and Shakeel Ahmad of Social Democratic Party of India had filed papers for Sisamau seat. Bilhour recorded two nominations filed by Ram Lakhan Gautam of Congress and Anil Kumar an Independent.For Ghatampur seat, Gyan Prakash Kori of Janata Dal (U) filed his nominations.The returning officer of Kidwai Nagar constituency sat idle as none turned up to file candidature.Till the end of the third day as many as 60 aspirants had filed their nominations for the 16th Assembly elections.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "lalpur (hardoi)", "code": "11708215", "title": "UP polls: NREGS worker takes on a raja in Hardoi", "text": "LALPUR (HARDOI): The Old Testament meets meets Ram Charit Manas in Sandila, Hardoi. Much like the story of David pitted against Goliath, a poor dalit MNREGS worker and a woman to boot, Ramdai, is fighting against the raja of Bharawan, Kunwar Mahavir Singh, from Sandila. The raja has twice been MLA on a BJP ticket: in 1991 and 1993. This time he is eyeing a comeback on Samajwadi Party ticket.Ramdai, a mother of six, is the unanimous choice of the village and she has the backing of three players: Lok Rajnitik Manch, Socialist Party and Asha Parivar. The villagers have donated generously for Ramdai's security deposit.Magsaysay winner Sandeep Pandey, who is man behind the Asha Pariwar, is her guiding force.Sandila has droves of Jatav and Pasi votes and has been dominated by BSP for the past three elections. BSP's Abdul Mannan has won Sandila thrice since 1996. BJP has fielded noted poet Vedvrat Bajpai.Nobody is giving a ghost of a chance to the 45-year-old Ramdai. However, her challenge to the local Raja has tremendous symbolic value and has attracted media attention. So, what motivated Ramdai to contest elections?\"All these years, we trusted candidates of different castes and communities representing different parties. None has changed our fate. I thought I must help myself and all those who suffer the same fate,\" said Ramdai. \"People suffer when corruption eats into schemes meant for them.\"Ramdai is a cook at Asha Ashram that runs a langar (free lunch) for 70-odd dalit children of Lalpur and neighbouring villages. She also has a NREGA card which gives her additional income. The villagers are backing her to the hilt.\"It's think time we sent a candidate who truly represents us. She is the most revered woman in our village,\" said Avadhesh Kumar, who is distributing handbills in support of Ramdai. Of course, there are sceptics. \"She is simply wasting her time and money. The candidates she is contesting against are too big,\" says Suresh Kumar.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11705433", "title": "First consignment of grapes leaves for UK", "text": "PUNE: This season's grape export has begun with the first consignment being sent to the UK market. So far, seven containers have left for the UK and some more are being prepared for dispatch to the Netherlands, said Pandurang Watharkar, director, processing and planning, department of agriculture.He said, \"Seven containers, each containing 14 tonnes of grapes have been shipped to the UK, and are expected to reach there by next week. Another major market for Indian grapes is the Netherlands, from where most of the prominent cities in Europe are covered.\"This year 17,800 farms have registered themselves for exports. Though every farm would produce an average of 24 tonnes of grapes, of them about 15 tonnes would be of export quality. The rest would be either sold in the domestic markets or exported to Gulf countries, where import norms are not as strict as the European Union (EU).Two years ago, Indian grapes were rejected on the grounds of excess residue of a growth hormone, which was banned by the EU. Farmers had incurred heavy losses and it got reflected in 2011, when grape export from the country fell by 50%.In the year 2009-10 about 47,106 tonne grapes were exported to EU countries and an equal quantity was sent to Gulf countries as well. In 2010-11 the country exported 22,376 ton grapes to EU countries. The state government had received 15,757 registrations from farmers for export of grapes, but actual export took place from 3,173 farms mainly due to high domestic prices.Usually, Maharashtra accounts for 95% of the country's grape exports. About 60,000 hectare area is under grape cultivation in the state. Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka also export grapes, but compared to Maharashtra their contribution is small, said Watharkar.Nashik-based Rajaram Sangle, managing director of Sangle Agro Processing Pvt Ltd, said, \"Farmers are well-trained about prescribed usage of fertilisers, pesticides and other chemicals. Hence, we are confident that our grapes will fulfill the stringent quality norms of the EU.\"This year, no adverse climatic condition has developed so far. Farmers are expecting a good yield which will also help in increasing export, Sangle said. Farmers would get around Rs 50 per kilogram from exporting grapes, while the domestic rates are almost half of it, he added.2007 50,000 tonnes2008 40,800 tonnes2009 37,000 tonnes2010 47,106 tonnes*2011 22,376 tonnes*Most of the grapes were rejected at various EU ports and government's delay in response caused damage of the produce and heavy losses were incurred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11706755", "title": "Invisibility to be the motto", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Invisibility. That will be the key word for those implementing CCE in schools of Gujarat. The designers of CCE feel that a quality of imperceptibility in the process is essential for its success in upgrading students' academic progress.\"CCE is meant to be an invisible aid. Students will not be subjected to questioning sessions or even direct queries. Teachers are being trained in such a manner that they can gather all necessary information without scaring or irritating young minds,\" said a senior GCERT official.The teachers, said sources, shall ask casual questions and glean weak points and strengths of children. The children will not be intimated or pulled up about the revelations. Rather, weak students will be taught with alternative methods, said GCERT officials.\"Teachers are being trained on the evaluation process and different styles of teaching to suit weak students to ensure all-round development. GCERT has prepared a large team of master teachers. This team will train other teachers during the next summer vacations. The team will visit different districts of Gujarat to train teachers on the new evaluation techniques,\" said sources.The GCERT has prepared modules and methods for the teachers to follow while evaluating. The main focus is to get the children provide honest answers while the child is not even aware that his academic and personal essence is being mapped. The students will be put through 40 different types of activities - in the form of games and questions, puzzles, quizzes.Teachers are being advised to ask innocuous questions at different times of their academic year. For instance: \"What shall you do if you come across an aged person trying to cross the road?\" Replies provided by the children will help map their mental makeup.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11710869", "title": "Kangana Ranaut replaces Vidya Balan on Ekta Kapoor's list", "text": "Ekta Kapoor was considering her blue-eyed girl Vidya Balan for their next big project 'Shootout at Wadala'. But after much delay and deliberation she is finally replaced by Kangana Ranaut in the film.The underworld film to be directed by Sanjay Gupta has John Abraham , Anil Kapoor and Tusshar Kapoor in lead roles. \"For quite some time, Vidya Balan was being considered for the female lead, to be paired opposite John Abraham. John plays the character of the notorious gangster Manya Surve and Vidya was to play his girlfriend\", says a source closely associated with Balaji Films.However it seems like Ekta Kapoor herself was responsible for making Vidya so big with the success of The Dirty Picture that the actress wasn't sure whether she would want to do this role in the male-centric underworld drama. \"So she opted out of the project but on a very amicable note and there is absolutely no bad-blood\", adds the source. So the makers replaced Vidya by their other favourite - Kangana Ranaut who worked with Balaji in Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai .Apparently Kangana Ranaut's role is based on a real-life character and much against the glamourous roles we have seen her in the past, she has a performance-oriented part in this shootout saga. \"The fresh pairing of John and Kangana should add to the merit\", adds the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11705316", "title": "Cops recover part of 9L loot from Rajasthan farm", "text": "Mumbai: A household help, who had looted ornaments and foreign currency from his employer's residence at Kandivli (W), led the police to a farm in Rajasthan, where he had buried part of the booty. Officials recovered valuables worth Rs 5.78 lakh out of the Rs 9.4 lakh stolen.Dinesh Kalaswa alias Marwadi (35), now in police custody, was employed with Padmini Bhayani (71) for around three months. Bhayani resided on Mathuradas Road with her daughter, while her son is based in Dubai.Padmini along with her daughter left on a vacation in Dubai on December 21, 2011. The house was locked till their return on January 5. \"When Padmini returned, she called up Kalaswa, who had gone to Rajasthan, but he excused himself as a relative had \"passed away\". Whenever Padmini called up, Kalaswa would give excuses,\" a police official said.When Padmini found gold and silver ornaments and foreign currency missing she complained to the police on January 10. Last week, the police traced his cellphone to Mumbai and he admitted after questioning that he had buried the loot at a farm in Rajasthan. But the police recovered only part of the loot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "11708638", "title": "BJYM members attack Kottayam municipal office", "text": "Kottayam: Waste disposal issue is affecting public life in Kottayam. On Tuesday, Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM) led a protest march demanding a solution for the waste management issue. Party workers entered the municipal premises and disrupted the civic body's functioning.Employees of the municipality said that one person was injured in the commotion. Meanwhile BJYM state secretary N Hari denied that his party workers attacked anybody. \"We never resort to such methods,\" he said. He blamed the municipality for the current situation.Protesters who stormed the municipality's offices tried enter the office health standing committee chairman V K Anilkumar. Anilkumar was away and the door's glass pane was damaged. Meanwhile Anilkumar said that the municipality will seek legal recourse. Police have registered a case against the 30-odd men.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11710837", "title": "Taking charge for a better tomorrow", "text": "The city of Pune recently played host to about 8000-odd students at the second Indian Student Parliament. The three-day conference happened at the MIT School of Government, Pune. It constituted nine sessions and was witness to resolutions that were passed after every session.The conference saw a host of eminent personalities, whose speeches had the audience enthralled throughout. While the biggest draw was His Holiness Dalai Lama , the other speakers held their own, too. The Tibetan spiritual leader spoke on how the responsibility of building a peaceful world falls on the shoulders of the youth. Shashi Tharoor , MP, Lok Sabha, addressed the need to celebrate the diversity of our nation while Shailesh Rao, MD, Google India, simply yet effectively, conveyed a four-fold plan to success: Listen-Decide-Take Action-Improve. P Sainath drew light on the current state of rural India. Arnab Goswami waxed eloquent on responsible and credible journalism being the need of the hour. While noted environmentalist Rajendra Pachauri spoke about development being inconsequential if the environment is not taken into account. The other speakers included Nandita Das, Kapil Dev and Rajan M Welukar among many. Narayan Murthy, Sri Sri Ravi Shankar and Anu Aga were among the speakers that interacted with students via video conferencing.Every speaker had a unique point and successfully managed to captivate the crowds. However, the underlying message that resonated through every address was that the youth have a say and they have the power to make a difference. The time is now and with the aid of social media, there is no stopping them. The fact that the resolutions passed during the three-day conference were forwarded to the Government of Maharashtra and subsequently to the United Nations , reiterates the notion that the youth can make a change.The second Bharatiya Chhatra Sansad, as it was also referred to, had two cultural programmes in addition to the nine sessions. Film actor, Manoj Joshi and Rahul Deshpande, a renowned singer, kept the crowds entertained on the second and third day, respectively. Not only was the student parliament successful in satiating the intellectual capacity of the young minds, it also succeeded on the cultural front. Judging by the manner in which the students spoke on the dais and addressed questions to the various dignitaries, the country is certainly poised for change. Perhaps, it is time for a new wave of young leadership.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11706497", "title": "TB officer to help city fight disease", "text": "Mumbai: To fight the growing TB menace, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) will soon appoint a TB officer for the city, along with deputy officers for each of the wards. According to the BMC, one of the civic health officers will be appointed as the TB officer by the end of this week.\"We had asked deputy executive health officers to volunteer for the post. We will soon finalize a TB officer,\" said additional municipal commissioner (health), Manisha Mhaiskar.Apart from this, a total of 24 district TB officers will be chosen and sent to Bangalore for training to combat the disease. \"By Wednesday, these 24 officers will be finalized and the batch will be sent on a 12-day training programme to Bangalore,\" said Dr Anil Bandiva dekar, BMC's executive health officer.The Centre announced the setting up of a pilot programme for TB control in Mumbai two weeks ago. The announcement followed Hinduja Hospital's research work about 12 patients being diagnosed with 'totally drug resistant TB' (TDR-TB); the government consequently said there were no TDR-TB cases and that these cases were to be called extra extensively drug resistant TB (XXDR-TB) instead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11706626", "title": "Student dies after kabaddi game", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A class VI student of HB Kapadia School in Shahibaug died on January 27 because of reasons that are not yet known.According to the school authorities, the student, Manan Patel, had participated in a game of kabaddi during physical training period at 4 pm on January 27. After the game got over, the players were taking rest. At that time, Patel collapsed on the ground. The school authorities administered glucose and lemon water thinking it to be exhaustion after the game. When his condition did not improve, the school principal informed his parents after which he was rushed to a nearby private hospital.The doctors on duty decided to go for a body scan and Shailesh Patel, his father, informed the principal that they were taking Manan for CT scan. However, when the principal inquired about him the following day, he got to know that Manan was dead.When contacted, Muktak Kapadia, trustee of HB Kapadia School, said, \"We don't believe that the physical activity caused his death.\"S G Parmar, inspector of Madhavpura police station, told TOI that no complaint of accidental death has been registered with police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11708665", "title": "'People get the government they deserve'", "text": "In 1992, he echoed the frayed nerves of an India facing communal tension with 'Politicians don't know to Rock 'n' Roll'. In 2011, midst the heat of the India Against Corruption movement, he released a song in tribute.Now, with assembly elections next month, he's been chosen by the Election Commission of India as the 'Icon For Ethical Voting' in Goa. Luis Remo de Maria Bernardo Fernandes, aka India's pop icon, Remo Fernandes, tells Vijay de Souza people have to vote honestlyIn the run up to the March 3 assembly elections, you have put up some hoardings with a message. What is your message to the voters of Goa?Firstly, it is the election commission which has put up the billboards, not me. The message is clear: that we should exercise our right to vote, and vote wisely and ethically, for better governance.As India's top pop star, you have in the past, rightly, criticized politicians in your music albums for destroying Goa. What do you think of the forthcoming elections? Is there any hope that things will improve?This depends solely on the quality of candidates fielded, and the people's wisdom in voting. I truly believe in the old adage: 'People get the government they deserve.' This is never more apt than in a democracy, where we ourselves elect the people who rule our lives, our businesses, our finances and even our morals.Many citizens are fed up with the state of affairs in Goa. They say the choice of candidate is between the devil and the deep sea. That's why they feel it's better not to vote. What is your advice?In many ways, the people are right. But I think in every party there are individuals who are 'less bad' than others. And in many constituencies, there are individuals contesting who are actually good, upright, honest citizens who have nothing but the good of Goa and Goans in their minds and hearts. I think it is time for the people to rise above blind party affiliations and vote for these individuals.Do you hold the forthcoming assembly elections as significant from any angle or for any particular reason?I think the one thing which distinguishes this election is the great awareness about corruption which Anna Hazare's movement has awakened in the country.Until now, all governments swept the common corruption issue under the carpet, and contested on irrelevant, divisive issues such as religion, community, language, caste, and the like. I do hope the India Against Corruption movement makes us vote more wisely this time.You must be aware that even if some good and upright citizens contest elections, they don't get support from the voters. In such a scenario, what do you think should be done by the citizens?Corruption in India has gone full circle, and now the people are corrupt. Many prefer corrupt crooks in power, as they can then get their 'work' done through bribes-be it an illegal construction, an illegal electricity or water connection, an illegal exemption from putting up a pollution treatment plant in their factory. That is why I say that 'people get the government they deserve'. And I, in my limited way, am here to try and spread the message: Think honest, vote honest.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11706440", "title": "CBSE helpline to begin from today", "text": "NAGPUR: In an attempt to address the issues of exam-related anxieties among students and parents, the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) will start its pre-exam counselling helpline from February 1.The helpline will be implemented through various media such as telephonic counselling, question and answer columns in newspapers, interactive voice response system (IVRS) and online counselling. The CBSE hopes that the helpline will ease tension of students during the exam time. The counselling helpline will continue to operate till April 16.With the Centralized Access System students can call on the toll fee number 18001803456 from any part of the country.The counselling services will operate from 8am till midnight. Facilities have been arranged for differently-abled children to avail the benefits of the services.The counselling to the students will be provided by trained counsellors, principals of the affiliated schools and psychologists. Students can also use the following e-mail addresses and website for guidance and other queries: jsctet.cbse@gmail.com, mcsharma2007@rediffmail.com and www.cbse.nic.in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11706795", "title": "Don't ask why the birds are angry", "text": "BANGALORE: The birds are flying away from our city. Soon -- very soon -- if you hear a tweet or a chirp at a city lake, you'll be lucky. Over the past few years, there's been a frightening drop in the number of migratory birds coming into Bangalore.Some estimates are conservative. Says Gopi Sundar, regional director, International Crane Foundation: \"In European countries, where these migratory birds breed, the percentage drop is anywhere between 60% and 90%. This directly affects the number of migratory birds coming to South India, in particular, Bangalore. This year, the migratory bird count has gone down substantially.\"Says Ullas PA, birdwatcher: \"The migratory bird count has gone down by 80% -- this is just a partial reflection, as it includes only water-fowls, whose number can be monitored. The dip in number can be attributed to a mix of local and global reasons -- the changing designs of the lake, and at the global level, a change in environment taking a toll on flight movement.\"Other estimates are despairful: \"The number is only 2% of what it used to be years ago. Things have changed drastically,'' says M B Krishna, a bird expert who's done a doctorate on the topic. \"At one point, nearly 1 lakh birds were seen in a 40km range in Bangalore. When I say 2% come in now, you can imagine the drop,\" he says.\"The most important factor is urbanization. Bad town-planning is another. Knowing well that hundreds of birds come in, we should have planned our water bodies and green scape differently. The number of lakes within the city corporation's limits is 15; some have been encroached upon; one or two have been converted into bus bays. So, Bangalore has only 10-12 lakes. \"We get to see migratory birds in only three or four lakes in Bangalore,\" he says.Birder Zafar Futehally, now in his 90s, had in an interview to the media said: \"There are fewer birds today than there were some decades ago. The disappearance of sparrows is known but so have beautiful birds of prey.\" His suggestions: protect trees, revive lakes, create bird-friendly environments.What's the North Pole got to do with Jakkur, Hebbal and Madiwala lakes? Birds. Two absolutely different atmospheres, but it makes for a fantastic case study- birds flying 10,000 km from the remote Arctic to lakes struggling to breathe.Suhel Quader, evolutionary ecologist, explains the dynamics of migrating birds: \"There are about 300 species that migrate seasonally to the subcontinent. Other than the common ducks and cranes, you see diverse species like greenish warbler, greylag goose, osprey, common kestrel, cinereous vulture, red-throated flycatcher, bluethroat, white wagtail, brown shrike, etc.\"Where do they come from? Most migratory birds (ducks, sandpipers, cranes) move in from temperate areas in the Himalayas , Central and North Asia, and Europe, covering more than 3,000km. They usually spend the winter in the subcontinent. The pied cuckoo migrates to the subcontinent from Africa during the monsoon.How long is a bird journey? \"Depending on the species, it may take a few days to a few weeks to complete the journey. Many species (sandpipers and godwits) can undertake nonstop flights. Smaller birds (leaf warblers) make frequent stopovers to feed and replenish their energy. A lot of birds (ducks) migrate during nights to escape daytime predators,\" says Quader.Bird migration is seasonal, a once-a-year phenomenon. Many winter migrant species start arriving towards the end of the monsoon (August-September) and are quite settled in their wintering grounds by December-January. The return leg starts around springtime (March) and most leave for their northern breeding areas by the start of May.Researchers say the return journey during spring is faster by almost 20-60% than the autumn migration, possibly due to longer daylight hours or better nutrition along the way.Header: Protect these lakes, for god's sakeJakkur: This lake rests in the northeast, 15km from Bangalore's MG Rd. Over 200 years old, it has a village (Sampigehalli) towards its eastern part and a township (Jakkur) towards its west. It is still attracting birds and birdwatchers.Hebbal: It's located to the north at the mouth of NH 7, along the Bellary Road-Outer Ring Road junction. The habitat is favoured by many species of water birds, including spot-billed pelicans, Eurasian spoonbills, shovellers, pintails, garganeys, little grebes, coots and spot-billed ducks. The shallow zone supports sandpipers and other waders as well as purple moorhens, purple and grey herons.Madiwala: It's one of the biggest lakes, spread over 114.3 hectares in BTM Layout, in Bangalore. It sees a huge number of spot-billed pelicans in winter. These pelicans live in groups.Puttenahalli: Spread over 10 hectares near Yelahanka, 14km north of Bangalore, this lake was once a favourite birdwatch point. Biodiversity experts have discovered 49 species of birds breeding here like darters, painted storks, black-crowned night herons, purple herons, pond herons, egrets, Asian open-bill storks, Eurasian spoonbills, spot-billed pelicans, little grebes, little cormorants, spot-billed ducks, purple moorhens, common sandpipers and other water birds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11707820", "title": "SEC notice to Cong on BJD rap", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The State Election Commission (SEC) on Tuesday asked the Congress to explain its allegations against chief minister Naveen Patnaik and his 13 cabinet colleagues in its election manifesto for panchayat elections.The SEC, in its show cause letter to the PCC sought a reply within 24 hours on why the party's allegations would not be treated as violation of election code of conduct.The SEC action came after the ruling BJD strongly reacted over the allegations of the Congress against the CM and his cabinet colleagues. The ruling party challenged that the Congress was trying to defame the chief minister and his other cabinet colleagues by terming them as tainted. A three-member BJD team, comprising MPs Pinaki Mishra and Sasibhushan Behera and general secretary Narendra Kumar Swain met SEC Ajit Tripathy and brought the matter to his notice. Earlier, Swain had written a letter to the SEC alleging violation of poll code by Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11707649", "title": "New JEE proposes varied weightage to Class XII results", "text": "NEW DELHI: The new single Joint Entrance Examination (JEE) being proposed for admission to Indian Institutes Technology/National Institutes of Technology/Indian Institutes of Science Education and Research/Indian Institutes of Information Technology and state government-run engineering colleges would not have a uniform weightage to class XII results.Sources said while there would be a single-test, class XII weightage would have variations that would cater to needs of different engineering colleges and state governments. For instance, the source said, \"Weightage given to class XII result would be different for admission to IIT and different for other engineering colleges. Weightage would be even state-specific. There would be a band of weightage that institutes and state governments would be free to choose from.\"The source said variation has been devised to deal with concerns of the state governments many of whom felt that due to different system of evaluation in each state students from low-scoring states should not be discriminated. He gave the example of Tamil Nadu, where admission to state-government run engineering colleges is on the basis of class XII marks and not any entrance test. \"For states like Tamil Nadu, weightage for class XII has to be different from what it would be in Bihar or Uttar Pradesh,\" the source said.The T Ramasami committee, which is working on new single JEE, has not made public findings of analysis of past data of school boards that was done by Indian Statistical Institute (ISI) last year. ISI's report accessed by TOI shows that this report was not even made part of any presentation. The report, while analyzing data of CBSE, ICSE, Tamil Nadu board and West Bengal board, found that class XII scores from these boards are not comparable. It said, \"Since the subject scores do not appear to be comparable, the question of combining them for comparability of aggregate scores across the boards does not arise.\"Sources said that all attempt is being made to evolve consensus and a meeting of state education ministers has been called later this month. In case, state governments do not come on board, the ministry is planning to go ahead with a single entrance test for Central government-run engineering institutions from 2014.Dissent from even one state government would mean that single test for all engineering institutions, public and private, would come to a cropper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11707039", "title": "Ex-Basti SP submits written complaint", "text": "LUCKNOW: IPS officer Mohit Gupta, who was a party to the IAS-IPS spat in Basti on January 26, 2012 submitted a copy of his formal written complaint to the state police chief, the Election Commission and the Uttar Pradesh Indian Police Services Officers' Association (UPIPSOA) on Tuesday. In the complaint, he accused the former district magistrate (DM) of Siddharthnagar Chaitra V and former Basti divisional commissioner Anurag Srivastava of harassment, intimidation and use of unparliamentary language.The detailed complaint contains specifics of a series of instances that led to bad blood between the two top officers of the district administration in Siddharthnagar over a period of time. This was the first formal complaint lodged directly by Mohit Gupta with the authorities.Meanwhile, the two-member team probing into the unsavoury spat between the two officers in Basti recorded the statements of Anurag Srivstava and Mohit Gupta.Both the officers appeared separately before the probe committee comprising industrial development commissioner and senior IAS VN Garg and director general of the anti corruption department Arun Kumar Gupta, a senior IPS officer.tnnThe probe team flew down to Basti on Monday morning and started the probe with the recording of statements of the administrative officers present at the January 26 meeting called by Anurag Srivastava when the incident took place. The probe team returned to the state capital on Tuesday. The two member team is likely to submit its report with the state government by Wednesday evening.UPIPSOA general secretary Arun Kumar said that the association was expecting a written apology from the senior IAS. He said the meeting of the office bearers, which was scheduled to be held on Tuesday has been postponed till the probe report reaches the government. \"It has been decided that we will meet once the findings of the two member probe team are submitted to the government and proper action is initiated against the guilty,\" Arun Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11710539", "title": "South filmmakers vying to remake Agneepath", "text": "With the film raking in a whopping Rs 75 crore, KJo has since been flooded with enquiriesFor the past few years, Bollywood filmmakers have fought tooth and nail over the remake rights of hit south Indian ventures. The tables seem to have turned with Karan Malhotra's successful January release Agneepath. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that many filmmakers in the south are vying for the remake rights of the film, which garnered a record breaking collection of Rs 75 crore.According to a source from the south film fraternity, producer Karan Johar has received several enquiries from filmmakers, eager to avail of permission to remake the film. \"The Dharma Productions' office has been buzzing with activity, ever since Agneepath hit theatres. In fact, Karan has met with some of them, who flew down to Mumbai last weekend. However, he is yet to decide who he will ultimately relinquish the rights to,\" said the source.While KJo remained unavailable for comment, a very close friend of his confirmed the news and said, \"Yes, Karan has had many filmmakers from the south approach him to discuss acquiring permission to remake Agneepath.\" When asked if KJo is willing to part with the film's rights, his friend replied, \"Why not? Karan has absolutely no problem as long as his family's project is handled by capable filmmakers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai/new delhi", "code": "11706512", "title": "IM\u2019s hawala man nabbed in 13/7 blasts case", "text": "MUMBAI/NEW DELHI: After appearing to be working at cross purposes and sniping at each other, the Maharashtra ATS and Delhi Police's Special Cell collaborated to arrest a Delhi-based hawala operator, Kanwar Nain Pathrija, for arranging funds for the 13/7 plot against Mumbai.This is the first time that Indian Mujahideen's hawala operations have come to light in Maharashtra. Pathrija (42) is the third person to be arrested in the Mumbai serial blasts. Police said that Rs 10 lakh had come to Pathrija from Dubai which he later handed over to IM leader Yasin Bhatkal.Pathrija was picked up by Special Cell after ATS tipped them off from the Chandni Chowk locality in central Delhi.Pathrija was on Special Cell's radar since September after IB alerted them to a spike in his transactions, but Delhi cops did not arrest him because they did not have evidence yet to link him conclusively to the blast conspiracy. However, they extended \"full cooperation\" when approached by Maharashtra cops who obviously felt that they had enough evidence. Appreciating Delhi Police, ATS chief Rakesh Maria said the operation was done with the help of special cell. \"We are thankful for their assistance,\" he said.The partnership contrasts with the bitterness between the two counter-terror outfits over the arrest of Naquee in connection with the 13/7 blasts. The Special Cell was using Naquee as an informant, hoping that he would lead them to Yasin Bhatkal alias Shahrukh who has now emerged as the commander of Indian Mujahideen.Speaking to reporters on Tuesday, Union home minister P Chidambaram admitted that the exchange of information between the two forces could have been better. The home minister, however, supported the action of ATS in arresting Naquee, saying that somebody who was working as an informant for one police force could still be arrested by some other police force in some other case.This arrest of a hawala operator in a terror case is significant. The Mumbai crime branch had arrested Moolchand Choksi, a hawala operator, for the 1993 Mumbai serial blast cases that killed 227. Choksi was convicted in the blast cases that shook Mumbai. IB has been on the trail of those routing money to Indian Mujahideen operatives through the Oman-Dubai route. The key figure is said to be an alleged Lashkar operative Wali Azeez. Sources said Pathrija's arrest follows that of Samir Fagnest, a member of Hizbul Tehrir, from South Delhi.ATS chief Rakesh Maria said that Pathrija ran Jyoti Jewellers in Delhi's Chandni Chowk area. \"Pathrija had received Rs 10 lakh early in 2011. He had sent this money to Bhatkal which was later used for the Mumbai blasts,\" said Maria. Pathrija has been booked for aiding, abetting and facilitating the hawala transactions for the blasts. Police say it has cogent evidence against Pathrija. He may also be probed under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA).The ATS, say cops, had been working on the financial transactions in the 13/7 blasts case right from August last year. \"A special dedicated team was formed after Haroon Rasheed Naik was arrested on August 22, 2011 in a fake currency case. We suspected Naik's involvement in the blasts but did not declare since it could have alerted the other accused. He was responsible in assisting the hawala transactions from the UAE ,\" said an officer. The ATS produced a transfer warrant before the Arthur Road jail authorities seeking Naik's custody. He will be taken into custody in the blasts case on Wednesday.\"Pathrija is a known hawala operator in Delhi. Our investigation has pin pointed this person. He had channelized the hawala money to the IM operatives. The ATS has worked on the hawala angle thoroughly. We are still interrogating him about various things related to this case,\" Maria said.The ATS chief said he would not like to comment if Pathrija was aware about the use of the money sent to him through hawala. Talking about the more arrests, Maria said four to five more persons were involved in the money transaction and the ATS was looking for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11706643", "title": "Conspiracy behind ACB probe, says Dhariwal", "text": "JAIPUR: If the urban development and housing (UDH) minister Shanti Dhariwal is to be believed, some junior officers from his former department-home-and the department under chief minister Ashok Gehlot-Anti-Corruption Bureau-appear to have conspired to initiate a corruption probe against him.Denying the allegation that he allowed an illegal construction in return for a huge bribe, the minister has now written to the chief minister requesting him to uncover the conspiracy and take action against the guilty. The controversial permission blamed on the minister actually occurred during the previous BJP government's rule in 2007-08.The Bureau initiated preliminary investigations against Dhariwal and two senior government officers for allegedly accepting large sums of money as bribes for allowing illegal construction of a building on Tonk Road opposite the JMC headquarters. The basis of the probe was made on an anonymous letter wherein the complainants identified themselves as members of an \"Indians Against Corruption\" group.\"There is no such group registered and functioning in Rajasthan. Moreover, the letter is unsigned. Still a deputy secretary of the home department forwarded the letter to the ACB, which initiated action on it. This smacks of a serious conspiracy against me,\" Dhariwal told reporters on Tuesday.On being asked if he was pointing to a political conspiracy, Dhariwal replied, \"I have yet to find out.\"Director general (ACB) Ajit Singh later told TOI: \"The charges against the minister and others have been found frivolous. The complaint in the matter will be closed.\" The minister, nonetheless, asserted that the then deputy secretary (home) and the ACB official who started the probe were \"definitely guilty\".The 10-point letter was received by the chief minister's office (CMO) in September 2011 when Dhariwal was the home as well as the UDH minister. The same month, the CMO sent the letter to the home department where a section officer commented that point number-8 (the only point in the letter mentioning about Dhariwal, IAS officer GS Sandhu and RAS officer Lokesh Sonwal) could be sent to the Lokayukta or the ACB for investigation.\"A deputy secretary then, without consulting his superiors in the home department, forwarded the letter to the ACB for carrying out a probe,\" Dhariwal said.The UDH minister has also constituted a four-member team under additional chief secretary (UDH) PK Deb to find out if there was any violation of law in granting permission for construction of the building in question. \"The team has been asked to submit its report in three days,\" Dhariwal said.The alleged corruption in which Dhariwal has been dragged dates back to 2007 and 08 when the BJP was in power in the state and the JMC was headed by Ashok Parnami as the mayor. Parnami is currently the BJP legislator from Jaipur's Adarsh Nagar constituency.\"The map of the building in question was first approved by the then mayor Parnami on November 22, 2007. He then approved its amended map also on April 11, 2008 and finally issued the permission letter for construction on August 25, 2008,\" said Dhariwal.He added, \"All this happened during the BJP rule and we will now find out if any illegality has been committed in allowing the construction. Anyone found guilty will not be spared.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11705682", "title": "Court reserves order on suspect's bail plea", "text": "PUNE: Principal district and sessions judge Anant Badar on Tuesday reserved order till February 10 on the bail plea of one of the suspects, Mahesh Thakur, in the rape and murder case of software engineer Nayana Pujari.Thakur's lawyer Biju Aloor argued that his client was entitled for bail on the grounds that the trial was started, but was not concluded in six months. The delay was due to the fact that the main suspect, Yogesh Raut, had escaped from police custody in Sept, 2011.Aloor contended that the prosecution had not taken steps to obtain non-bailable warrant from the court to arrest Raut and declare him a proclaimed offender. tnnHe submitted that with Raut's escape there was a change in circumstances and that his client was within his legal rights to seek bail as the trial cannot be protracted if Raut is not arrested.Special public prosecutor Harshad Nimbalkar opposed Thakur's bail plea on the grounds that he was involved in a serious crime and there was sufficient evidence against him. Nimbalkar feared that Thakur may abscond or pressurise the prosecution witnesses if released on bail.Pujari was an employee of Synechron, a software company at Kharadi. She was found raped and murdered at the Zarewadi forest area in Rajgurunagar in Khed, about 50 km from here, on October 8, 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11707742", "title": "Call MC for stray cattle menace", "text": "To make complaints regarding stray cattle menace, residents can inform the municipal corporation by calling up on mobile no. 9872511284, following which animals can be impounded.Information regarding cattle roaming in parks and green spaces can also be given.On Tuesday, 45 stray cattle were impounded by the municipal corporation from various sectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "11707994", "title": "Family ties unravel in poll power play", "text": "Kendrapada: As the campaign for the rural poll speeds up, close-knit families are feeling the heat. Relatives are contesting each other in the gram panchayat elections, putting a question mark on family ties.Mother-in-law Tilotoma Sethi (55) has locked horns with her daughter-in-law Chinmayi Sethi (24) for the post of sarpanch in the Ayeba gram panchayat under Kendrapada block, reserved for scheduled caste women candidates.\"I told my daughter-in-law not to contest against her mother-in-law. But some local leaders lured her to contest in this rural poll. Since the day of nomination, my wife has not been on talking terms with my daughter-in-law,\" said Babana Sethi, father-in-law of Chinmayi Sethi.The daughter-in-law, however, is adamant to go ahead with her plans. \"I formed an SHG five years ago in the village and provided training to 175 women to learn golden grass crafts. Unlike me, my mother-in-law has no public contact. I and my husband urged my mother-in-law to withdraw her candidature but she refused. I will win this election,\" stressed Chinmayi Sethi.The Sethis are not the only ones sacrificing family ties on the altar of power. In Udayanathpur gram panchayat under Bari block in Jajpur district, one Kamadev Samal is contesting against his elder brother Upendra Samal for the post of sarpanch, while Bichitrananda Mahakuda is contesting against his wife Puspalata Mahakuda in the same gram panchayat for the post of sarpanch.In Dosia gram panchayat under Pattamundai block, Damayanti Mallick is contesting against her niece Mandakini Mallick for the post of sarapanch again.Mother-daughter relationship is not sacrosanct this polling season either. In Purosotampur gram panchayat under Kendrapada block, Banita Sahani is fighting against her daughter Jayashree Sahani for the post of sarpanch. \"Five years ago, villagers elected my mother as sarpanch. This time I told my mother not to contest the election but she did not pay any heed to my pleas,\" said Jayashree.\"The rural poll is casting a shadow on social relationships in many panchayats, with political inclinations taking priority,\" said Amar Biswal, president of Kendrapada Citizens Forum , summing up the mood of the season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11711436", "title": "Prateik wishes Amy Jackson happy birthday", "text": "Looks like Prateik isn't making any attempts to hide how close he is to Amy Jackson, his co-star in Gautham Menon's Ekk Deewana Tha.It was the Madrassapattinam girl's birthday yesterday and Prateik was one of the first few to wish her on her micro-blogging site. What's more, he even dedicated a birthday song to her. Prateik tweeted, \"Here's for you, my lovely lady from liverpool ..., especially from the Beatles !\" Hmmm, wonder what's brewing!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11707179", "title": "Will set up schools, hospitals in Maya parks: Mulayam", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav on Tuesday said that if his party was voted to power in Uttar Pradesh, he would set up schools and hospitals on lands where parks and memorials have been built by the Mayawati government.Taking to task Mayawati for squandering Rs 40,000 of public money on parks and memorials, Yadav said: \"Mayawati is the biggest land mafia the state has ever seen. She has forcibly acquired thousands of acres of land for building parks and memorials while the farmers, who protested the acquisition of their land, were subjected to lathicharge and firing by the police. This is something nobody could have imagined when the SP was in power in the state.\"\"Thousands of crores of public money has been squandered for getting statues of elephants erected in these parks. All this was done in the name of B R Ambedkar, which is the biggest insult to the late dalit leader. We will accord him due respect by naming schools and colleges after him which we intend to build on the lands which Mayawati had captured in places like Lucknow and Noida for building these parks and memorials,\" Yadav said addressing an election rally on the sprawling K P Grounds here.Stating that the BSP has ignored the interests of the farmers in the state who constituted about 72% of the population, Yadav said, \"The moment my government comes to power, I would waive off farmers' loan upto Rs 50,000. Small traders would also benefit under the scheme.\"The former chief minister also reiterated the promise of unemployment doles and financial assistance to girls who, after passing Class XII, opted for higher education and exhorted his supporters to \"come out in large numbers on the day of voting and help the SP to form its government with an absolute majority\".\"As soon as the SP comes to power, we will declare a number of backward castes like Bind, Nishad, Kahar and Kol as Scheduled Castes so that they enjoy the facilities reserved for the category and get a better chance to improve their lot,\" the SP supremo announced to a round of loud applause.Speaking about the \"plight\" of Muslims, Yadav observed that \"the Sachar Commission has rightly said that the condition of Muslims is even worse than that of Dalits\". \"In the state capital Lucknow, there are Muslims who live in tiny hutments. Though lakhs of Muslim craftsmen are employed in building our houses, they themselves are forced to live in inhuman condition.\"He also spoke about those in the state who cannot afford high medical expenses on heart, kidney or liver ailments and said: \"Sometimes the expenditure is as high as Rs 2 to 3 lakh, which the general public can't afford. We have decided to provide free medical facilities to such people.\"However, main attraction of the rally was the speech of SP general secretary Azam Khan who set an instant chord with the people when he said: \"Allahabad Ganga-Jamuni tehzeeb ka shahar hai, jahan mohabbat behti hai. Yahan ki nadiyon kee dharaon mein pyar behta hai (Allahabad is the land of Ganga-Jamuni tehzib, where the river of love flows. The current of the rivers carry the love and affection of the people).\"He pointed out that the large gathering was a proof of the fact that people now want a change from the corrupt Mayawati government. \"The people have become fed up of the government as every section of the society, including students, women, the poor and small traders have been exploited during the present regime.\"Khan said that about 400 sugar mills would have been constructed in UP had the money spent on parks and memorials was utilized for this purpose. \"It's an irony that this government is building elephants in stone instead of spending public money for the betterment of the poor,\" he added.Taking a swipe at AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi for terming the people of state as \"beggars going to other states like Maharashtra, Punjab and Haryana to earn their livelihood,\", Khan said \"it is a result of the successive Congress governments ruling the state -- right from 1947 to 1989.\"Khan launched a scathing attack on the Congress and described it as \"a party that has always cheated Muslims\" and blamed it squarely for the plight of the community \"which is today worse off than the dalits, a fact acknowledged by the reports of the Sachar Committee and the Rangnath Mishra Commission\" .Khan also raised a question mark on the secular credentials of the Congress when he claimed that \"the party was responsible for the partition of the country and demolition of the Babri Masjid\". The Congress was instrumental in opening the locks of Babri Masjid as well as the foundation laying ceremony of the Ram Janmabhoomi,\" he claimed.\"The Congress-led UPA government's gimmick of providing 4.5% reservation to the minorities is yet another fraud against Muslims. First they tried to create division within the community by talking of reservations only for the so-called backward Muslims, now they are claiming to be champions of Muslims while cleverly hiding the fact that claimants to the meager sub-quota include Sikhs, Jains, Buddhists and Christians as well,\" Khan said.Khan also flayed the Mayawati government in the state for failing to check atrocities against the Muslims in the state and recalled the Lakhimpur Kheri rape case in which \"one of our daughters was sexually assaulted, murdered and her body hung from a tree outside a police station.\"Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11706350", "title": "North cold waves causing dip in Colaba temperature", "text": "Mumbai: Colaba on Monday recorded a minimum temperature lower than Santa Cruz.Weather experts have an explanation for the dip in Colaba. \"The northern plains are getting cold waves. Mumbai region is getting north to north-westerly winds, which have been bringing the cold southwards. This is why the temperatures in Colaba too have gone down too.\"Even the day-time temperatures remained cool with Colaba recording 27.6 degree Celsius and Santa Cruz a little higher 28.6 degree Celsius on Monday.Commenting on the lowest minimum temperature records, Rajeev said: \"Though all records are available with the IMD, it is Santa Cruz's readings that are representative of Mumbai,\" he said. Santa Cruz generally records more extreme weather conditions than Colaba. It is Santa Cruz records that are taken into consideration for the highest maximum and lowest minimum of each month every year.For the next two days however, the city can expect similar weather. \"The maximum and minimum temperatures can be expected to be around 29 and 13 degree Celsius respectively till Wednesday,\" the regional IMD website said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11707599", "title": "Don't interfere in quail farming: HC tells forest ministry", "text": "MADURAI: While the Union ministry of environment and forest's notification prohibiting the bull as a performing animal is still before the Madurai bench of the Madras high court, yet another order of the ministry restricting Japanese quail farming has come under fire. The ministry's order was challenged by an NGO, based in Kanyakumari district.Delivering an order after hearing the petition filed by Rural Employment and Educational Trust, Justice V Dhanapalan granted an order of injunction restraining the environment ministry from interfering with the business of the petitioner to continue with the business of Japanese quail farming.After raising loans, the NGO had developed integrated Japanese quail farming at Cheruvalloor in Kanyakumari district with the help of the Union agriculture ministry. In its petition, it said that the Japanese quail germplasm supplied to the farm by the Central Avian Research Institute (CARI) for commercial production of broiler quail was highly disease resistant and sans any routine immunization and vaccination programme, as other poultry species. Japanese quail farming had attracted the attention of small and marginal farmers in rural India because it offered convenience of management for its small size, less feed, minimum space, short duration and affordable investment. It also did not require the services of veterinary doctors for monitoring the farm. Thousands of farmers were now engaged in this farming and many of them as backyard poultry that could earn them for their livelihood.It added that Japanese quail farming was promoted by the agriculture ministry and the government of India through its nodal agencies - NABARD, ICAR and other organisations to boost the rural economy. The petitioner said that all of a sudden, the environment ministry had issued the impugned communication dated September 22, 2010 stating that the states/Union territories should not issue any new licence for farming of Japanese quails and also deny permission for expansion or augumentation of existing farming facilities. In the order, the environment ministry mentioned that the Japanese quail is listed in schedule IV of the Wildlife (Protection) Act 1972 and as per provision of the act, such animals/ birds cannot be killed or captured.When the matter came up for hearing before Justice V Dhanapalan, the petitioner's counsel G R Swaminathan submitted that it was ironic that when the departments of Animal Husbandry, Central Poultry Development Organisation and Indian council of Agriculture(ICAR) functioning under the Ministry of Agriculture were promoting Japanese quail farming to boost the rural economy, the ministry of Environment and Forest had imposed a ban on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "11709678", "title": "Mobile tower creates furore in Poriem", "text": "Keri: Around 150 locals assembled at the Poriem gram sabha on Sunday and took sarpanch Akshay Shetye and other panch members to task over the newly-constructed mobile tower near the Mahadev temple at Poriem.Pradip J Rane from Poriem said, \"The tower does not have an NOC from the health, town and country planning and other departments. We want the panchayat to ensure the tower is removed or we will be forced to move the court.\"Another local, Santosh Chari, said, \"The tower has been erected in the flood plain of the Valvonti river and people live close to it. It is dangerous to their lives.\"Shetye was put on the mat when locals quizzed him over why necessary steps were not taken to dismantle the tower despite an assurance from him at the last gram sabha.Shetye managed to control the locals' fury only after he said that the Indus Tower Company's NOC would be revoked and necessary action would be taken at the earliest to dismantle the tower.At the meeting, it was also resolved to construct a new building for the Poriem village panchayat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11707717", "title": "This theatre fest is self-sufficient", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was in 2009 that three theatre lovers started a theatre festival, Katha-Manchan, by raising money from scrap paper. It is the only festival in the city for which no financial assistance is sought by any government or non-government organization. Instead, it is the money raised from \" raddi\" donated by city residents through out the year that makes the festival possible.The trio of Vijay Machal, Ravinder Kumar (Ravi) and Munna Dhiman, who run the city-based theatre group, Mask Theatre that initiated the festival feel that by contributing in this way people directly become a part of the festival and relate to it. Even the tag line of the festival reads, \"Katha Manchan, an annual theatre festival fully organized with the help of artists and art lovers.\" The festival is staged with the aim of getting all city-based theatre groups together on one platform and to promote theatre.\"It is a unique festival as it does not belong to any particular theatre group, rather it involves all Tricity-based theatre groups, artists and art aficionados. Despite our inability to pay the directors adequately, they readily agree to stage their plays. Also this year we are going to announce that Katha Manchan is not Mask Theatre's property, anyone willing can come forward and host it but they will have to follow the same rules,\" said Vijay.Another way adopted for raising money for the fest is by giving the audience envelopes right at the start of the play. All they need to do is put in their contribution and drop it in the box kept at the exit.This year another system of \"gullak\" (piggy bank) has been introduced by the group for people who wish to contribute to the festival.\"This time, we will give 'gullaks' to the audience so that they themselves sell the 'raddi' and put the money in it for the fest next year. This ways it will save us man power and petrol and would also help people keep a track about how much have they contributed,\" said Munna.Other salient features of the festival -- where stories by famous writers like Munshi Premchand and Anton Chekhov are dramatized -- that differentiates it from others are plays starting punctually, no chief guests and no reservation of seats for VIPs, told Ravi. This year the three festival will kick off on February 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11706595", "title": "NID, UK varsity discuss design education, future", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The faculties of National Institute of Design (NID) and delegates from University for the Creative Arts of UK discussed the future course and issues related to design education at NID's Paldi campus on Monday. The collaborative seminar called, 'Design Futures, What next for Global Design Education' underlined various issues related to research, lack of audit of design institutes and so on.Talking at the seminar, NID director Pradyumna Vyas said that there is a necessity for the presence of a 'design education audit' system which will help the institutes as well as guide students before they join an institute. Vyas said, \"This will help the students know about the design institutes before they join. It is important to guide the young generation about where they are heading to.\"Vyas addd that, at the moment, due to the lack of such a system, NID is afraid to affiliate with or associate with any of the design institutes in the country to support them. He said that while NID intends to support the institute, the initiative might end up with the institutes using the affiliation as a means to market themselves to students.The seminar also highlighted that there is a lack of research in the area of design in India. A faculty of NID said that out of the few researches by designers, most of them are not directly related to design process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11709615", "title": "Gadkari to visit Goa on Feb 3, to announce MGP alliance", "text": "PANAJI: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) national president Nitin Gadkari is likely to visit the state on February 3. While in Goa, he is likely to announce the BJP- Maharastrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP) alliance for the March 3 polls.A senior BJP leader said that the discussion on the alliance is in the last lap and \"Gadkari along with MGP leaders will announce the alliance\". The two parties' leaders have agreed on seven seats for MGP, while the BJP is likely to contest on 33 seats.While the MGP is likely to contest the Quepem, Priol, Tivim, Ponda, Marcaim and Savordem seats, there may be change in one or two seats, said sources. Meanwhile, disturbed over the progress on the BJP-MGP alliance, the Congress has started putting pressure on the MGP not to have alliance with the BJP.An MGP leader said that Goa desk in-charge J S Brar and All India Congress Committee secretary Sudhakar Reddy had called Transport minister Rankrishna 'Sudin' Dhavlikar and asked him not to have an alliance with BJP.When TOI contacted Dhavlikar, he said that \"Nobody in this world can pressurize Sudin Dhavlikar\".It may be recalled that the Congress high command had called speaker Pratapsingh Rane to Delhi. Sources said that the Congress high command wants Rane to convince the Dhavlikar brothers on the alliance issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11706912", "title": "Radia tapes were doctored, govt tells SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Tuesday told the Supreme Court that recordings of conversations of former corporate lobbyist Niira Radia that were intercepted by intelligence agencies got leaked to private players who doctored the tapes before releasing them to select media houses.According to a PTI report, the government told the court that officers who were involved in the tapping did not know who had leaked the Radia tapes, but claimed that its own agencies which were listening in on her conversations were not guilty.The significant admission before an SC bench led by Justice G S Singhvi came in response to a petition filed by industrialist Ratan Tata and can deepen concerns about the intrusion into citizen's privacy by intelligence agencies, as well as how to protect the information which may have been secured by perfectly legal means.\"It is quite possible that someone else has done it,\" the bench said, according to the agency report.The release of recorded conversations of Radia, a resourceful lobbyist who enjoyed access to corporate magnates, political leaders and celebrity journalists, coincided with the growing awareness of the sordid details of the 2G scam. The conversations triggered a discussion about the role of lobbyists and whether there should be boundaries for journalists and their sources, while stoking the fear that economic reforms had degenerated into crony capitalism.Tata had moved court saying that the leak of tapes of Radia's intercepted conversations represented an infringement of his right to privacy covered under his right to life.The leading industrialist had also argued for a ban on the circulation of the tapes' contents. He said since the agencies had secured authorization to place tabs on Radia to ascertain whether she was engaged in tax evasion, the use of the intercepts for any other purpose was illegal.The government justified the interception, saying agencies put Radia's phones under surveillance following the allegation that she was engaged in anti-national activities and was working for foreign espionage agencies.It also said the Directorate General of Investigation of the Income Tax department started investigating the lobbyist after finance minister Pranab Mukherjee received a complaint about the sharp rise in her assets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "11708302", "title": "Students call blockade against pathetic condition of NH-53", "text": "SILCHAR: Local students have called for an indefinite blockade of National Highway 53 from Wednesday morning in protest against the pathetic condition of crucial highway between Badarpur in Assam's Karimganj district and Imphal in Manipur. The action was decided after the Border Road Organisation (BRO) failed to repair the road despite repeated requests by the students' community, political parties and NGOs.Sahidur Rahman, a student leader, said they will organise the agitation at the Katakhal point of NH53 in Hailakandi district and the blockade will continue until the authorities start the repair work, he warned. Rahman, a student of Kalinagar Sarada Charan Dey College, said they have submitted a memorandum to S Thiyek, deputy commissioner (Hailakandi), mentioning their charter of demands and the programme of the agitation.He added that the agitators will also gherao the office of the BRTF's 115 RCC under 765 Tusk Force of BRO at Salchapra, which is responsible for the maintenance of NH-53. \"We will also put the office under lock and key\", he said.Meanwhile, Lalit Mohan Suklabaidya, Lok Sabha member from Karimganj, on Tuesday had a meeting with Satpal Singh, OC of the 115 RCC of BRTF at Salchapra, and asked the BRTF authorities to start repair work of the NH-53 immediately. He said travelling by this highway is a nightmarish experience and locals East have been suffering because of the dilapidated highway.He said the stretch between Jiribam and Imphal in particular is narrow and runs through hilly terrain. Most of the bridges on the road are weak and pose a risk to vehicles that ply on them, he said.OC Satpal Singh informed the MP that BRTF are facing a crisis of funds because of which they have not been able to repair the highway. He, however, requested the students to give him 20 days to start the work. Suklabaidya said that he is ready to extend all cooperation to the BRTF authorities fo release of fund from the ministry of surface transport in New Delhi. Singh said that the department of surface transport has sanctioned a sum of Rs 40 lakh for preliminary repair of a stretch of NH-53 at Panchgram, where the Barak river has eroded a large portion of the road.Singh also said he has written a letter to DoNER ministry informing about the crack that appeared on two pillars of Gammon Bridge over the Barak at Badarpur Ghat. He said if the bridge, under NEC, is not repaired immediately, the link between southern Assam, Mizoram, Manipur and Tripura and rest of the country will be threatened. He sought the help of the MP to get funds released for the necessary repairs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11708097", "title": "Daily water supply in city from today", "text": "BHOPAL: The residents of Bhopal would start getting daily piped water supply from Wednesday after three years of long wait. The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) had decided to start daily water supply after demands from the corporators.After the poor rainfall in 2008 the corporation had cut down supply once in two days and last year supply was reduced to once in three days.The decision to resume daily water supply was necessitated by the above average rainfall in the city this year.Initially, the decision to resume daily water supply will benefit only few colonies in the city and the supply would be extended gradually. The entire city would be covered under daily water supply from February 15.\"All preparations for the daily supply of water in the city have been completed,\" BMC commissioner Manish Singh told ToI. \"It will take another 15 days to smoothen the process,\" the commissioner added.The water cess in the city will remain at the current level of Rs 180 per month.At present, Bhopal gets 25 mgd water from the Kolar dam, 15 mgd from the Upper Lake and 10 mgd from Narmada. After February 1, the city will receive 33 mgd from Kolar, 25 mgd from the Upper Lake and 10 mgd from Narmada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11709499", "title": "Civic chief gets a 3-month extension", "text": "MUMBAI: BMC chief Subodh Kumar was granted a three-month extension on Tuesday. Chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad said the preparation of the civic budget and the February 16 civic elections were the reasons.Kumar, who attained superannuation on January 31, had to wait till late evening to receive the order. Under the All India Service (Death-cum-Retirement Benefits) Rules, 1958, an officer has to retire in the afternoon of the last day. Sources said Kumar was advised not to sign out as orders were awaited from Delhi. Civic sources said the orders were received in the municipal commissioner's office around 8 pm.Kumar's is not the first instance where the Centre issued orders late in the evening. Former chief secretaries Johny Joseph and Dinesh Afzalpurkar, too, had to wait to receive the orders. Sources said juniors have often been left wondering till the last minute on whether to give a farewell to their boss.State election commission (SEC) chief Neela Satyanarayan had earlier taken umbrage at not being consulted before the proposal to grant Kumar an extension was sent to Delhi. But she gave her assent once the orders were received. Gaikwad said the SEC had approved the extension. The chief secretary called on Satyanarayan in the evening to inform her about the Centre's approval . Asked about his priorities for the next three months, Kumar said making any such announcement would be a breach of the election code of conduct. \"I shall be presenting the civic budget when the new body is constituted. You will see the priorities in the budget.\"Lawyer and activist Y P Singh, who had filed an objection with the Union ministry of personnel against granting Kumar an extension on the grounds that it was in violation of Service Rules, indicated that he would be challenging the order in court. \"We will examine the legal issues. It is a sad day for bureaucracy; rules have been openly breached to favour those who are required to implement rules,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11705093", "title": "Jilted lover stabs self in Malwani", "text": "Mumbai: A 22-year-old man attempted suicide by stabbing himself in the stomach at Malwani on Sunday. He was allegedly upset after parting ways with his girlfriend. The youth, Julius Gomes, is in hospital in critical condition. No case has been registered by the police so far.Malwani resident Gomes is employed with an Andheri-based firm and his father, Nirmal, works abroad. Gomes had been in a relationship with a girl from his neighbourhood from the past four years.\"He was depressed as his relationship had failed. He tried getting in touch with the girl on several occasions, but she did not respond,\" said senior inspector Abdul Rauf Shaikh. On Sunday, Gomes, who lives with his mother, went to the girl's residence.\"The girl's parents did not allow Gomes to meet her. He got upset, got drunk, and went back to her place,\" added Shaikh. Gomes allegedly created a ruckus outside the girl's home and tried to kill himself around midnight when she did not respond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11706196", "title": "LCD system at HC benches by Feb end", "text": "NAGPUR: The high court administration would be installing ultra-modern electronic case display system at Mumbai, Nagpur and Aurangabad soon.These big LCD screens would display information which will benefit the lawyers, litigants and also the employees working with the judiciary. It would display information including court, serial and writ petition numbers along with case, party details and its stage.Such screens are already working in the principal bench of Madhya Pradesh High Court in Jabalpur and many other high courts like Karnataka. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, in a RTI query filed by city-based lawyer Kishor Ghuguskar, confirmed the development stating that the work was in \"final stages\".Maharashtra chief justice Mohit Shah said the display screens would become a reality by February end. \"We have already invited the tenders and process would be completed soon,\" he told TOI during his recent visit to the city in connection with sesquicentennial celebrations of Bombay High Court's establishment.The CJ had first made an announcement in this regard on February 6 last year at the start of High Court Bar Association (HCBA) platinum jubilee celebrations in the city. Registrar General Sunil Shukre informed TOI from Mumbai that a meeting would take place soon to finalize the plan.The HCBA has also filed a writ petition through its secretary Abhay Sambre demanding the installation of ultra-modern LCD display screens. According to HCBA counsel Sudhir Puranik, the existing system has become obsolete and outdated. \"During our visit to MP High Court in Jabalpur in connection with Bhopal toxic waste disposal case, we saw those screens. They can be installed both inside and outside the courtroom,\" he told TOI.HCBA contended that the government had already granted approval for changing the existing display system about three months back but no progress has been made.Ghuguskar stated that old system was installed only outside the courts while lawyers and litigants sitting inside courtrooms couldn't see progress of cases in other courtrooms. \"If our neighbouring state can do it why not Maharashtra where the judiciary has a great history and legacy,\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11706399", "title": "Nursery admission, parents on the edge", "text": "NEW DELHI: Schools in the city are going to declare the names of children selected for admission to nursery on Wednesday. However, those who are not lucky this time around, can still bank on a second list that many schools are likely to come out with, later in the month.With one candidate applying for nursery at multiple places, schools expect withdrawal of admission and several seats falling vacant. However, principals suggest that parents should book a seat in whichever school their child gets through first so as to cut the risk.\"The chances of having a second list are quite bright as same candidates have applied in different schools. We have a waiting list. I would suggest parents to deposit the fees in the first school their child gets through. If later the school of their choice still has vacant seats, most part of the fee will be refunded,\" said L V Sehgal, principal, Bal Bharati School, Ganga Ram Hospital Marg.He said the withdrawals are likely in the general category that has nearly 100 of the total 368 seats in nursery. The school this year opted for a draw of lots instead of admitting students on the basis of points. \"Last year, we had 378 candidates with 45 points. So children were selected in the subsequent list from among that group itself.\"Though most sought-after schools may not have enough number of vacant seats for second-list admissions, many withdrawals are likely in neighbourhood schools.D R Saini, principal, DPS R K Puram, said, \"We may have a second list for admission to DPS East of Kailash and Vasant Vihar but they may not be too many. Past experience shows only one or two seats may fall vacant due to withdrawals. So parents an take their chance but only after booking a seat in another school in the neighbourhood.\"The Indian School at Josip Broz Tito Marg has already released its second list. The school conducted a draw of lots this time. Tania Joshi, vice-principal, said, \"There is a lot of movement happening among candidates. They take admission and when they get through in another school, they withdraw. So those without admission in the first list still have a chance.\"Sehgal said, \"Our experience over the last few years has shown that no child remains without admission at the end of the process. They get through in some school or the other.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11709645", "title": "Congress deprived Goa STs their rights: Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: Leader of opposition Manohar Parrikar on Tuesday took the battle to the Congress, saying that if five seats in the Goa legislative assembly are reserved for scheduled caste candidates, then many Congress stalwarts will have to go home, and that is why Digambar Kamat has slept on the file to give reservations to STs for seven long years.Parrikar's strongly-worded riposte was provoked by charges against him on Monday by Congress Rajya Sabha member of Parliament Shantaram Naik, who reportedly accused the BJP of suppressing the Bahujan Samaj in Goa. Parrikar said that even STs were given that status in 2003, when the BJP government led by Atal Behari Vajpayee was at the Centre and his (Parrikar's) government ruled in Goa.Parrikar said, \"The notification was issued on January 9, 2003. After that, what is in the hands of the state government was immediately given on the spot. In fact, in education, I gave in advance in anticipation of the notification. You can check the file by asking for it under the Right To Information Act.\"Parrikar said that on the prospectus for the medical college and engineering college, he had written to keep reservation of 10% to STs, because three communities were approved to be included in the ST list and the notification was to be issued later.Parrikar said, \"Since the high court says that the prospectus has to be declared six months in advance, I inserted the above in the prospectus by putting a star there in December. So I went one step ahead. I also ensured reservations in jobs. But the government collapsed after that in 2004.\"Parrikar said that since 2005 till March 2012, the Congress government had created over 2,500 vacancies, or according to replies of the last assembly session, 2,564 vacancies. He said that if the huge number of vacancies in health, animal husbandry and education were filled by the ST people, they would be able to earn their livelihoods.Parrikar asked, \"After the Bali incident, the government gave many assurances. How many has it fulfilled? They said they would fill ST vacancies on priority. How many has it filled?\"Parrikar said reservation for elections does not depend on the government, but on the census. \"In the last seven years, did you conduct a census to determine the exact number of ST people in Goa? If you consider ST population as 12% in Goa, they are entitled to five seats. But to determine which five seats these are, one has to conduct a census of the ST population. Kamat has slept on this file for seven years,\" Parrikar said.According to Parrikar, the Congress government has not done this because the severest impact will be to the Congress party in Goa. He said senior Congress leaders in Salcete will have to go home, citing power minister Aleixo Sequeira as one example.On the other hand, the BJP will not be affected. \"Our front-runner in Canacona which can tentatively become a reserved seat is ST. Our likely candidate in Quepem is also ST. Therefore, we are not affected. Only Congress bigwigs are affected and they have to go home, that is why they have not conducted the census for ST population and have prevented them from entering the state legislative assembly,\" Parrikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11708092", "title": "Notice to city hotel as BMC corporators hit by food poisoning", "text": "BHOPAL: Nearly half a dozen corporators of Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) were take ill after having food that they reportedly ordered from a hotel in the city during the council meeting here on Tuesday. Soon, the BMC officials issued a notice to the hotel, Ranjeet Lake View, and food samples were collected for testing.\"The parathas and sweet dish brought from the hotel for the lunch was emitting some foul smell,\" Congress corporator Sameer Huzur told TOI.After this incident, the BMC and food and control department of the district administration jointly inspected the hotel and collected food samples.During the inspection, it was found that the kitchen of Ranjeet Lake View was \"dirty\" and the food items were \"lying in open\", a spokesman of the BMC informed.The BMC officials issued notice to the hotel and its food department has taken food samples for further investigations.The department will submit the report of the food samples to the corporation and district administration to for further action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11708749", "title": "2-wheeler thieves selling vehicles in rural areas", "text": "MYSORE: R Krishna, an employee attached to a private firm, lost his two-wheeler last October and was greatly inconvenienced by the loss. He had to borrow his brother's vehicle, which was troublesome for both.Krishna had parked his two-wheeler on D Devaraja Urs road, which was stolen. Police said since his vehicle's lock was not safe, it became an easy target for miscreants. Like him, every year, about 450 two-wheeler users on an average, are losing their vehicles for the past three years. However, some are lucky to get back their vehicles, like Krishna.DCP (crime) P Rajendra Prasad told TOI that the police investigation into the thefts of two-wheelers, revealed that failure of effective lock systems in two-wheelers of some manufacturers is one of the major causes for the increase in the thefts of two-wheelers.Meanwhile, cops are facing a challenge in investigating vehicle-lifting cases, especially motorcycles, because the culprits are disposing of the stolen vehicle in rural places. Explaining the modus operandi of the miscreants, Prasad said soon after lifting a vehicle, the thief visits rural places nearby and sells it to villagers at throw-away prices ranging from Rs 3,000 to Rs 7,000, without documents. They take gullible villagers into confidence and strike a deal.An analysis into vehicle-lifting cases revealed that a majority of the vehicles parked on D Devaraja road, Sayyaji Rao Road and Old bank road and parts of Krishna Raja police jurisdictions were targeted by the miscreants. Following this, patrolling was stepped up on these stretches, besides educating masses in rural places about buying used two-wheelers from strangers, the DCP stated.Police advise vehicle users to take additional safety to protect their vehicles when parked in public places as well as at their homes. Meanwhile, officers have also informed the manufacturing companies about the failure of an effective locking system. The DCP explained that the locking system in some vehicle becomes defunct after few years making such vehicles easy targets for thefts.City traffic cops are planning to chip in shopkeepers to ensure safety of vehicles parked in public places, besides educating public that receiving stolen property attracts legal action. As many as 423 two-wheelers were lifted in 2009, 505 in 2010, but it dipped to 443 in 2011. Meanwhile, the district police too are planning a drive to check documents of vehicles especially two-wheelers running in rural places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11708386", "title": "HPU defers fee hike decision", "text": "SHIMLA: Himachal Pradesh University (HPU) postponed decision on 10% fee hike, as proposed by the Resource Mobilization Committee (RMC), after the matter was discussed at the first executive council (EC) meeting of the year on Tuesday. Though fee hike was agreed upon by all, the matter would now be taken up in a special meeting to be held in mid February.The RMC in HPU has proposed fee hike after a gap of nearly four decades since the varsity came into existence in 1973.The proposal outlines an increase in fee structures from the next academic session in terms of tuition and examination fee, and also suggests 10% increase every year.Meanwhile, SFI-dominated Student Central Association (SCA) held a protest in HPU campus to protest against the proposed fee hike on Tuesday and submitted a memorandum to the EC members to withdraw the decision. SCA president Puneet Dhanta threatened to intensify their protest if the decision is implemented and alleged that the varsity administration is trying to increase fee as a way to mobilize resources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11707105", "title": "Hearing in Taj corridor scam deferred to March 13", "text": "The hearing in the multi-crore Taj corridor scam involving chief minister Mayawati and cabinet minister Naseemuddin Siddiqui has been deferred till March 13, owing to non-availability of the bench, which is seized up with the matter.The matter was listed before the bench of Justice Abdul Mateen and Justice DK Upadhyay. The special CBI court had discharged the duo in the scam for want of prosecution sanction, though the CBI had chargesheeted them. The PILs have challenged the discharge of these accused contending that there was no need to obtain prosecution sanction against them. The petitions also take the CBI to task for its failure to challenge the discharge of these accused before appellate court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11707062", "title": "Punjab\u2019s post polls problem: Disposing 7L liquor bottles", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Elections may be over, but a monumental task still remains for the administration to tackle - what to do with the large number of liquor bottles, large quantities of drugs and currency notes that were seized during the nearly two-month long campaign period in Punjab, which went to polls on Monday?As many as 7.53 lakh liquor bottles, 32,785 litres of illicit country liquor, eye-popping amounts of homegrown and smuggled drugs worth a few hundred crores, including one quintal opium and 24 kg of heroine, and unaccounted cash worth Rs 34 crore-this is the list that the administration needs to handle now.Still recovering from election fatigue, government officials are now struggling to find an effective way to dispose off this stuff. State excise and taxation secretary Venu Prasad said he was still receiving details of how much liquor is stored in the excise offices across the state, and how much out of it is to be destroyed. \"Our officials will compile figures over the next two days,\" said Prasad.While unaccounted currency and drugs are not posing much of a problem for storage, thousands of liquor bottles are become a problem for those responsible for their safe custody.\"We have been destroying home-brewn liquor simultaneously. Otherwise, we would have run short of a place to store all the liquor that we seized in this last one month,\" said a district functionary.Unlike the 'prohibition state' of Gujarat, where illegal liquor bottles are crushed under road-rollers, Punjab officials are not sure about the method to be adopted to get rid of this haul. \"In many cases, the liquor would become case properties, while the unaccounted ones would have to be destroyed. We haven't decided yet, how we are going to do that,\" said Venu Prasad.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11707306", "title": "Congress bags samiti seat before polls", "text": "NASHIK: As political environment heats up in the district with 329 people vying for 73 seats of the Nashik zilla parishad and 627 contestants for 141 seats for panchayat samitis of respective tehsils, the Congress took the lead with one of its candidates getting elected unopposed.The Congress had fielded Kusum Gangurde for the Niphad panchayat samiti seat reserved for scheduled tribe-women, where at least five others were also in the fray. The others who had filed their nomination papers were Suvarna Pawar and Surekha Kadale also from the Congress and Deepali Korde and Sangeeta Kadale from NCP.\"Since all the five withdrew their nominations, Gangurde is the only candidate in the fray and we have informed the state election commission about it,\" Manoj Khairnar, assistant election returning officer for Niphad, said. \"It is a matter of time that it will be declared that Gangurde has been elected unopposed,\" a senior official said.There are some who have gone in for appeal on various issues-including rejecting of candidature by returning officer. For those who have appealed, the last date of withdrawal is February 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11708170", "title": "Weaving magic with silk at Surajkund", "text": "NEW DELHI: You can see how a shimmering thread is woven from silkworms, right from the larvae to the spinning of yarn. And this mesmerizing sequence will be recreated by silk farmers from Assam at the Surajkund crafts mela. The 26th edition of the annual crafts fair, which opens on Wednesday, has Assam as the theme state and Thailand as the partner nation.Assamese weavers, comprising a major chunk of craftsmen from the state, will exhibit the weaving styles of various tribes like Bodo, Mising, Rabha, Karbi. There will also be a demonstration of Eri and Muga sericulture by farmers from various hill regions of Assam.TK Sharma, farm manager at department of sericulture in Assam, said the focus on silk production is to create awareness about the declining industry. \"The production of silk in most parts of Assam has come down drastically in the past five years. We are not sure why. Maybe it is because of climate change. The optimum weather condition for making silk is longer available. It's a matter of great worry. This is why the cost of silk has gone up. Through the fair, we will highlight this problem,\" he said.Anima Rabha and Sushila Bodo, who work on sericulture farms and weave silk mekhlas (Assamese skirts), are excited to be a part of the mela. It takes them over a week to weave a silk mekhla and two days to make a cotton one.\"It's a tough job. We think the visitors at the mela will find it interesting,\" Rabha said.Other than handicrafts, the dances of various states will also be a major draw. Nine tribal and classical Assamese dance performances, Chau from West Bengal, bhangra and gidda from Punjab, mayor dance from Uttar Pradesh, siddi-goma from Gujarat, panthi from Chhattisgarh, and Ghoomar from Haryana are slated to be performed. The foreign cultural groups will perform a medley dance show.In a first, a helicopter joyride to give tourists an aerial view of the colourful mela is also being planned. The fiveminute ride will be finalized once all the requisite clearances are obtained from the director general civil aviation and other agencies.Don't miss the stall showcasing fireworks from Barpeta, Assam, which is famous for its indigenous fireworks industry.SAARC countries, Central Asian countries like Tajikistan , Uzbekistan and Kyrgyztan and Congo from West Africa will also participate in the fair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11706714", "title": "CBI summons Indra\u2019s mom", "text": "JODHPUR: Furious over the disappearance of Indra Bishnoi in the Bhanwari Devi case and unable to find her despite legal course and frequent raids at her possible hideouts, the Central Bureau of Investigation ((CBI) has now resorted to its favoured and tested tactic, which has already been applied in Malkhan Singh Bishnoi's case.Having summoned Malkhan's daughters-in-law in his case earlier, the CBI, on Tuesday, summoned his mother Amri Devi, octogenarian wife of late Ram Singh Bishnoi, a renowned Congress leader of Marwar and PHED minister of his time.She remained with the CBI for about three hours.For some days now, the CBI has been summoning those who are close to this family in order to build pressure on Indra and force her to surrender before the CBI.The agency has already interrogated many who are considered close to her besides arresting Reshmaram Bishnoi. But all this has proved futile, thereby forcing CBI to resort to the tested tactic of summoning the family members regardless of their age and relevance.Apart from Amri Devi, two sons of Malkhan and other relatives and family members were summoned by the CBI. Also some others including sarpanches and government officials were summoned. Kusum Bishnoi, pradhan of Bilara and wife of Parasram Bishnoi, was also summoned.CBI is also taking Pukhraj Bishnoi and Dinesh Bishnoi to different places around Bilara for verification of their statements. After PukhRaj, it was Dinesh's turn on Tuesday, who was taken to Pipar by the CBI. Both of them are currently under CBI custody.The judicial custody of Malkhan Singh Bishnoi, Sahiram Bishnoi, Umeshram Bishnoi, Amarchand, Bishnaram Bishnoi, Omprakash Bishnoi, Ashok Bishnoi and Kailash Jakhar was extended till February 14. All of them were brought to the court amidst tight security on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11708640", "title": "SC defers hearing indefinitely", "text": "MANGALORE: The apex court on Tuesday indefinitely postponed the hearing of a petition filed by Central Arecanut and Cocoa Marketing and Processing Co-operative Ltd (Campco) and arecanut marketing co-operative societies against the ban on gutka. Campco and other co-operative societies had impleaded themselves in the case, urging the court to reconsider its stand given the implications for arecanut growers.Campco president Konkodi Padmanabha, in a press statement issued from New Delhi on Tuesday, sought to the allay fears of arecanut growers on account of various versions relating to the legal developments floating back home here. Campco will obtain the help of all co-operative societies concerned to protect the interests of the growers and legally fight the case to the logical end, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11710217", "title": "Naseeruddin Shah is a master at work", "text": "Kaun hoon main? Who am I? Ami ke? As he uttered the words in one breath, a collective sigh broke the silence. Everyone at the studio knew the answer, but no one spoke. They held their breath - waiting to see what the master would do next. After all, it's not every day that you get to see Naseeruddin Shah can shots for a Bengali film.For many, his two-day trip to Kolkata to shoot \" Khashi Katha\" was a lesson beyond text books. Naseer looked the butcher's part - ganjee, lungi and skullcap in place - sharpening his knife with the same gusto with which he shook hips and sang \"Ooh la la\" with Vidya Balan in \"The Dirty Picture\". For the method actor, it's all in a day's work.As he sat rehearsing his lines before an excited unit on Tuesday, minutes before firsttime director Judhajit Sarkar said 'action', there was no missing the euphoria surrounding the man. Actor Prasun Gain, who plays the protagonist, was at the shoot to catch a powerhouse performance. \"For me, Robert De Niro, Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, Jack Nicholson and Naseeruddin Shah are all in the same bracket. Isn't he the God of Indian cinema? What surprises me is his range as an actor. He can do a \"Mirch Masala\" and also fit into masala flicks like \"The Dirty Picture\". I have no business being here today, but I've come just to see Naseersaab act. For me, it's more of training,\" he said.For Judhajit, roping Naseer in has been a casting coup. \"He has made me a huge favour,\" said the director. A favour? \"Naseeruddin Shah isn't too keen on films this year and said he wants to concentrate on theatre. He is a tad disgusted with the film scene. But with him on board, my film has got a brand. The rest of the actors are newcomers.\"The fact that the actor gave his nod was a big boon for the director. \"This is my first film and I must say, I've been plain lucky. In fact, I had never been mad enough to think of direction. But with age, I've become a little crazy. I am perhaps the only director to make his debut post-50. Also, there's great camaraderie among the unit members. Our DoP, Surjodeep Ghosh, and I are like a married couple. On the sets, we speak less, but he anticipates what I wish to say and vice versa,\" said Judhajit.For the rest, the morning was more of work and less of chit chat as the butcher geared up for his kill and a killer performance. \"Aaj itvar hai, pehli kurbaani aur pehla grahak, dono ko hi mera intezaar hai,\" he said in his first shot. Perfect take; \"okay\" said the director. The man in the middle? \"What's next?\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11707083", "title": "BArch students rough up principal", "text": "LUCKNOW: Students of Faculty of Architecture on Tuesday ransacked the principal's office, broke window panes and allegedly roughed up the college principal Prof Mukul Singh. Students attributed their action as a retaliatory one, after the principal hit a girl student following heated exchange of words over students' long pending demands.Enraged over the BArch students' action, the principal called for police help and lodged complaints against the students on charges of murder attempt. In his complaint, the principal named Mohd Nadeem, Shashank Srivastava and Manoj Adi and others for making an attempt on his life and creating an atmosphere of terror in the college.Architecture students have been staging protests for the past four months demanding that the college authorities to ensure that the courses run here are certified by the Council of Architecture (COA), which had been banned by the body since 2005-06. The action by the COA came after they found inadequate teachers and lack of proper computer facility in the college.It was in pursuance of their demands that the students had been pressuring the college authorities to do the needful. On Tuesday, after continuous perusal, a meeting of Prof Singh and three faculty members, Prof Jagbir Singh, Rajiv Kacker, and Ritu Gulati (appointed to deal the matter) was being held in the principal's office.Several students expressed their desire to attend the meeting, which was rejected by the authorities. Students claimed that minutes later, Singh was heard reprimanding college faculty Ritu. Irritated, she came out of his room.It was after this that the students requested the principal to come out and discuss the matter with them. \"We touched his feet, and literally asked him to talk to us. Instead, he started abusing us,\" said a student. On hearing the noise, many other faculty members rushed towards principal's office.After this, students also forced their entry into his room. \"However, when we went near him, he hit a girl student, Charu Agawal, on her head,\" a student told TOI. Charu fell on the ground unconscious and was rushed to a nearby hospital. Another girl student, in tears, said, \"He literally bruised my hands with his nails. He pushed us and then the students attacked him back. It's unfortunate to call him our principal who is least interested about student's problems.\"Enraged over the principal's \"unprovoked\" action, the students roughed him up, another student told TOI. The students went berserk thereafter and broke window panes, damaged the furniture and ransacked the principal's room. On receiving the information, police rushed to the spot and used mild force to disperse the rampaging students. Several efforts to contact the principal went in vain as his phone was switched off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11708741", "title": "Milk vendor knocked dead", "text": "MYSORE: A sexagenarian milk vendor from Siddalingapura was killed in a hit-and-run accident on Mysore-Bangalore road near Siddalingapura, 6km away from the city, on Tuesday.Marigegowda, 60, was returning home on foot when the tragedy occurred in Narasimha Raja traffic police limits around 5.45am. Police suspect it to be a heavy vehicle, which fatally knocked him down and they are investigating to trace the 'killer' vehicle.Marigegowda was dropping his wife at a bus stop as usual and was returning home, when tragedy struck. His wife travels to Mysore city with milk containers for business. Based on circumstantial evidence, police said the vehicle was moving towards Mysore from neighbouring Srirangapatna.Meanwhile, police have intensified investigation to trace the vehicle and are taking assistance of civil police. They are now chiefly dependent on CCTV footages for a clue. Security cameras are installed at two locations - Mysore-Bangalore road - ring road junction and at a check post near K R Mill building. According to an official, about two dozen vehicles, a majority of them are heavy duty vehicle, have passed the junction during the time and they are collecting all the details to zero in on the killer vehicle.Marigegowda is survived by his wife and two children, including a son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11708549", "title": "High court denies anticipatory bail to Sasikalaa brother", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Tuesday refused to grant anticipatory bail to Sasikalaa Natarajan's brother V Divakaran, who apprehended arrest in a house demolition case.According to a case registered by the Tiruvarur district police, Divakaran was behind the demolition of a house of one Kasthuri at Rishiyur village in Needamangalam taluk on November 28, 2011.Divakaran, however, denied the allegation and blamed the case on the \"recent melee in the political situation\" and that he was being \"harassed due to political vendetta\".He said the demolition was carried out by the authorities of the Arulmigu Kailasanathan Temple at Rishiyur under the supervision of the assistant commissioner of the HR&CE; department as the house site belonged to the temple. Kasthuri had occupied the temple site illegally and constructed the house without the knowledge of the temple authorities, he said.Claiming that he came to know about the complaint against him only through media reports, he said police officials came to his house on January 21 in search of him. The officials, however, were refused permission to enter his college premises as girl students were on the campus. Divakaran said police officers informed the college authorities that they were acting on the instructions of the district superintendent of police. He said the complaint had been lodged with a view to tarnish his image.Divakaran is the second person, after Ravanan, from Sasikalaa's family to face the police wrath after she parted ways with CM Jayalalithaa earlier this month.But with the court refusing to grant him anticipatory bail, Divakaran's counsel offered to withdraw the petition. \"After making elaborate submissions, the advocate for the petitioner seeks to withdraw the petition. The petition is accordingly dismissed as withdrawn,\" said Justice M M Sundresh in his brief order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11708128", "title": "Parents complain during RTE admissions in city schools", "text": "BHOPAL: Admissions of the disadvantaged or BPL (Below Poverty Line) category children under Right to Education (RTE) Act at various schools across the city was not without debate and dissatisfaction on Tuesday.At two of the schools, the education department authorities had to intervene for smooth implementation of the draw of lots of the applicants for kindergarten and class one.At St. Xavier's Senior Secondary Co-ed School, BHEL, parents raised objections over their rejected applications on the basis of overage and neighbourhood norms. The school education department has defined 'neighbourhood' as mentioned in the Act as the adjoining municipal wards where the school is situated.District Education Officer (DEO) CM Upadhyay reached the school and heard the complaints of the parents. He also assured them that the matter would be probed.At Bal Bhawan School, Shyamla Hills, Joint Director Public Instruction DS Kushwaha resolved a similar dispute after consulting a Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) zonal official on the matter. He cleared the dispute of which municipal wards would be considered as neighbourhood.80 applications were received at All Saints' School. But parents complained that only 15 were kept for the lottery. Also two were introduced halfway through the process.Maharshi Vidya Mandir had 10 seats reserved for the disadvantaged children whereas only seven applications were received.Similarly at International Public School (IPS), Misrod, 32 applications from the BPL category were received against the reserved 15 seats. But many were rejected as the parents wanted admission of their children in higher classes. Hence many seats remained vacant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11708626", "title": "Parekh frontrunner to battle Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: Panaji mayor Yatin Parekh dashed to New Delhi on Tuesday to stake claim for the Congress ticket to take on opposition leader and BJP MLA Manohar Parrikar in Panaji. Sources said Parekh \"played smart\" keeping his intentions under wraps till now.The development caught many by surprise even as Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) councillor Surendra Furtado told media persons he remained top contender for the Congress ticket.Taleigao MLA Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate, whose panel is in power in CCP, had earlier stated he would only work for the party in Panaji constituency if his former rival now friend Somnath Zuwarkar was the Congress candidate. Monserrate has, himself, staked claim to the Congress ticket in St Cruz constituency.Sources say that while the Congress high command thinks Furtado can take on Parrikar, the involvement of Monserrate would tilt the scales in the party's favour.The deal under consideration is that Congress is ready to offer Monserrate the St Cruz ticket, provided he works for the party's candidate in Panaji.Parekh's MLA aspirations had surfaced a few years ago, but he remained a councillor and swore allegiance to Monserrate during the last two civic elections.Parekh's name had not surfaces in the run-up to the polls till now. Sources said Monserrate has told the Congress high command he would work for the party in Panaji if (his) mayor Parekh was given the ticket. Calls made to Parekh were unanswered.Furtado, however, appeared unperturbed. He told media persons he was confident of getting the Congress ticket. \"Parrikar was in charge of Panaji for 17 years and couldn't do anything. Panaji has lost development works of Rs 1,000 crore through the Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission because of Parrikar. He sat on the committee and sat on the projects as well. He has no interests of Panaji. Instead, he has used Panaji voters to become opposition leader and has not acted as Panaji MLA,\" Furtado said.\"Being in the opposition is no excuse for Parrikar. I had been in the CCP opposition for years, yet my wards in Miramar are the best in Panaji. I will bring in the Rs 1,000 crore development works for Panaji,\" Furtado added.Parekh's Delhi trip led to the cancellation of the monthly CCP meeting. Opposition councilors owing allegiance to BJP turned up for the meet, while a few ruling councilors along with Furtado also arrived, only to be told by commissioner Agnelo Fernandes that the meeting had been cancelled.When TOI asked Fernandes the reason for the cancellation, he replied, \"I was sent a message that he (mayor) was unable to attend the meeting and hence had to call it off.\" The cancellation saw angry reactions from BJP councillors.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11707631", "title": "Re-evaluation: PU tells GMCH to conduct probe", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Amidst heated arguments at Panjab University's syndicate meeting on Tuesday, the case regarding independent evaluation of two students of Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), Sector 32, who had failed, has been sent back for an inquiry to the college.The GMCH has also been asked to explain as to why it wants independent evaluation of answer books of all six students of BSc (radio diagnosis) batch who appeared in their second year exam last year. The matter would be taken up at the next syndicate meeting on February 15.In what comes as a relief to four candidates of the same batch who have passed, the PU syndicate decided to clear their case.The Panjab University syndicate has decided not to take any action as far as results of four students are concerned, since none of them had appealed for any re-evaluation or independent evaluation.Seeking exemption from rules listed in the PU calendar that do not permit re-evaluation of answer books of students from medical sciences, the director-principal of GMCH, Dr Raj Bahadur had appealed for an independent evaluation on behalf of two candidates who had failed in a letter to the university.Along with the two students who had failed, the GMCH director had also asked for independent evaluation of the answer books of the remaining four students of the batch, who had passed.In yet another important decision by the PU syndicate, it was resolved to reconsider the appeal of certain college principals to stop online admissions of BCom in their colleges. In an agenda item, it was mentioned that certain college principals had expressed apprehension about the system of filling seats through the online process.Apparently sensing losing control over admissions in this course, a section of college principals cited that \"problems were being witnessed\" in the online system and it was \"wasting students' time.\"\"The proposal will be re-considered and has been sent back to a committee to find out at length what problems are being faced by colleges,\" said Naval Kishore, PU senate and syndicate member who is also PU dean, Colleges.Key decisions- Case of two failed students sent back to GMCH-32 for inquiry- The four candidates of the radio diagnosis batch who have passed will not be affected, say PU syndics- Concern of college principals regarding 'hiccups' in online B.Com admissions to be re-considered- Committee asked to find out 'hitches' in online system", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11706414", "title": "RTI activists term appointments as 'political'", "text": "HYDERABAD: City-based RTI activists were most critical of the new appointments and said the selection process lacked transparency and was based on political equations.C J Karira, noted RTI activist said \"The appointments were done in a very opaque manner as no prior announcement was made related to it. There is no clarity on the selection process and on what basis the new commissioners were shortlisted. Also, the government did not call for applications for these posts.\"He said the list only reflected the balancing act of the government to keep different sections happy. He also expressed disappointment that selected commissioners hardly had any experience in RTI which will only affect the pendency of the cases.P Ramakrishna, another city-based RTI activist felt that appointment of civil servants as commissioners made no sense as most of the RTI queries and complaints were on them. \"It would have been better if the commissioners were chosen from civil society, RTI activists or normal citizens,\" he said, describing the appointments as purely political.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11706352", "title": "Govt readies plans to check truant schools", "text": "MUMBAI: School education in India has undergone tremendous transformation. But the one aspect where change is felt the most has been in the fact that school fees now occupies a thick slice in the family budget pie, something that earlier went blissfully unnoticed.The soaring fee, the rise of the private schools, the manner in which school admission processes are designed, the overt demand made for donations, the campus advertisements that lure parents, and the over-arching truth that education has been reduced to a business for many, has forced the government to design an act to check and punish unfair practices in trade called school education.So a school will invite action for discriminating against children on the basis of religion, caste, creed or gender, or forcing children to speak in English and neglecting the mother tongue or resorting to corporal punishment, or pressurizing kids with heavy curriculum load of a higher class.The Central Advisory Board of Education (CABE) which met last week in the capital, has finalized its decision to draft 'The Prohibition of Unfair Practices in Elementary, Secondary and Senior Secondary Schools Bill', which will keep a vigil on the manner in which schools function. The legislation would provide for criminal prosecution and civil penalties and state education tribunals will be set to monitor the adherence of the provisions of this Act.Schooling was mostly gratis, a service largely provided by the government; but today it won't be wrong to say that the private sector has shown an increasing interest in this space. Close to 40% of Indian schools are private institutes, some aided, most unaided. The idea is not to police schools, said a CABE member. \"The inherent rationale of the legislation would be to promote transparency through mandatory disclosure in the prospectus and the website, and provide adequate and accessible recourse for remedial action arising out of non adherence of self disclosed details and norms,\" said the CABE note.The proposal provides for imposition of monetary penalties upto Rs 50 lakh for violation of provisions of various clauses that are declared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "11708659", "title": "Mazhanidhi project aims to harvest rainwater", "text": "Kottayam: Alappuzha's Kainakary panchayat is all set to harvest rain water and restore the ponds in Kuttanad. Agricultural scientist MS Swaminathan inaugurated the project named 'Mazhanidhi' at the Rubber Research Institute on Tuesday.\"The project demonstrates how one can use rain water in an efficient way. This project can be an inspiration for all,\" he said. Mazhanidhi will be implemented by MS Swaminathan Research Foundation and Kuttanad Vikasana Samithi (KVS).Kinakary panchayat situated 50cm-250cm below the sea level is the most vulnerable location of Kuttanad, as nearly 95% of the 6,000 odd families here do not have access to clean drinking water.\"As part of the project, people in the region will be trained in rain water harvesting,\" said Swaminathan. He added that village knowledge centres will be opened to provide information about the possibility of rains and the quality of water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11708552", "title": "Building collapse: More than 25 still feared trapped", "text": "More than 25 persons are still feared trapped under the debris of warehouse-cum-cold storage at Chikhli layout in Kalamna and their relatives were seething in anger over what appeared to be slipshod rescue operations. The gases have been so strong that even the rescue parties and those standing several metres away were affected. Ashok Shripatre, father of Amit who is still trapped under the debris, protested the delays in the rescue. He threatened to commit suicide if the work was not hastened. \"I am crying since 6 pm of Monday evening but no one is paying heed. We have not even told the mother that her son is trapped here,\" said a weeping Ajju Shripatre, Amit's younger brother, who has been trying to draw attention of the officials to where Amit might be. The relatives of Pawan Kedia, friend of the cold-storage owner Pramod Khandelwal, too showed disappointment as there is no trace of the businessman 24 hours.\"The rescue restarted late on Tuesday morning after a gap of four hours,\" said a relative of Kedia. Anand Raul, whose daughter escaped the disaster by a whisker, does not know if he will ever see his wife Sanjukta alive after being trapped for so many hours. The jawans of the 118 Battalion Territorial Army paid heed to his plight and used an experienced labourer working at the premises for the last eight months to find a possible passage through mangled heaps of concrete and iron rods. The jawans have been trying onlooktheir level best but were helpless in absence of specialized equipment. One of two JCBs working at the site remained non-functional for hours after it ran out of fuel, said a senior army official. There was emanation of obnoxious gases from the rubble since the cold-storage was damaged but the officials from NEERI were informed almost 24 hours later. As anger grew among the relatives of the trapped labourers looked at every plan of the authorities with suspicion. They accused officials of being more interested in extricating material belonging to traders rather than save lives. \"The authorities are only interested in saving the grains of rich traders but not the lives of poor labourers,\" said a relative as he had a heated argument with the senior officials of police, Nagpur Municipal Corporation, Nagpur Improvement Trust and other agencies engaged in the rescue operation.\"Allow us to enter the rubble come what may,\" said Tirith Chandralekh whose elder brother Sonu is still untraceable. There was also much discontent among the relatives of the trapped labourers who started voicing their dissent as armymen were not present at the site on Tuesday morning. In fact, it is learnt that the local authorities could not provide any support to the jawans for an all-out rescue operations. Patience among the officials too seemed to be waning leading to scrapes. A senior police officer unnecessarily manhandled a businessman who was waiting to see whether his stocks could be saved. Police also showed knee-jerk reaction on occasions. A group of constables rained lathis on some onlook ers fleeing with the grains and other materials brought out from the debris. There was damage to the adjoining premises too that houses a wheat flour plant of Vijay Wadhwani. The collapsing cold-storage tore away a portion of Wadhwani's premises damaging civil construction worth nearly Rs 10 lakh.\"The local residents decamped with wheat worth nearly Rs 10 lakh on Tuesday morning as there were no police guarding this place,\" lamented Wadhwani. The incident was another blow for Katariya family whose 8-year-old son was abducted and murdered in October last year. The family suffered a Rs 40 lakh setback as 200 sacs jeera and 20 quintals of tilli they had stocked in cold-storage now appears lost. At 4 pm, some students of National Fire Service College came with a camera that could locate human bodies trapped under debris. It proved to be of no use.At 6.40 pm, the weather turned nasty with a strong drizzle making debris removal even more difficult. However, it got going again with experienced rescuers from WCL joining the effort in the evening. By late evening, a massive crane with 35-tonne lifting capacity had been pressed into service. It is learnt that the personnel of Industrial Safety inspector visited the IGGMCH and spoke to the victims at length for preparing the detailed report of the disaster at the cold-storage. Official sources said NMC got the site inspected by a couple of experts from Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology. They have prima facie attributed the disaster to poor quality of construction that went into the building. Divisional commissioner B V Gopala Reddy also visited the site in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11708656", "title": "Civic body, ministry lock horns", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore City Corporation (MCC) has found itself on a collision course with the ministry of urban development by backing an extension to health officer Dr Manjayya Shetty.While the defence taken by the ruling BJP to back Dr Manjayya is that the functioning of health department of the civic body is taking a beating in the absence of full-time health officer, urban development minister Suresh Kumar is not bemused by the choice that his party has made.At the general meeting held on Friday, mayor Praveen had ruled that Dr Manjayya be continued till such time that the civic body finds a suitable replacement for the post. Suresh Kumar, on the other hand, is miffed that his partymen, for reasons known to them, are backing an official whom he had placed under suspension after noticing glaring shortcomings in the functioning of the department during an official tour of the city that he undertook sometime ago.\"I do not know if they (BJP corporators) see the very visage of Lord Manjunatha of Sri Kshetra Dharmasthala in Dr Manjayya. But it is certain that he will not get the extension as per the resolution adopted by the corporation council at its general meeting,\" Suresh told TOI. \"Urban development ministry will appoint someone to the post at the earliest,\" Suresh said, adding that the orderly growth of the city was of paramount importance to him.Sources in the ministry told TOI that the ministry had earlier rejected a proposal sent by the council, seeking an extension for Dr Manjayya. \"If this is a new proposal, then even this will also meet the same fate,\" the sources added. Admitting that the ministry is dependent on MBBS doctors to serve as health officer due to lack of super-specialization, sources said the city can definitely find a more competent person to replace Dr Manjayya.Corporation has to convince the ministry that it has made every effort to find a suitable candidate to the post. \"Health officer and duties that the officer is supposed to discharge is not exactly rocket science,\" sources said, adding that a new person can learn the ropes soon. If the corporators want to \"accommodate\" a person of their choice to the post despite knowing the shortcomings of the person, the ministry will not allow it, sources added.MCC commissioner Harish Kumar told TOI that the civic body will start the process of appointing a health officer as per the terms and conditions laid down by the ministry. According to sources, a prime condition is that the prospective candidate should not have faced any disciplinary action in the past. Harish said he will forward the corporation resolution to the ministry after noting his observations in line with the ministry's directives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11707827", "title": "Beating of kanjiras rocks council meet", "text": "BANGALORE: Amidst beating of kanjiras (tambourine) and heated exchanges between corporators , the BBMP council on Tuesday discussed its poor finances, water shortage and the vanishing heritage markets in the city.When the council met in the morning. NR Ramesh, corporator of Yediyur ward, said how collection of betterment fee from select 583 properties, mostly in BDA layouts, could have earned the BBMP Rs120 crore to Rs 130 crore.Then the discussion moved to the impending water crisis the city will face in summer. Corporators in the newly added areas expressed concern about the overexploited borewells in their areas and demanded that BWSSB officials be present at the council meetings to answer their questions.\"The joint commissioners will be empowered to release Rs 25 lakh to mitigate the water shortage problem,\" BBMP commissioner MK Shankarlinge Gowda pointed out.The council spent more than an hour discussing the mortgaging of KR market for Rs 500 crore. BBMP proposes to pledge the market to earn revenue. \"Mortgaging would be a wrong word but this is just a collateral security to avail Housing and Urban Development Corporation loans. The concept is not new in BBMP. Other examples are the Public Utility building in 1974-75 and Jayanagar market in 1994,\" said the Palike commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11707762", "title": "Isro boss seeks nod to release probe reports", "text": "BANGALORE: Breaking his silence on the ban on space scientists, Isro chairman K Radhakrishnan on Tuesday expressed willingness to make public reports of the two committees that probed the Devas-Antrix deal. Radhakrishnan , mum as a debate raged on the correctness of the ban on the scientists and the two probes, had come under attack from former chairman G Madhavan Nair.The space department chief was quoted in an Isro note as saying that the department was getting \"necessary clearances\" for releasing the reports of the two committees - a review committee set up on Feb 10, 2011 (with B K Chaturvedi and Roddam Narasimha as members); and a high-level team set up on May 31, 2011 (chaired by Pratyush Sinha ) - to examine various aspects of the January 2005 Antrix-Devas agreement.The Isro chairman, some officials said, was acting under public pressure to release the probe findings and was prepared to hear out the scientists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "badhewal road", "code": "11708118", "title": "A saviour of strays, his house shelters 13 mutts", "text": "Badhewal Road: The sight of stray dogs smashed by speeding vehicles pressed on roads doesn't affect most of us. It may disturb a few for a moment but the indifference towards their lives carries on as the poor animal is considered nothing but a nuisance in our surroundings.Similar were the fates of Zoro, Chimpu, Bulbul, Maina and Lucky until they were spotted in miserable conditions by Amarjeet Singh Baath of Badhewal Road and got a home away from the fatal streets. The benevolent master of this family of strays has adopted eight other members over the period of last five years.Amarjeet says he drew inspiration from his sister Balvinder Kaur, a veterinary doctor. \"Looking at her, I too, started adopting strays and today I have 13 dogs living peacefully with me,'' says Amarjeet.Amarjeet himself looks after his pack of pets who get medical care from his sister. \"I feel people should take it as a social responsibility to adopt a stray dog, may be together as a community, and get them vaccinated. We could sterilize the female dogs to prevent their numbers of increasing,'' he adds.\"Stray dogs are not ferocious at all. They react only when threatened or harmed as they do not have a definite area as their territory. The domestic pets, however, have a sense of their territory at homes and become ferocious for strangers,'' says Amarjeet.He adopted only the sick ones from the streets and feels these strays have a short lifetime on roads as they are prone to diseases, accidents and fights. Amarjeet maintains medical cards for all his pets and has them vaccinated. Most of his female pets are sterilized too.Some of his dogs have also won appreciation awards in stray dogs category at the dog show organized by Guru Angad Dev Veterinary and Animal Science University (GADVASU). Amarjeet feeds milk, pedigree and dalia to his pets twice a day and has made separate living shelters and cages for all dogs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11708515", "title": "HC stay on recruiting private nursing candidates in GHs", "text": "CHENNAI: Another policy decision of the Tamil Nadu government has been put on hold by the Madras high court when a government order permitting private nursing candidates to be considered for appointment in government medical institutions was stayed by a single judge on Tuesday.Justice K Chandru stayed the operation of the order issued by the health and family welfare department on January 18, deciding to fill all vacant posts of nurses in government medical institutions from among the trained nurses from government and private nursing colleges. The selection was to be made through an examination conducted by the newly-formed Medical Services Recruitment Board.Defending the move to hire private nursing candidates in government medical institutions, health minister V S Vijay on Tuesday told the assembly that the state was only implementing court orders. \"God only knows why they accorded sanction to so many private institutions.We have 20,000 students studying in these colleges now. They had gone to the court demanding government jobs and secured orders in their favour,\" the minister said.The government order triggered statewide agitation by government nurses and nursing students of government-run schools. Demonstrations and arrests have been going on for more than two weeks now.The petition was filed by S Eswaramoorthy, who completed his nursing course in January 2010 from the School of Nursing, Government Stanley Hospital, here. He submitted that in February 2011, the then government invited applications to fill up more than 1,600 nursing assistant vacancies in various government hospitals and institutions. While the first batch of 969 candidates was called on February 22, 2011, second batch of 892 candidates was called for certificate verification on February 23.Although a new government has assumed office more than six months ago, the second batch of candidates are yet to be called to join duty, Eswaramoorthy said. When the matter was pending before the SC, which issued an interim order, the state should not have issued the order preclosing all legal possibilities, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11708169", "title": "Property tax default: IMC to auction properties on Feb 16", "text": "INDORE: After failing to recover its pending dues from property tax defaulters even after several efforts, the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) is now going to auction selected properties on February 16. The civic body is expected to recover around Rs 1.40 crore from the first phase of the auction in which 20 properties would be brought under the hammer.IMC revenue in-charge Chandu Shinde said the civic body had prepared a list of around 50 properties which would be auctioned. The list of 20 properties to be auctioned on February 16 has been made public, he added. The properties have been attached and will be auctioned under the sections of Municipal Corporation Act 1956.Anyone can participate in the auction process by depositing a security fee of Rs 50,000 and the successful bidder will have to pay 25 per cent of the amount within 24 hours of the auction and remaining amount can be paid in the next 15 days.Some of the biggest defaulters, whose properties will be auctioned, include 39,675 square feet of land of Chairman Mitra Mandal Sahakari Sansthawhich has pending dues of(Rs 87.56 lakh pending), Premshukh Talkies spread over 23,288 square feet (Rs 22 lakh pending) and 67,080 square feet of property of Pranay Pradhan at Khajrana (Rs 12.14 lakh pending).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11706484", "title": "Let us off poll duty: Jr college teachers", "text": "Mumbai: Junior college teachers, who are being roped in as support staff on poll days, have requested the election commissioner and the BMC to exempt them from election duty.The reason they have cited is that they would be too busy at their institutions during that time as oral exams as well as practical sessions for Std-XII students will start from February 2.Amar Singh, president of Mumbai Junior College Teachers' Union, said almost all the 3,900 junior college teachers in the city had been put on election duty from February 16. Singh and his team met Aseem Gupta, municipal additional commissioner, who is in charge of the elections.\"Earlier, teachers were put on election duty by rotation. But now, there is more work and almost all the teachers have been asked to report for the job. However, we need to be exempted from it as we also have Std XII exam duties,\" said Singh. Theory exams for Std XII will begin on February 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11707457", "title": "Chennai cops arrest Ravanan in cheating case", "text": "COIMBATORE: A team from central crime branch of Chennai police formally arrested MRP Ravanan, a close relative of Sasikalaa Natarajan, in a cheating case at Coimbatore Central prison on Tuesday. Presently under judicial custody in an abduction and extortion case, Ravanan would soon be taken to Chennai by the crime branch for investigation.Crime Branch inspector Jaya Singh and his team reached the prison at around 3pm and executed the arrest in the case. Team members have revealed that they would soon obtain transit warrant from the court to take him to Chennai. The case relates to a complaint filed by a property developer alleging that Ravanan had refused to return Rs one crore he had received for getting sand quarry license to the former.The complainant, R Krishnamoorthy, managing director of RK Imay Property Developers, had alleged that he had paid the sum for getting a sand quarry license in Karur but neither he got the license nor Ravanan repaid the amount. Ravanan and two others had threatened the petitioner with dire consequences, the complainant alleged. Ravanan was arrested last week in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11708217", "title": "Highway service roads being used by local traffic", "text": "GURGAON: The expected comfortable ride on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway by the 2020s seems to have ended. If the private developer is to be blamed for its failure to improve the traffic clearance at the two toll plazas, the Haryana government and Gurgaon administration have also contributed to the mess.With hardly any steps taken to improve the local road network along the expressway, the efficiency of the high-speed corridor has taken a beating. Service roads get choked with vehicles and even the tail-end spills over to the main carriageway.An independent study conducted by the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has pointed out how the state administrations in Gurgaon and Delhi have failed to augment their own facilities for better traffic movement within the city by pushing most of the traffic to use the expressway.The study by a retired director general (highways) has pointed out that \"the local road network in the Haryana portion has been planned in such a manner that the fourth link of the network grids abutting the national highways is provided by the service roads forcing it to function as access roads for properties while their design functions are to facilitate the movement of local traffic not meant for the highway and act as entry/ exit ramps.\" This is what happens in case of traffic between Kendriya Vihar, Ambience Mall and DLF City junction, IFFCO Chowk and Sector 17. The report says the traffic on these stretches should have moved on to separate local links of the city network rather than on the service roads.The report also points out that treating service roads as a part of the local network is an \"unacceptable\" feature of the land use and transport plan. It recommends that the network grid should be closed for all local links other than the NH service roads. Moreover, there are service roads like the ones near Khandsa and Narsinghpur which remain under sewage water throughout the year. \"No one can use these stretches and that forces people to drive in the wrong direction. The NHAI puts the blame on Haryana since it has failed to manage the sewage flow. But eventually, people who use the road are facing the problems,\" said Anil Sood of CHETNA, who had taken up the issue with the NHAI.However, all these don't give a clean chit to the NHAI. There are stretches in the Delhi portion, which don't have the service road. Though earlier the authority had claimed that a contract has been awarded for constructing a service road between Rajokri and Palam crossing, nothing is visible on the ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11708315", "title": "CBI raid at home of coal scam suspect", "text": "GUWAHATI: The CBI's anti-corruption branch on Tuesday raided the house of Nur Mohammad, former managing director of Assam Industrial Infrastructure Development Corporation (AIIDC), at Hajo in Kamrup district.Mohammad is suspected of being involved in an alleged scam - believed to run into over Rs 70 crore -involving diversion of subsidised coal, meant for small units of Assam, to the open market. However, the investigating agency, at the time of writing, has not recovered anything in the raid.In September, 2011, acting on the case (14/11) the CBI sleuth raided the residences of Mohammad's and coal trader Naveen Singhal, alias Naveen Gupta, at Survey area in the city. Singhal's office, M/s Mahalaxmi Continental Limited in Beltola area, was also raided by the CBI at that time.The CBI then claimed to recover Rs 1.2 lakh, papers related to 12 banks accounts, and some other land documents from Nur Mohammad's residence. The agency said the seized bank investment documents were valued at about Rs 1 crore. CBI had also recovered Rs 48,47,000 and $15,000 in cash, bank papers and other \"incriminating documents\" from Singhal's residence.\"This is a part of our investigation in a case where the AIIDC procured coal at subsidized rates to distribute it to the small units such as brick kilns and tea gardens in Assam. It, however, did not distribute this coal at all. Nur Mohammad is one of the key suspects in the case as he was in charge of AIIDC when the scam took place,\" said Hiren Nath, DIG of CBI (Guwahati).CBI sources said that in 2008-09, coal allotted by the North Eastern Coalfields Limited to AIIDC at subsidised rates was diverted, mainly to Punjab, instead of being supplied to the small units it was meant for. Investigations revealed that the AIIDC allotted the coals to eight fake firms.\"Preliminary investigations revealed that a section of Coal India and AIIDC officials misused their official positions and conspired with private parties to illegally divert the subsidised coal,\" said an official. He added: \"During that period, the normal rate of coal was Rs 5,850 per tone, but the cement company procured the same from the North East Coalfields at the rate of Rs 3,680 per tone.\"Mohammad had unsuccessfully contested the last assembly elections from Hajo constituency as an independent candidate after the Congress rejected his request for a party ticket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11712038", "title": "I don\u2019t suck up to anybody for work: Udita Goswami", "text": "She hasn't graced the screens for long and her past releases have sunk without a trace, but actor Udita Goswami is unfazed with the way her career is shaping up.Her career graph went downhill after the debut in Pooja Bhatt's 'Paap' but she insists there's more to her than just films. \"I don't suck up to anybody for work,\" she retorts, adding, \" In the film industry, you have to suck up to the director, producer and always say nice things about them, irrespective of the fact whether they are doing good work or not. There's no honesty in this industry, and I guess I am too in the face for all these things\".The actor who will be seen in upcoming film, 'The Diary of a Butterfly' is also busy creating work for herself. She is busy scripting a love story revolving around a relationship between an older man and a younger woman. \"I am writing my script in which I will be acting and co-directing as well. For the male lead, I want to have Naseeruddin Shah ,\" says Udita.Prod her about branching out of the Mahesh Bhatt camp and she explains, \"I was never part of any camp. I am too in the face to belong to any camp. I don't take films so seriously and I can't be nice to anybody just to get work at the end of the day. Infact, I don't even party or network,\" says Udita.Meanwhile, it is her dedication to realism that has surprised the industry insiders. After clocking commercial film like 'Zeher', Udita was last seen in the nightmarish'Rokkk' and 'Chase' where she plays a nurse. \"Despite being a good movie, 'Rokkk' didn't take off as it wasn't marketed too well. It's strange how publicity budgets are higher than the budget for making the film,\" she says.Another reason, reveals Udita, is that she stays away from multi-starrers. \"The only reason I agree to doing these films is because I can never play second fiddle to anybody. I am a queen in real life and I like to be treated like a queen in my films too,\" laughs Udita.However, the actor has a completely different take on item numbers. \"The reason why most actor's lookout for item numbers because it makes a huge difference. It's true most of the actors live more on shows and they can charge four to five times more after the song. Secondly, the item number instantly puts an actor in the top slot,\" explains Udita, adding, \"Katrina's Chikni Chameli was fabulous and I don't think anybody else could have done a better job\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11697796", "title": "I like Priyanka Chopra's work: Vidya Balan", "text": "Basking in all-round appreciation for her performance in 'The Dirty Picture', actress Vidya Balan has said she had her own share of questions about the role initially, but eventually the film turned out to be a life- changing event for her.In 'The Dirty Picture', directed by Milan Luthria, Vidya has portrayed the character loosely based on Silk Smitha, a Southern actress noted for her erotic roles.Asked if she was confident or sceptical about doing the movie, she said, \"I had my share of questions. There was one thing that I knew - that if I was going to do it then I must give it my all. If I felt I won't be able to give it my all then I won't have done the film.\"\"I am glad I did not let it pass and did this film because it has been life-changing for me in more ways than one,\" the 34-year-old maintained.Vidya has bagged the Best Actress trophy for 'The Dirty Picture' at almost all award functions, but ask which co-actor's work she admires besides her, and pat comes the reply, Priyanka Chopra.\"I like Priyanka...she is an actress whose work I like. She is always trying to do something different which I appreciate. I am not going by any of her particular performance but I like Priyanka.\"Vidya is touched by the appreciation coming from fans and industry friends. \"I feel humbled that people think I must get Best Actress award. My first award was for my debut (Hindi) film (Parineeta). It will always remain special. It feels nice to receive an award, it is a form of appreciation which remains with you forever,\" she said.This year, Vidya will be seen in Sujoy Ghosh's 'Kahani', where she plays a pregnant lady staying abroad, who comes to India in search of her husband.\"'Kahani' is a mystery film and I won't be wrong if I say that in Hindi cinema we have not had a mystery film for a long time. 'Kahani' is edgy, pacey and we have got great response from the promos,\" she said.Also Check:  Filmfare Awards 2011 Winners", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11707227", "title": "Woman\u2019s death triggers mild tension at Gandhi", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mild tension prevailed at Gandhi Hospital, the hub of junior doctors' agitation, when attendants of a 26-year-old woman who died on Tuesday alleged medical negligence.Usha was shifted to Gandhi Hospital from a Khammam-based hospital on January 29 in a critical condition. She had episodes of oral bleeding.Her treatment was initiated at Gandhi Hospital and investigations were carried out but on Tuesday, she suffered from internal bleeding all of a sudden and vomited blood. She collapsed soon after.Usha's attendants abused the treating doctor and alleged that senior doctors failed to attend to her.However, hospital authorities stated that she succumbed despite giving the required treatment. Hospital superintendent Dr S Mahaboob said that Usha lost a lot of blood and was critical.\"The patient was given due attention but the attendants felt that they were neglected. We are enquiring into the matter,\" said Dr Mahaboob.Meanwhile, with no response from the state government, the medicos have decided to hold a 'Chalo Hyderabad' rally on Wednesday.The medicos said that junior doctors from across the state will gather in Hyderabad in protest against the government's attitude towards their problems. Further, another set of doctors will sit on a hunger strike even as the other fasting doctors are continuing their fast under medical supervision.When contacted, health minister D L Ravindra Reddy said that the state government has formed a cabinet sub-committee on Tuesday to look into the matter.Including himself, the committee will comprise finance minister Annam Ramnarayan Reddy, primary education minister S Shailaja Nath and industries minister Geeta Reddy. The committee is likely to call the medicos for discussion on Thursday.YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy and Telangana Rashtra Samiti (TRS) supremo K Chandrasekhar Rao were among the ministers who visited the medicos on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11710610", "title": "Filmmaking is not a business: Abhinay Deo", "text": "Delhi Belly director Abhinay Deo rejects film offers from three leading production houses to concentrate on the Indian version of American TV series 24Filmmaker Abhinay Deo, after a successful 2011 with Aamir Khan Productions' Delhi Belly has decided to concentrate on one thing at a time. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Abhinay, despite being offered a lot of film deals by leading production houses, has decided to concentrate on Anil Kapoor's television series 24. In fact, the filmmaker has turned down offers from at least three leading producers in the Hindi cinema industry.Confirming that a lot of films have indeed come his way after the successful Delhi Belly, Abhinay said, \"Big offers are not something that you want to say 'no' to. However, the script is also important. If a film doesn't work, people will blame the director for taking up the project.\"Also, Abhinay revealed that he isn't one to work on numbers. \"I believe in what Aamir had once told me: Filmmaking is not a business. A good script is very important,\" added the director.Talking about his Best debutant award victory at Filmfare on January 29, Abhinay added, \"30th of January is my father's birthday. In my family, we make it a point of calling the birthday boy or girl at 12 o' clock sharp. And believe it or not, my award was announced at 12 o'clock sharp. At the time, I was talking to my father over the phone. It was the best moment of my life.\"Needless to say, the filmmaker after winning the award is looking forward to keep up with his last success. And thus, Abhinay is leaving no stone unturned to make Anil Kapoor's Indian 24 a success.\"The venture is still at a nascent stage. Anilji has just acquired the rights. Work on it is still going on,\" revealed the filmmaker.Though the project is yet to take off, Abhinay is ready to take on the challenge to recreate the popular American TV series for the Indian audience. \"As a filmmaker, making 24 for India is a challenge. But then again, there nothing that Hollywood can and we can't. The way 24 was accepted in the country reaffirms the fact that the series can indeed be recreated for the Indian audience.\"\"The television industry has still not entered the zone where the audience would accept Hollywood storylines as is. It has to be Indianised. The tastes and sentiments of the Indian audience have to be kept mind while recreating 24,\" added the filmmaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11707480", "title": "CIC orders disclosure of Sun Direct\u2019s shareholding", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Information Commission on Tuesday directed the I&B; ministry to make public information related to the details of shareholders of Sun Direct TV.The order came on an application filed by Vinod K Jose who sought to know the shareholding of Kalanidhi Maran and other stakeholders.The I&B; ministry had refused to make the information public arguing that the information was commercial in nature.Issuing the order, information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi said the information could not be seen as an invasion of privacy. His order said, \"In the instant case, details regarding shareholders of the third party may be personal information to the extent it relates to an individual shareholder only. It is also likely that such information may have been given to the respondent - public authority during the course of a public activity. However, disclosure of shareholding details of the third party cannot be considered as an unwarranted invasion on the privacy of individual shareholders or of the third party itself.\"This bench is aware that shareholding details as well as other information about an entity can be accessed on the registrar of companies website. Given that such information is already in the public domain, disclosure of the same by the public authority cannot be considered as an unwarranted invasion on the privacy of individual shareholders or the third party itself.\"The commission has asked for information to be made available before February 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11707802", "title": "Bangalore student electrocuted by landline", "text": "BANGALORE: Make sure your landline wire is not in contact with a power line. A 20-year-old student was electrocuted when he touched the telephone instrument at his home in Doddakallasandra in South Bangalore. Manjunath S Gopal had just finished his breakfast when the landline rang at around 7.30am on Tuesday.\"He shouted as he touched the receiver. We saw him writhing in pain. We shifted him to a hospital, where the doctors declared him brought dead,\" his mother said.Subramanyapura police say norms on height seem to have been violated while constructing the building where 20-year-old Manjunath S Gopal - electrocuted on touching a landline phone -lived . Manjunath's house is located on the second floor. High-tension electricity wires, connected to Banashankari power station, pass close to the building.\"It is true that high-tension wires caused the death. We are yet to verify which part of the building the wires came in contact with. We are initiating legal action against BSNL and Bescom,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11707566", "title": "BRTS to manage traffic better", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Commuters in the city will now have to get used to dedicated-lane driving as UT administration gets set to introduce Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) in the city for better traffic management.To begin with, the stretch behind the Secretariat in Sector 9 has been identified for a dedicated lane for emergency and heavy vehicles.UT chief engineer S K Jaitley said a joint cell of the engineering department and traffic police has been constituted to implement BRTS and it was decided to choose this road as a test case. \"To work out the intricate details of the project, it is being planned to rope in Punjab Engineering College (PEC) or an IIT,\" he said.The BRTS will be spread over 190.5 km with a total of 11 corridors. The bus service will also ferry passengers to the nearest metro station.After dedicated traffic lanes, the next step would be rationalization of local bus system and its augmentation. Steps for better traffic management and special facilities for pedestrians within entire network, especially in high-congestion areas by building pedestrian subways, footpaths and road furniture along the roads where necessary will also be taken.After alighting at the nearest metro station, a passenger will have the option of travelling to his house in an AC mini bus. To achieve this, the fleet of AC buses has to be increased substantially.The consultancy arm of Indian Railways, RITES, has prepared the comprehensive mobility plan, has assessed the long term requirements of public transport in the region including the movement of traffic on roads, bus service, population growth and density of areas.As part of the metro project, a total of 11 corridors for BRTS will be made operational. An integrated ticketing system has been proposed so that passengers are able to switch modes of transport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11706591", "title": "Cept varsity to host online placement this year", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Faculty of Planning and Public Policy at Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology (Cept) University will begin its 'placement-2012' from February 1. Along with regular campus placements, the 10-day-long placement will organize a special system for teleconference between students and recruiters as well.\"Unlike in past years, many organizations have shown preferences for conducting their recruitment process through tele-conferences and online video conferences. This appears to be a new trend,\" said Saswat Bandyopadhyay, placement chair of the faculty.The recruitment this year will see participation from around 30 recruiters including national and multinational organizations like Gujarat International Finance Tech City (GIFT), CRISIL, ATTKINS Global, Egies, Jones Lang Lasalle, ICRA-IMaCs, Liases, Unity Infrastructure, Water Sanitation Performance Assessment (PAS) amongst others will be participating in the process.More than 120 graduates from seven disciplines - Urban and Regional (URP), Environment (EP), Housing (HSG), Infrastructure (IP), Industrial Area (IAPM) and Urban Transport (UTPM) will be taking part in the placement.\"With the ongoing urban activities under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) and Rajiv Awas Yojana (RAY) and other new urban mission which are expected to come up, we are expecting a good placement this year,\" said Bandyopadhyay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11706547", "title": "Pathologists decry illegal labs", "text": "NAGPUR: Pathology laboratories run illegally by unqualified people may be posing a threat to the health of not just those who visit them but the entire neighbourhood, say pathologists. Not being registered with the civic authorities, these labs are not allowed to use the municipal body's facility for disposing off hazardous waste they produce, they said.Time and again, news of lab technicians and graduates running pathology labs has surfaced. An order by the Mumbai High Court in 2007 has said clearly that only those having an MD degree in pathology or a DCP (Diploma in Clinical Pathology) can run a path lab. The order had appointed police as implementing authority to see that the law is not broken. However, with more pressing issues, cops have not been able to crack down on illegal labs.\"Many times, people turn a blind eye to such practices around them without realizing how they affect their health. Nagpur Municipal Corporation only sends the agency to dispose the biohazardous waste generated from registered practitioners. Not being registered with NMC means these labs may be dumping waste just anywhere in the neighbourhood,\" said Dr Shailendra Mundhada, president of Vidarbha Association of Pathologists and Microbiologists (VAPM).\"Most people running these unauthorized labs have a Diploma in Medical Laboratory Technology (DMLT) or an MSc in biotechnology or biochemistry. As people with MBBS degrees and post graduate degrees and diplomas like MD, DCB or DNB, we spend years studying. But people with those degrees just study a couple of years,\" said Dr Atul Majumdar, secretary of Vidarbha Association of Practising Pathologists.Former lecturer of Government Medical College, Nagpur, pathologist Dr Pravin Gadkari believes low charges lure people to fake practitioners. \"But quality of service dips and erroneous reports increase if they keep on going to such practitioners,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11709742", "title": "249 candidates in fray after scrutiny", "text": "ALLAHABAD: As many as 249 candidates are left to contest on 12 Assembly seats. Twelve nominations were rejected or cancelled by district election officers after the scrutiny. In all, 261 nominations were filed.The final list of candidates is yet to be prepared as February 1 is the last date to withdraw names. Officials informed that three nominations each were cancelled in Phaphamau and city north assembly seats while four were cancelled in city south.Besides, one nomination each was cancelled in Phulpur and Koraon. The highest number of 27 candidates are contesting in Phulpur while 26 each will be trying their luck in Phaphamau and Karchana. Similarly, 25 candidates are contesting elections in Meja while 23 will be trying their luck in Bara. Besides, 21 candidates are trying their luck in Allahabad west. The number of candidates on other seats: Soraon (20), Allahabad West (18), Koraon (18), Allahabad South (15), Pratappur (16) and Handia (14). candidates would be contesting elections on February 15. Officials said that the highest 29 nominations were filed from Phaphamau assembly seat and three of them were cancelled after scrutiny. Meanwhile the list of candidates assembly-wise was released.City north assembly seat includes BJP: Udaybhan Karwaria, Samajwadi Party: Shashank Tripathi. Congress : Anugrah Narayan Singh, Bahujan Samaj Party: Harshvardhan Bajpai. From City south -- BJP: Keshari Nath Tripathi, Bahujan Samaj Party: Nand Gopal Gupta, Samajwadi Party: Parvez Ahmed, Congress: Jitendra Nath Singh. Lok Manch: Vijay Gupta. From City west BJP: Ramji Kesarwani, BSP: Puja Pal, Congress: Ravendra Prakash Ravi, Samajwadi Party: Jyoti Yadav. From Karchhana-- BJP: Anamika Chaudhary, BSP: Deepak Patel, Congress: Bhagwant Pandey, Samajwadi Party: Ujjawal Raman Singh . Fro m Pratappur-- BJP: Rang Bahadur Patel, BSP: Muztaba Siddiqui, Samwajwadi Party: Vijma Yadav, Congress: Shyam Surat Pandey. From Handia -- BJP: Vidhya Kant Tiwari, BSP: Ram Milan Yadav, Samajwadi Party: Mahesh Narayan Singh, Congress: Rajendra Tripathi, Pragatisheel Manav Samaj Party: Rakeshdhar Tripathi. From Koraon-- BJP: Tulsiram Rana, BSP: Rajbali Jaisal, SP: Deepanshu Kol, Congress: Kanhiya Lal Kol, CPM: Ram Kripal Kol.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11707451", "title": "Mamata's AFSPA promise a sham: Activists", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has come under friendly fire for her promise to repeal the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) in Manipur if Trinamool Congress is voted to power in that state.After party MP Kabir Suman accused her of shedding crocodile tears for Irom Sharmila, rights activists - who were once government-appointed mediators with Maoists - slammed her on Tuesday for making empty promises.Mamata's pledge to do away with AFSPA is little more than an electoral promise with no practical value, civil rights activists in Kolkata say.\"Mamata Banerjee has tried to woo Manipur voters with these statements but they have no practical value. When she has not succeeded in withdrawing the joint forces from Jangalmahal, how can she even think of repealing AFSPA even if she does win the mandate in Manipur?\" said rights activist Sujato Bhadra.The AFSPA is very difficult to do away with, Bhadra remarked. \"The Jeevan Reddy Committee, set up to review the Act after Manorama Devi's death in Manipur, recommended repeal of AFSPA but nothing happened. Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah has been fighting to repeal the act for several years but has not succeeded. The lobby in favour of AFSPA is simply too strong. How can Mamata even consider changing the situation at her level,\" Bhadra asked.Chhoton Das, who was a mediator between the government and the Maoists till Kishanji's death, remarked that politicians seldom keep their promises. \"Many of the statements made by politicians before elections seem to be very positive. At the end of the day, none of the commitments are kept. There is no exception to this. This has become a rule in this country. Politicians have a consistent record so far as breaking of promises is concerned,\" he said.Bhadra pointed out that Mamata had done nothing to release those detained under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Amendment Act in Bengal. \"During a meeting with us, the chief minister said that she would not be able to withdraw the joint forces from Jangalmahal but she promised to release the UAPA detainees. Though the crackdown under this Act has stopped, none of the detainees have been releases yet. In December, we sent a fresh list of people falsely implicated under this Act but the government didn't take any action,\" he said.On Republic Day, Kabir Suman had criticized Mamata for drawing a parallel between her 26-day fast during the Singur agitation and Irom Sharmila's epic 10-year fast against AFSPA in Manipur. \"The fact is the state government neither forced her (Mamata) to break her strike nor arrested her. On the other hand, Irom Sharmila was arrested by the Army in the beginning and then she was forced to eat by using tubes,\" Suman wrote in his blog.The singer-composer pointed out that Sharmila's name never once came up during Mamata's fast at Esplanade. Kabir Suman goes on to criticize Mamata's failure in withdrawing joint forces from Jangalmahal. In fact, most of his blogs in the last few months have gone against Mamata. He has written not only against the police firing at Mograhat that killed two persons but also composed a song for the farmers who have committed suicide due to debt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "tura", "code": "11708462", "title": "Two kidnapped power engineers untraced", "text": "TURA: The Hynniewtrep Welfare Association (HTWA) on Tuesday demanded adequate security to all citizens in militant-hit Garo Hills as thousands joined a peace march demanding release of two kidnapped power officials still remaining untraced.\"The state government should provide adequate security to all citizens so that peaceful co-existence among all communities is not disturbed in Garo Hills,\" HTWA president J Lyngdoh said in a memo to chief minister Mukul Sangma.The rally took place in the backdrop of two power engineers A Pothmi and B Majaw being kidnapped, allegedly by GNLA, to protest against \"poor power connectivity\" in the three \"impoverished\" districts of Garo Hills.\"The government should strengthen the security system to ensure that we are protected from being kidnapped and getting killed (by the militants),\" he said.Earlier, thousands poured in this western town asking the GNLA for their safe and early release. The peace march, supported by the United Christian Peace Forum , Garo Hills Sentinel For Human Rights, Mothers Union, MeECL Employees Union and students demanded the GNLA to release the two abducted engineers unconditionally and unharmed. Pastor Weterfied R Marak led the procession.The march began from Chandmary Playground and passed through Ringrey, Hawakhana and Tura market before ending at the office of the deputy commissioner, West Garo Hills. The NCP condemned the \"abduction\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11707426", "title": "Additional charge for BRABU VC", "text": "PATNA: BRA Bihar University vice-chancellor (VC) Bimal Kumar has been handed over the additional charge of the office of vice chancellor of Tilka Manjhi Bhagalpur University, according to a Raj Bhawan notification.The office of Bhagalpur University vice chancellor fell vacant on January 27 when K N Dubey resigned from the post on the instructions of governor-cum-chancellor Devanand Konwar.Dubey was asked to resign following his indictment by an inquiry committee headed by B B Lal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11707368", "title": "Rare manuscript most exquisite cultural history of Timurids: Unesco", "text": "PATNA: The Unesco's website says Tarikh-e-Khandan-e-Timuriyah is part of the most precious documentary heritage of the world, representing the most exquisite cultural history of the Timurids and their artistic genius which influenced not only India but the world as a whole.\"Though we plan to reproduce a digitized facsimile edition, the heritage manuscript won't be uploaded online. The hard copies are, of course, meant for circulation,\" library director Imtiaz Ahmad said and attributed the move to the fact that its inclusion in the MWR in May last year has generated renewed interest in it among scholars and history lovers.The Unesco's MWR programme, as per its practice, offered monetary assistance for safe preservation of the unique manuscript.\"But we did not accept it since we are adequately funded by the government of India,\" Ahmad said and added as early as 2006 the manuscript was identified as a 'Manuscript Treasure of India' by the Union ministry of culture.According to Ahmad, the manuscript is kept in an iron safe under double lock-and-key system with one key in his possession and the other in the possession of Patna divisional commissioner.The MWR items belong to 11 countries, including Bulgaria , Fiji , Guyana , Ireland , Japan, Mongolia and Morocco . It covers various kinds of material, including stone, celluloid, parchment and audio recordings. The register was launched in 1992 to \"guard against collective amnesia through preservation of the valuable archive holdings and library collections\" all over the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11706419", "title": "Sailor goes missing, gloom at home", "text": "NEW DELHI: Raneesh Ravi's family is in a state of shock - anxiety writ on his parents' face, huddled at a corner of their three-room government quarter at Sarojini Nagar. His 25-year-old son has gone missing on the high seas. It's been four days and there's no word from Raneesh, a third officer aboard the MSC Chelsea cargo ship. He called up home twice last week, when the ship dropped anchor at Cape Town. After the ship set sail, Raneesh could not be traced.Mediterranean Shipping, the company which employed him, has informed his parents about his absence. They are running from pillar to post, visiting various ministries for help. The coast guard at Cape Town has also been alerted.\"Raneesh called me on January 23. He said he had dinner and was doing fine. He again called his mother the next day. And that was the last time we heard from him. The shipping company said Raneesh was on duty till noon on January 24. On January 25, he did not report for work. His room was shut. A search boat was sent out, but failed to find him,\" said Raneesh's father, Revi N, a sub-inspector with Sashashtra Seema Bal (SSB).His younger brother, Rohit, said the ship was 155 miles off shore when Raneesh was reported missing. \"A captain from the shipping company came to our house and assured us that he will be traced soon. How can my brother go missing when the ship is on sail,\" Rohit asked. TOI made several attempts to contact the Mediterranean Shipping Company, but they were not available for comment.The facebook page of Raneesh is flooded with queries and messages from friends and relatives. There are messages like: \"Raneesh Ravi is missing from his ship MSC Chelsea. It's really depressing that no good response has been received from the company yet.\" \"Let's get together and call the company. Hope he is fine.\" \"We were roommates for a year. Please let me know in case any good news comes up.\"Raneesh loved travelling and was keen on joining the merchant navy. After completing his senior secondary examination, he undertook MSC training in nautical science and was hired by the same shipping company. \"We saw him off in December 2011, when he set out for Cape Town. He was happy. He never complained about anything when he was on board. The company has also been very supportive and has been reaching out to us,\" added Revi.Revi said that he has sought help from Union shipping secretary, K Mohandas, and defence minister, A K Antony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11706326", "title": "Three more held for Times building attack", "text": "Mumbai: The Azad Maidan police arrested three more persons on Monday in connection with the attack on the Times of India building on Saturday afternoon. In all, 30 people have been arrested since Saturday.The accused have been charged for rioting, vandalism and criminal trespass under several sections of the IPC. The court had rejected their bail application and they have been remanded in police custody till Wednesday.\"The complainants mentioned that about 150 persons were involved in the incident. We have been analyzing CCTV footage obtained from TOI to identify the rest,\" said Shashikant Satav, assistant commissioner of police (Azad Maidan Division).Sources in the police claimed that none of the rioters were from the Shiv Sena. Instead, all the men allegedly belonged to the Cooperative Banking Union, which is headed by Sena MLA Anandrao Adsul.Adsul's son, Abhijit Adsul, also a Shiv Sena MLA, condemned the article published in Maharashtra Times and said that it was a provocation for the union leaders. \"They respect my father and if someone writes a completely untrue report maligning his image, it is understandable they will lose their cool,\" said Abhijit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "malerkotla", "code": "11708051", "title": "Rival candidates claim victories, distribute ladoos", "text": "MALERKOTLA: Hours after the polling ended, SAD and Congress candidates distributed ladoos and burst crackers here, celebrating claimed victories.Former DGP Izhar Alam's wife Farzana Alam and ADGP Mohammad Mustafa's wife Razia Sultana were the contestants here. Both the leaders claimed that the turnout of 87.71%, highest in Sangrur district, would ensure their victories.\"The big turnout is a referendum against SAD as Sikhs and Hindus have voted in large numbers. All have voted for Congress\", said Razia Sultana. Villagers as well Malerkotla residents were unhappy with SAD and went with Congress, she said.On her part, Farzana Alam said, \"Malerkotla residents, feeling threatened by Razia, have voted for SAD. They came out in hordes to teach her a lesson for ignoring the town and its residents during the last ten years.\"Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11705307", "title": "350 sensitive polling stations for Zilla Parishad elections", "text": "PUNE: The district administration has declared 350 polling stations as sensitive for the zilla parishad and panchayat samiti elections in Pune district on February 7. About 25.47 lakh voters will exercise their voting rights, including 13.44 lakh male and 12.03 lakh female voters. Voting will take place at 3,984 polling stations.District collector Vikas Deshmukh on Tuesday said, \"As many as 300 candidates are in the fray for 75 seats in ZP, while 554 candidates are contesting the 150 seats in panchayat samitis.Preparations for the voting and counting are in the final stages. The work for randomisation of the electronic voting machines (EVMs) will be completed by Wednesday.The district will need about 5,000 EVMs, some procured from the state election commission. A staff of 25,000 employees will be deployed.\"The district administration has registered six cases of violation of code of conduct, including three in Mulshi and one each in Bhor, Maval and Shirur taluka.The administration has also issued orders for surrender of about 3,012 weapons across the district. Similar orders are also issued for the municipal areas going to polls. Deshmukh said violators will face action.Six dry days in FebruaryThe state government has declared six dry days in February during voting and counting of votes for municipal and Zilla Parishad (ZP) elections.The government has also asked the state excise department to keep a close watch on illegal transport and sale of illicit liquor in the district during election days.According to the state excise department, \"Dry days are announced on February 6, 7 and 8 for ZP elections; and later on February 15, 16 and 17 for the Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation elections. Dry days have been announced a day prior to voting day, the actual voting days and on the counting days.\"\"Liquor shops, wine shops, bars and permit rooms in rural/ZP areas will remain closed between February 6 and 8, while those in the municipal areas of Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad will remain closed between February between 15 and 17. Instructions are being issued to the officials to initiate steps for implementation of the orders,\" said an official from the state excise department.Instances of illegal trade of liquor may go up during election days in some areas. Officials were asked to take measures to restrict such practices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11706320", "title": "1,803 submit forms on last day", "text": "NAGPUR: There was a mad rush for filing papers on Tuesday as nominations closed for the corporation polling at the 72 Prabhags (cluster of 145 wards) Nagpur Municipal Corporation elections scheduled to be held on February 16.While, as many as 1,803 (of 11 zones) candidates submitted their nomination forms on Tuesday, 393 of them even purchased the form on the last day itself.City BJP unit chief and corporator Anil Sole, former mayor and BJP corporator from Ambazari ward Maya Iwnate, standing committee chairman and BJP corporator from Neeri Sandip Joshi, ruling party leader (BJP) Pravin Datke, wife of BJP corporator Baba Maind- Vishakha among others who filed their nomination forms.Most candidates took out huge processions disrupting traffic. Candidates who made to the Returning Officers' office by 3pm were allowed and the process of filing nomination went up to 5pm and beyond at some places.There was a lot of confusion as the seat sharing exercise of the major political parties including Congress and Nationalist Congress Party got delayed. Due to this confusion, many sitting and aspiring corporators reached almost after 12 noon.In anticipation of getting B forms from their respective parties, many candidates had already filed their papers. Many others, who waited in vain for the B form, filed their nomination papers as independents after learning that their claim for party ticket had not been accommodated.As a result the NMC officials, who were on duty to accept forms, had to handle huge rush of candidates in almost all the 12 zone offices across the city.\"To ensure forms were accepted in time, we had to give token to the candidates while accepting their nomination forms,\" said a senior official. After verifying the documents attached with the nomination forms, the receipts were distributed till late evening, added the officer.An independent candidate created chaos at the Dharampeth zone office when the officials refused to accept his nomination form as he reached late.Ashi Nagar zone office received the maximum number of forms (246), followed by Shanti Nagar (177), Narendra Nagar (166), Satranjipura (165), Nehru Nagar (160), Mangalwari (157), Lakadganj (149), Hanuman Nagar (133), Dharampeth (124), Dhantoli (109), Laxmi Nagar (88) and Gandhibagh (129).The highest number of nomination forms were purchased from Gandhibagh zone (60), followed by Ashi Nagar (49), Shanti Nagar (42), Dharampeth (41), Dhantoli (30), 27 each at Mangalwari and Nehru Nagar, 26 each at Laxmi Nagar and Hanuman Nagar, Narendra Nagar (24), Satranjipura (22) and Lakadganj (19). In these seven days, the civic body has sold 4,729 nomination forms. February 3 is the last date for withdrawal of nominations.Meanwhile, Ashi Nagar zone official has lodged an FIR against a couple Surekha Kamble and her husband Tulsi, both activists of Maharashtra Navnirman Sena for defacement of public property under Section 3 of Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "11706864", "title": "Two ISI agents held in Jaisalmer", "text": "JAISALMER: A joint team of Crime Investigation Department (CID) and Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) on Monday night caught two ISI agents from canal area here. These men had given money to the three spies who were caught last week in Amritsar and Ganganagar for spying for Pak intelligence agency ISI in Phalodi. The agents have been taken to Jaipur for interrogation.S Parimala, SP, CID (BI) Jodhpur zone said that the names of Ibrahim a resident of Bahla (Jaisalmer) and JJW Miner RD 20 resident Sikandar, son of Nawab Khan, came to light while interrogating the three arrested spies. During the interrogation Gulam Rasool said that the amount sent from Pakistan was handed over to him by Sikandar. Similarly, Allahbux said that Ibrahim brought him the money sent from Pakistan.The SP said during investigation it came to light that Sikandar's father Nawab Khan went to Pakistan six months ago, where ISI agent Jafria Chuda had given him Rs 50,000 that was to be given to Gulam Rasool. Nawab through his son Sikandar sent the money to Gulam Rasool.Similarly, it came to light that Ibrahmim was given money to be given to Allahbux. He has been arrested under section 8 for inquiry. ATS team brought Sikandar to Jaipur for inquiry, while Ibrahim is being interrogated in Jodhpur. One or two more arrests are expected in this case.Jafria Chuda was earlier caught in the border area in a spying case on March 15, 1997 in Jaisalmer. In this spying case, a few army officers and smugglers were caught red-handed while handing over confidential documents to Jafria.Jafria was then taken to Jaisalmer from Jaipur to be produced in the court, but he managed to escape on February 15, 1999. Later, the then SP Anil Paliwal after two months of hard work caught Jafria at Mohangarh border area.Meanwhile, the alert jawans of BSF caught a Pakistani intruder at the international border adjoining Bikaner in Rajasthan and handed over to police for inquiry.According to BSF Rajasthan frontier official sources a person at Bhagirathi border post of BSF at Satrana adjoining international border in Bikaner sector on Monday entered into the Indian territory while taking stock of Indian security system. The security party of 56th battalion challenged the intruder and caught him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11708091", "title": "Baby hangs by thread after brain infection", "text": "NEW DELHI: The two-year-old baby, who was admitted to AIIMS trauma centre two weeks ago with severe head injuries,has been diagnosed with meningitis - swelling of the outer layer of brain and spinal cord. Bacterial infection in her chest which spread to the brain through blood could have caused the life-threatening condition, doctors said. Her chances of survival have severely gone down, added the doctors.\"The child is suffering from meningitis. Tests conducted on the fluid that had accumulated in her brains have confirmed this. We are giving antibiotics to check the infection,\" said a senior doctor. He said a small channel will be created through her spine to drain out the fluid that is getting accumulated in the brain.Dr Sumit Sinha, associate professor of neurosurgery at AIIMS trauma centre said that infection remains a major concern. \"We are happy that the neurological status remains the same as on Monday. She is able to open her eyes and there is limb movement,\" he said.The culture report of the brain fluids and response to antibiotics will help doctors ascertain if she requires has to undergo another surgery, doctors said.\"Once we get culture report (of the fluids in the brain), the next 72 hours to 5 days (to Sunday) are very crucial for the child,\" said Dr M C Misra, the chief of the AIIMS Trauma Centre.The baby, on a ventilator, has undergone brain surgery twice since January 18, when she was admitted to the hospital in a battered and bruised condition. She was brought to the trauma centre with multiple injuries, including a fractured skull, human bite marks and a clot on the right side of her brain.Delhi Women and Child Development Minister Kiran Walia visited AIIMS on Tuesday. \"I met the doctors and ensured them that all possible help will be extended for treatment and rehabilitation of the child. Her condition is critical and right now our only wish is that she recovers soon,\" said Walia. The Minister said that the teenager who got the twoyear-old child admitted is herself a victim of sexual abuse and the government is looking into her case too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11707406", "title": "CIMP students get Rs 12L/annum package", "text": "PATNA: Two students of Chandragupt Institute of Management, Patna, Shipa Priya and Nandan Kumar have been offered jobs with a pay package of Rs 12 lakh per annum each by Tata Advanced Systems. The students were selected through campus recruitment.A CIMP release said the selection process of the company included aptitude test, group discussion and personal interview. The place of posting would be most likely Hyderabad. Last year, this company recruited Kirti, the topper of CIMP's second batch.Nandan, a native of a small Saran village, is B. Tech in electronics and communication engineering while Priya, a native of Bhagalpur, has done B. Sc from Patna Science College.CIMP's chairperson-placement Prof Ribhu Kumar said the placement cell provides enough job opportunities to the institute's students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11707280", "title": "Divisional offices out of bounds", "text": "On Tuesday, the last day of filing nominations in the city, all the divisional offices of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) were out of bounds for citizens, with the police taking measures to cordon off the streets leading to the offices. These measures were taken to prevent unruly elements from reaching the offices.295 nominations filed at Cidco NMC officeCidco's NMC office saw filing of 295 nominations - including those forwarding the party recognition forms for 24 seats across 12 prabhags. Comparatively, there was less rush as compared to the other days as almost all of the candidates had filed their nomination papers earlier. Since the party lists were declared on Sunday and Monday, the officially nominated candidates rushed to submit the party recognition forms.Nagarkar to go it alone in pollsOutgoing chairman of the standing committee of the civic body, Ranjit Nagarkar ( Shiv Sena ), also filed his nomination papers as an Independent candidate because he was not awarded candidature by his party. A first-timer, Shivaji Sahane, has been fielded in place of Nagarkar in the newly-formed multiple ward system 55 B (formerly 74). While senior Sena leaders refrained from commenting on the issue, Nagarkar said he will contest the elections as an Independent candidate.Stringent security at Jawahar BhavanStrict security measures were in place At Nashik Road's Devi Chowk area, which houses the NMC's Jawahar Bhavan office. Barricades were put up at Devi Chowk and at the entrances to the railway station to prevent vehicular movement in the area. The barricades were in place from 9am to 5pm as a security measure. The police restricted the groups from entering the area and only five people were let in at a time. The entire process was closely videographed by the state election commission and the police.Denied ticket, Doke to fight independentlyDeepak Doke, who had tonsured his head on Saturday in protest after being denied a ticket by the Republican Party of India (Athavale), on Tuesday filed his nomination papers as an Independent candidate from ward no. 25, where the official candidate from the Shiv Sena-RPI (A) alliance is former mayor Vinayak Pande.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11706342", "title": "Khandelwal's residence remained locked", "text": "NAGPUR: Over 24 hours after the warehouse at Chikhli layout in Kalamna collapsed, the city police have placed under arrest its owner Pramod Khandelwal. For much of the day, his whereabouts were not known. However, late in the evening he was placed under arrest.Kalamna police said he had surrendered at the police station. He told police he was at a hospital undergoing treatment for hypertension and other problems. He has been charged with causing death by negligence. The police are also interrogating the architect who designed and the contractor who built the warehouse.Two people died and close to 30 people are feared to be trapped after the 15,000-square-foot cold storage unit collapsed around 6pm on Monday. Ten people, including women and children, had been rescued.Khandelwal's residence at Quetta colony in Lakadganj was locked since Monday night. While the neighbours were clueless about his whereabouts, security guard claimed he had not seen Khandelwal's four-wheeler since Tuesday morning. Sources informed that Khandelwal walked out of the ill-fated building just minutes before it collapsed. His wife had come to the place and the couple stepped out to see a hospitalized relative. He left the charge of the office with his friend Pawan Kedia who is still missing and feared trapped.A labour contractor said that neither Khandelwal nor his relatives were willing to speak to him. Labour contractor Namdeo Tayde said, \"I was there with the labourers when the building collapsed. Luckily, I escaped but many of my labourers are still trapped. Since last night, I have been calling Khandelwal continuously but he has switched off his cell phone. We are not blaming him but at least he should come here and face the situation.\"Though the residents and nearby shop owners held him guilty, a few neighbours still stood by him. A shop owner of Quetta colony who refused to be named, said, \"The moment I heard about the incident I rushed to the spot. I then went to Khandelwal's residence, but he was not there.\"Another neighbour said, \"The couple is very kind by nature. They are always there to help their labourers and maids. Just around four months back the construction began and being an engineer, he was working very hard,\" said the neighbour.Pushpa Fating, whose husband is feared to be trapped under the debris, was seen waiting till late night at the Mayo hospital and again on Monday morning, she was seen at the spot waiting to get some news about her husband. \"It was his first day at work. It's been over a hundred times I have called the contractor who keeps asking me to wait and assures they will find him,\" said Pushpa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11707133", "title": "Harvard prof for govt role in education", "text": "Mumbai: \"I believe that countries where the population is in millions like India, there should be a government oversight of educational institutes,\" said Howard Gardner , professor of education at Harvard University , at a press meet here.Gardner, the father of multiple intelligences, is in India for a three-week visit. He said education should be more individualized and pluralistic.\"In countries like India there should be more of public institutions and a government oversight of institutions is necessary,\" Gardner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11706444", "title": "Building collapse: Hopes dim for trapped building collapse victims in city", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after the 15,000 sq foot six-storeyed warehouse-cum-cold storage at Chikhli layout in Kalamna belonging to Pramod Khandelwal turned into a heap of rubble in mere five seconds, local traders and the victims' kin are witnessing battles between multiple government agencies whose rudderless disaster management is prolonging the unprecedented tragic drama.After five labourers and one girl managed to escape immediately after the disaster, the rescue parties could rescue only five persons from the ruins in around 15 hours of struggle. The relatives of those still missing have had no solace since and their hope is dimming. Four persons who had suffered minor injuries were also taken to IGGMCH on Tuesday .Police on Tuesday evening arrested warehouse owner Pramod Khandelwal after he surrendered. He has been charged with causing death by negligence.The loss for the owner is expected to be more than Rs 10 crore. Some other grain traders who had stored their stocks in the warehouse have also suffered losses worth lakhs.The unplanned acts of the government agencies only aggravated the plight of relatives as even looting broke out at the site. The rescuers feel that the chances of others trapped under the debris are bleaker after being buried for so many hours under rubble and choked by gases release from cold-storage plant.More than 25 still feared trapped under debris.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11707951", "title": "Minimum temperature dips", "text": "KANPUR: The minimum temperature went down due to fast westerly winds on Tuesday. The day remained sunny.The minimum temperature was 3.5 degree Celsius on Tuesday, one degree less than previous day. The maximum temperature was recorded at 21.4 degrees.According to weather scientists of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, similar weather trend may continue till February 10.As per the data provided by CSA, the minimum temperature from January 27 had dropped by nearly 4 degrees. The minimum temperature on January 27 was 7.6 degrees while maximum temperature remained above 21.Similar trend may continue till the end of February. However, if rains occur, the denizens may witness one more round of chilly weather, predict meteorologists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11699999", "title": "Maryam to make a Bollywood debut?", "text": "Maryam Zakaria is the hottest bombshell in Tollywood right now. Her item number in \"100% Love\" went on to become one of the most popular hits of 2011 and the Swedish model even played a character in the film, \" Madatha Kaza\" starring Allari Naresh and Sneha Ullal.\"I would like to do both, item numbers as well as characters roles,\" says Maryam, who received an \"amazing response\" for her recent performance at a music awards ceremony. Her item song, \"Dilli Ki Billi\" in the Bollywood flick \"Sadda Adda\" is grabbing many eyeballs on the Internet too.\"I am happy with how things have turned out,\" says the lass, who just signed on a Telugu film, \"Arjuna\" opposite Rajasekhar. \"I'm very excited about the film. In the beginning of my Tollywood career, the language used to be a big problem. But I can understand Telugu now even though I can't speak the language. I hope I can speak soon too,\" she says.She is all set to announce a big project in Bollywood too. \"This is a very big move in my career. But right now, I can't divulge many details,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11706353", "title": "Revamp of railway stations on cards", "text": "NEW DELHI: His two-year tenure brought about revolutionary changes. The old Delhi railway station boasts of a new entrance, the New Delhi station wears a brand new look and complaints regarding passenger amenities have seen a phenomenal 70 per cent fall in the past one year. The man at the helm of this change - general manager of Northern Railway - S K Budalakothi, who retired on Monday, said the Delhi division will introduce a slew of measures in the next couple of months.The projects include the renovation of Sarai Rohilla station, the makeover of Gurgaon and Ghaziabad railway stations, construction of platform 4 at Anand Vihar and new lines in the greater NCR region. Another important project - parcel handling facility at the second entry of Hazrat Nizamuddin station - will be completed by the next financial year. However, Budalakothi said that some projects, like the upgradation of NDLS to a world-class station, are still at their nascent stages. While some projects are in limbo because of lack of funds, others are on hold as multiple agencies are yet to arrive at a decision.\"We have always wondered how the New Delhi station needs a new restaurant, same like the one at Old Delhi station. Hence, after we shifted the parcel room from platform one at the Paharganj side, we are offering passengers a state-of-the-art multi-cuisine restaurant which should open in the next couple of months. In addition to the new Jan Ahaaar facilities, this new restaurant should be helpful for long distance passengers,'' said Budalakothi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11707349", "title": "CM to open police games today", "text": "PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar will inaugurate the 60th All India Police Games at the Mithilesh Stadium here on Wednesday. As many as 29 teams from states, Union Territory and Central forces are participating in the games which will be held from February 1 to 5. ADG (law and order) S K Bhardwaj said that Bihar has been given a cluster of games, including volleyball, handball, kabaddi and basketball, for the first time to be organized on such a largescale.The mascot for the games is 'dolphin' which symbolizes its importance as a creature living in the Gangetic region. According to Bhardwaj, about 1,700 participants, including officials and referees, have already reached for the games. The largest contingent of participants is from Jammu and Kashmir which is 90 in number. However, only 13 participants have so far reached from Delhi, he said, adding the number of participants from Bihar is 67 this time. \"It is really a proud moment for the Bihar police to organize such a historic event at this stadium,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11708732", "title": "Cops on temple duty down with fever", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Following a fever outbreak, a 57 member unit of Kerala Armed Police III (KAP III) who was on security guard duty at the Sree Padmanabhaswamy temple was relieved from duty and sent back home on Tuesday.The police department pressed panic button after fever spread among the unit members at an alarming rate. Five officers are down with fever and undergoing treatment at the General Hospital. The rest of the officers have been directed to approach the Government Fort Hospital nearby.Police officers on duty alleged that the accommodation provided to the KAP III unit was in a dilapidated condition. They were forced to live in cramped shelters which caused hygiene problems which eventually led the fever outbreak. \"About 40 officers were squeezed into rooms that could originally accommodate just 10 persons,\" said an officer on condition of anonymity.On Tuesday, senior police officers, including DGP Venugopal K Nair, who also holds the additional charge of the security arrangements at the temple and city police commissioner T J Jose visited the out house where the fever-affected officers were accommodated. After inspection the DGP acknowledged the fact that the place lacked hygiene which would have caused the fever outbreak. Another unit of KAP III Battalion has set out from their camp at Anchal in Kollam and will replace the relieved members on Wednesday. The accommodation for them is arranged at the Armed Reserve Police camp in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11707110", "title": "'Naqi was in city at time of 13/7 blasts'", "text": "Mumbai: Investigations have found that Naqi Ahmed (22), arrested for aiding and abetting the 13/7 serial blasts, was in the city on July 13 last year. DNA samples from a rented room, where the suspected bombers lived, confirmed that Naqi had visited the place several times.Anti-terrorism squad (ATS) sources said Naqi, a BCom student, was in the city when the blasts killed 27 persons. \"He was staying at his elder brother's leather bag-making unit at Badlupura in Byculla. But he went missing from the bag unit between 11am and 7pm,\" a senior official said. The three bombs went off between 6.50pm and 7pm at Zaveri Bazar, Opera House and Dadar (W).Police sources said Naqi, who came from Bihar and studied in New Delhi, had arrived three days before the blasts. \"We are yet to establish if he was with the bombers that day. We have found clinching evidence to show that he was responsible for stealing one of the two scooters used in the blasts,\" the official said. The police believe that Naqi had visited Habib Apartments in Byculla, where the suspected Pakistani bombers lived for several months. \"He handed over the explosives to the bombers. His aide, Nadeem Akhtar, brought the explosives from Delhi and gave them to Naqi, who handed them over to the bombers in Byculla,\" he said.Police officials were tightlipped on whether they have CCTV footage to prove that he was responsible for the scooter theft. Several shops in the area, from where the scooter was stolen, are under CCTV surveillance. \"We don't want to disclose anything about the footage. We will tell our side of the story when we file the chargesheet,\" the official added.Police sources said that after Naqi and Nadeem stole two bikes near Grant Road and C P Tank, the vehicles were handed over to the two suspected bombers near JJ Junction. \"We have recovered the helmet of one scooter and a duplicate key of the bike from the arrested accused,\" the officer said.Police said the DNA samples show that he often visited the rented room in Byculla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "11712966", "title": "Amazon\u2019s sales miss estimates, profit drops 57%", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Amazon.com Inc , the world's largest Internet retailer, missed analysts' fourth-quarter revenue estimates and reported a 57 per cent decline in profit, dragged down by shipping costs and the money-losing Kindle Fire.Net income fell to $177 million, or 38 cents a share, from $416 million, or 91 cents, a year earlier, the Seattle-based company said in a statement. Sales rose 35 per cent to $17.4 billion, compared with an estimate of $18.3 billion.Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos is squeezing profit margins in search of growth, looking to add customers by pushing free shipping and offering its Kindle devices at cut-rate prices. That has conditioned investors to expect strong sales increases, making the latest results disappointing, said Colin Gillis, an analyst at BGC Partners LP in New York .\"To miss on the top line, that's what breaks the momentum,\" said Gillis, who recommends selling Amazon stock. \"The bull case just breaks down.\"Amazon shares fell as much as 11 percent in extended trading after closing at $194.44 in New York. The stock had gained 15 per cent in the past 12 months.First-quarter operating income may range from a loss of $200 million to a gain of $100 million, the company said. Analysts in a Bloomberg survey were projecting a profit of $268.1 million. Sales will be $12 billion to $13.4 billion, Amazon said, compared with an estimate at the top of that range.Third-party revenueMore of Amazon's revenue is coming from third-party sellers, which hawk their wares on its site. While those transactions carry higher profit margins, they don't bring in as much money as when Amazon sells an item directly. Unit sales by outside retailers increased 65 per cent during the holiday quarter and now make up 36 per cent of total units sold, Bezos said in the statement.\"Whenever there's a mix-shift toward third party, it helps margins, but it reduces revenue,\" said Colin Sebastian, an analyst at Robert W Baird &amp; Co in San Francisco . He has an \"outperform\" rating on Amazon's stock.The shift helped earnings top estimates last quarter, even with the sales shortfall. Analysts projected 16 cents a share. Still, the operating margin tightened to 1.5 percent last quarter, from 3.7 percent a year ago.\"Trying to predict during a seasonal Q4 is challenging,\" Tom Szkutak, Amazon's chief financial officer, said on a conference call. \"That third-party increase is great for customers, great for sellers and helped our bottom line.\"Amazon PrimeAmazon's Prime program, which offers unlimited two-day shipping for $79 a year, boosted expenses over the holiday shopping season, said Jason Helfstein, an analyst at New York- based Oppenheimer &amp; Co.\"With shipping, if you look at that net loss number as a percentage of revenue, it keeps going up,\" he said. \"They're trying their best to offset that in other ways.\"The Prime program is designed to lock in customers and encourage them to do more shopping in the long run. While that means money spent on shipping increases as a percentage of revenue -- to 8.4 per cent of sales in the third quarter from 7.6 percent three years ago -- those subscribers may spend at least three times more than regular customers as they become habitual shoppers on Amazon's site, said David Spitz, president of ChannelAdvisor, a Web-strategy consulting company in Morrisville, North Carolina.\"That ratio grows with the tenure of a subscriber, meaning that after a couple of years, a Prime subscriber may be spending six times or more,\" Spitz said.Kindle Fire The approach is the same for the Kindle Fire tablet. At $199, the device is less than half the price of Apple Inc's cheapest iPad. The expectation is that consumers will spend the money they save on Amazon's e-books and video content, Jordan Rohan, an analyst at Stifel Nicolaus &amp; Co, said in a note yesterday. That eventually will more than make up for revenue lost selling the device, he said.For now, Amazon's media revenue isn't growing as quickly as anticipated. U.S. media revenue climbed 8.1 percent last quarter, about half the 15 percent that Sebastian was predicting. A decline in video-game sales hurt the unit's results, Szkutak said.Investors had speculated that the company would get a bigger boost from a 15 per cent gain in industrywide holiday e- commerce spending, which ComScore Inc pegged at a record $37.2 billion.\"When you have revenue growth start to stall, then the valuation question marks start to rise,\" Gillis said. Amazon trades at 141.9 times earnings in the past 12 months, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. By comparison, Apple's price-to-earnings ratio is 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11706113", "title": "'Future bright if youth work hard'", "text": "AMRAVATI: Though US ruled the 20th century, the future is bright for India. However, to achieve this dream, youngsters must work hard, said Raghunath Mashelkar, general director of Council of Scientific Industrial Research. He was addressing the students at Techelons 2012, a national event organized by PR Pote (Patil) Group of Engineering and Management Institute on Tuesday.Speaking further, Mashelkar said that every person from a well-to-do family should adopt at least one student and develop him or her. The top scientist said that for achieving great heights in life, a person should adopt five qualities: hard work, confidence, will power, awareness about present issues and thorough knowledge of Indian history and movement.Father of Param supercomputer Vijay Bhatkar said that every person should be determined not to indulge in corruption. Science, technology and engineering have contributed greatly for the revolution in the country, he added. tnnThe coming era will be ruled by Indians only, said Bhatkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11708264", "title": "Youth dies of bullet injury", "text": "VARANASI: While a youth died of bullet injury, his brother was injured seriously in Kusarna village, under Jahanaganj police station, in Azamgarh district on Monday night.According to reports, Ajay Chaubey (30) and his elder brother Devendra Chaubey sustained bullet injuries in mysterious circumstances. Both were rushed to hospital where Ajay was declared brought dead. Seriously injured Devendra was referred to Varanasi. The police were investigating the matter.Girl dies: A 12-year-old girl, Ragini, was overrun by a truck near Misanchatti locality, under Narahi police station, in Ballia district on Monday. She succumbed to injuries at the district hospital during treatment on Monday night. The police seized the truck.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11707718", "title": "AG raps up urban local bodies", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If panchayati raj institutions in Himachal Pradesh are badly managed and lack accountability, then urban local bodies of the state are also not lagging behind. As per an audit report by the comptroller and auditor general for 2009-10, the urban local bodies in HP also indulged in incurring expenditure without proper approval, blocking funds, stalling projects and extending undue favours.The report states that even the water-supply rejuvenation project, which was cleared by the centre in 2009 was hit, courtesy Shimla municipal corporation. The project sanctioned under JNNURM was to be completed in March, 2010, but no progress had been made even by June 2010, and Rs 15.92 crore is lying unspent for reasons best known to the Shimla MC, which was the project implementing agency, states the report.The report further states that MC's failure to start construction of a slaughter house in Boileagunj in Shimla also resulted in blockage of Rs 6.51 crore. The ministry of food processing industries had approved the project in 2008, however due to local opposition and MC's failure to select a new site the project got delayed.The report adds that \"improper planning in execution of work resulted in blockage of Rs 6.51 crore and public was also deprived of the intended benefits.\" The CAG audit has also revealed that a number of municipal councils extended undue favours and executed work without getting the estimates approved.Parwanoo council after getting the estimates approved had started work for the construction of first floor of a building but allowed the construction of the second floor also without any approval and sanctioned Rs 13.97 lakh to the contractor, which was an undue favour, states the report. The urban development had directed the ULBs to raise house tax by at least 1% so as to reach the level of 12.5% but the instructions were not followed, resulting in loss of revenue of Rs 2.86 crore.The report adds that due to ineffective monitoring, Rs 4.85 crore remain outstanding as house tax in 11 ULBs. \"Non-recovery of house tax has deprived the ULBs from revenue, which could have been utilized for other developmental works,\" states the report.As per the report, 14 ULBs failed to realize the rent of shops from allottees amounting to Rs 6 crore. The report further adds that 5 municipal councils and 3 nagar panchayats incurred an excess expenditure of Rs 2.70 crore and failed to collect outstanding taxes to the tune of Rs 3.08 crore, which could have been utilized for taking up various developmental works.CAG audit further reveals that large chunks of funds sanctioned under Rajiv Gandhi Urban Renewal facility scheme for managing urban solid waste and development of public amenities and parks remained unspent. \"The pace of utilization of funds from 2006 to 2010 was quite low as out of sanctioned Rs 14.83 crore only Rs 7.04 crore of the funds and the rest remained unspent as of February 2011,\" says the report.CAG also reveals that majority of the works were either started late or delayed in completion and mostly the ULBs shied away from preparing detailed project reports and missed to launch the projects on priority basis. \"Solid waste management projects were the first priority under this scheme but were kept aside. Sanctioning of funds without obtaining DPRs also indicated system failure and all of this led to infructuous development,\" concludes the report.There is one municipal corporation, 25 municipal councils and 23 nagar panchayats in Himachal Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11706589", "title": "Vilasrao takes on alliance partner over defections", "text": "Mumbai: Congress leader and former Maharashtra chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh has targeted the NCP over the issue of defections.\"A political party does not grow on the support of defectors. In fact, once a defector, always a defector. They have no stability and whenever they get an opportunity, they shift loyalty for petty gains,\" Deshmukh said at an election meeting in Kolhapur-in an oblique reference to deputy CM and senior NCP leader Ajit Pawar-in the presence of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and MPCC president Manikrao Thakre.Deshmukh, who has been away from state politics since quitting as chief minister in the wake of the 26/11 terror attack, has been on a tour of rural Maharashtra for the zilla parishad elections. While the Congress has reached an agreement with the NCP for the civic polls, it will contest against Sharad Pawar's party in the zilla parishad elections. \"The real contest is in the rural areas. We are contesting against the NCP and are sure of winning,\" Deshmukh, currently minister of science &amp; technology and earth sciences, said.Deshmukh's statement assumes significance as the NCP seems to encouraging defections even from its alliance partner, the Congress. A week ago, former Shiv Sena MP and Hingoli district Congress committee president Shivaji Mane joined the NCP in the presence of Ajit Pawar. On Monday, former MLA Shankar Kambli joined the NCP in the presence of state party president Madhukar Pichad. Kambli, an ex-Shiv Sena leader, had joined the Congress along with veteran Sena leader Narayan Rane .It seems Deshmukh has chosen the platform of the zilla parishad elections to stage a comeback in Maharashtra politics. \"It's a well-known fact in Congress circles that not only Deshmukh, but also Union power minister Sushilkumar Shinde , is keen to return to state politics,\" a Congress minister said.In fact, once a defector, always a defector. They have no stability and whenever they get an opportunity, they shift loyalty for petty gains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "11708556", "title": "Teachers' body to start pen-down strike", "text": "ITANAGAR: Agitating teachers under the banner of the All Arunachal Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan Teachers' Association (AASSATA) are adamant to go on an indefinite pen-down strike from Wednesday even as the state education minister, Bosiram Siram directed the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) Rajya Mission to immediately release one month's salary at the enhanced rate to the teachers serving under SSA, an official said on Tuesday.Siram, during a meeting with the Arunachal Teachers' Association (ATA) and AASSATA said the state government had released an amount of Rs 25 crore towards state share under the SSA last week, based on which, the state will receive the central grants shortly. \"As and when funds from the Center are received, the arrears along with enhanced salary till March 2012 will be released,\" he added.The AASSATA had earlier given an ultimatum to the state government with a two-point demand, which included release of enhanced salary and regularization of the services of the 2003 SSA teachers' batch at one go. The minister assured that he would personally lead an AASSATA team and request the chief minister to create the required number of posts so that their services can be regularized at one go.Siram also requested the AASSATA to withdraw their proposed pen-down strike and urged the teaching community to dedicate themselves to educating Arunachalee students. He pledged full support to their cause.However, the association has refused to withdraw its proposed pen-down strike saying that it will continue the strike till their demands are fulfilled. \"Since our demands are yet to be addressed fully, the question of withdrawing the proposed indefinite pen-down strike does not arise. We cannot think of withdrawing our strike when our demands have been fulfilled only partially,\" the association said in a communique on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11708484", "title": "Students celebrate \u2018bus day\u2019, disrupt traffic on Anna Salai", "text": "CHENNAI: Problems associated with 'bus day,' which is illegal, returned to trouble hundreds of commuters and motorists in the city on Tuesday.Traffic on arterial Anna Salai was held up for over three hours during the morning rush hour as students of the Government Arts College in Nandanam forced their way into a bus on route 23C (Ayanavaram-Besant Nagar) at DMS stop in Teynampet, forced the passengers out and rode on top of the vehicle.As the bus reached the Accountant General's office, assistant commissioner of police N Raja Rajan, who arrived in a jeep, dispersed the boisterous mob in two directions. However, the students regrouped within minutes in front of Anna Arivalayam and pleaded with the officer to allow them to proceed. He agreed, and the vehicle proceeded on the left side of the road with a police escort to the college in Nandanam. Along the way, angry commuters, stuck in the traffic, were seen venting their anger on the students, most of who appeared to be drunk.The 'celebrations' in Nandanam had a cascading effect and from the Spencer's Signal till Nandanam, vehicles moved at snail's pace. Police presence, however, ensured that there was no untoward incident.'Bus day' is an annual affair in the city when students force their way into public buses and ride on top of them to their college. In recent years, such celebrations have led to buses being hijacked and damaged.Last year, 25 policemen were injured in an attempt to stop students of Pachaiyappa's College from hijacking buses, damaging them and disrupting traffic. The students hurled stones on the law-enforcers. The ritual was meant to be a sort of 'thanksgiving' to the crew of the buses that ferry the students to and from universities, but invariably, it has led to public property being damaged and caused massive traffic jams as the drivers are forced to crawl at a snail's pace. The city police, it may be recalled, were reprimanded by the Madras high court for not being able to protect the public from the inconvenience caused by students every year.Police commissioner J K Tripathy said, \"We have spoken to the managements of colleges and educational institutions and warned them that celebrating bus day is an offence as it disturbs commuters. Despite that if the rules have been violated stern action will be taken against the erring students.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11709687", "title": "I-T raids builders across Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Income tax department on Tuesday seized crores of rupees in cash after conducting raids on offices and residences of some prominent builders in Panaji.Sources in I-T department said searches which started in the morning continued till late night. Sources also said the raids were conducted more than 15 places in North Goa.\"I-T department has raided four builders from Panaji including a big name. Raids were conducted at six places in Panaji, five in Calangute, two each at Mapusa and Caranzalem among other places,\" sources added.More than 100 I-T officials were involved in raids, of which 60 had come from Karnataka and 40 policemen from Goa, including 4 police sub inspectors, were deputed.Sources said around Rs 25 crore cash has been seized from the houses and offices of the builders.The raid was conducted under the supervision of Belgaum additional commissioner of income tax Rajashekar M, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11710959", "title": "LG to launch triple SIM phone", "text": "So far, the triple-SIM phones segment has largely been dominated by budget phone manufacturers like Intex, Zen Mobile and Micromax. However, according to reports, Korean giant LG too is planning to enter the fray with a phone dubbed A290.According to a report in GSM Arena, the triple SIM smartphone-A290 will sport a 2.2-inch display with a resolution of 176 x 220 pixels. The candy-bar shaped phone is reported to measure 113.5 x 51 x 12.95mm. Other features include, 1.3 megapixel camera with flashlight and a 500 mAh battery.The report, however, doesn't confirm if users can keep their all three SIM cards active at the same time. A290 is expected to hit markets in Russia by late February for about 75 euros (roughly Rs 4,950).Though there are no details available on the phone's global launch, A290 may hit Indian shores considering the popularity of multiple-SIM phones in the country. Akai, Intex, Micromax and Zen Mobile are some of the companies who have launched their triple-SIM phones in India.LG reported on Wednesday an October-December operating profit of 23 billion won ($20.5 million). South Korea's LG Electronics Inc, the world's No. 2 TV maker, swung to a profit in the fourth quarter as its latest smartphone model helped its ailing handset unit post a small profit after six straight quarters of losses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11707912", "title": "BBMP plans to inspect Clarence playground", "text": "BANGALORE: The controversy over Clarence School's playground was raised at the BBMP council meeting on Tuesday. JD(S) leader Padmanabha Reddy suggested that the corporation make the playground a public one or build a stadium, but priority should be given to the school for hosting its activities. The mayor responded to the suggestion, saying the site will be inspected shortly.Earlier, MLA A Raghu said: \"The 2.65 acres of playground land was given on a lease in 1949 at 50 paise per year. Four acres of land has been allotted to a gym and to St Aloysius School near the playground . Now the road needs to be widened.\"Intervening, commissioner Shankarlinge Gowda said BBMP had written several letters to the school authorities to hand over the land.\"Any property can be leased for a maximum period of 99 years. Since the maximum lease period has lapsed, BBMP can take it back. However, legal action like issuing notice pointing out the expiry of lease notice or violation on part of the school authority should be mentioned. The ground cannot be used for other purpose other than it was allotted ,\" Gowda clarified.The school authorities had claimed that the BBMP leased the land perpetually.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11706063", "title": "Chargesheet against Jigna to be delayed", "text": "Mumbai: The supplementary chargesheet against journalist Jigna Vora in the J Dey murder case may be delayed for a week as investigating officer Ramesh Mahale is in Delhi preparing for Ajmal Kasab's case in the Supreme Court.The police are awaiting the forensic reports on Jigna's mobile and laptop. \"Whether FSL submits the reports or not, we will file the chargesheet soon,\" said a crime branch officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11709035", "title": "Sealing drive to begin in Noida today", "text": "NOIDA: Fearing action from the Noida Authority which has decided to start its sealing drive from Wednesday, commercial establishments operating out of residential areas in Noida have started shutting shop. The targets for sealing include banks.As customers made a beeline to empty their bank lockers - around 75,000 lockers had been cleaned out, sources claimed - the Noida Bank Residents' Premises Association planned to move court against the drive.The industrial sectors of Noida too received notices to stop violating the land use defined in their lease deeds.Noida Authority's sealing drive - set to begin today - will target real estate shops, fitness centres, beauty parlours, departmental stores and health clinics apart from banks opearting from residential premises. After a brief lull and detailed deliberations, the authority decided to start sealing of all commercial establishments from February 1.\"The drive will be four-week long and cover all establishments including banks, nursing homes and other businesses ,\" said an Authority official. \"We are also taking action against commercial units running in industrial sectors. If allottees do not conform to their land use stipulation, plot allotments can be cancelled,\" Anil Raj Kumar, addl CEO said.\"Following the December 5, 2011 Supreme Court ruling directing that all commercial activity in residential areas to be stopped forthwith, we had been surveying the city for unauthorized activities to bring them to book,\" said Kumar.\"We have now decided to launch a formal crackdown on all such establishments after serving the final notice to violators .\" Kumar said in the first phase of the sealing drive, establishments operating illegally in residential areas will be on the radar. \"Thereafter, industrial and institutional areas will be addressed,\" the ACEO added.Meanwhile, tension prevailed across the city. Several sectors where commercial activity in residential areas is rampant wore a deserted look with most shops downing shutters . \"We are not going to take a chance and have decided to pack up and move our stuff,\" said Bhupendra Singh who runs a courier agency from sector 12. \"Our landlord has asked us to move out. If we do not wind up our business, the authority will seal their premises,\" said Pawan Kumar, who runs a beauty parlour from sector 19.Also, some banks have written to the authority alleging that the scheme announced by them on January 25, was not feasible . The sealing drive is also drawing mixed reactions from residents of the city. Pankaj Bhatia, a property owner, feels the sealing drive is a move in the right direction. \"If this step is not taken now, a few years down the line there will be no place for people to live comfortably. Already there is an acute shortage of parking space in most residential areas due to commercial activity,\" Bhatia added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11708017", "title": "Ticket to mega fashion event", "text": "LUDHIANA: It wouldn't get better than getting hands on experience at one of the best fashion events of the country for a fashion student. The five budding designers from Inter-national Institute of Fashion Designing (INIFD) would never forget this Tuesday as they got a call confirming their participation in a major fashion week of the country scheduled from March 2-6 in Mumbai.Vishesh Bansal, Dharmanshu Kalra, Piyush Malhotra, Sweeze Pruthi and Neha Kanozia would be a part of the implementation team working on the management of the high profile event. The lucky five sat together on Tuesday to discuss the new project they had in their hands.Vishesh, a resident of Dal Bazaar, said they were selected after an extensive telephonic interview conducted with some INIFD students. Kitchlu Nagar resident Dharmanshu said he has been fascinated with fashion industry since childhood and used to watch these shows on TV screen all the time. \"Never thought I would be a part of one such event and I am quite excited about the opportunity,'' he added.Piyush of Kitchlu Nagar feels luck favoured him yet again as he had got a chance to be at the fashion week last year as well. \"I had learnt a lot from this show last year and will share my experiences with the other four so that, we can prepare for our job in advance,'' said Piyush. Agar Nagar resident Sweeze said her experience at the Punjab International Fashion Week would help her deal with this show.Neha, who resides at Subhani Building, said they would face a formal face-to-face round before being taken on board. \"Apart from meeting the who's who of modelling industry, we would also go sightseeing in Mumbai,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11708717", "title": "City police start tracking ghee trail", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After seizing more than 1.5 tonness of ghee from Motera, the city police have started tracking the spurious ghee to various shops and venues . Police suspect that more than 1 ton of the ghee has already been distributed .According to Chandkheda police officials, they seized 70 tins of spurious ghee from Rabari Vaas in Motera on Monday during a raid on the basis of a tip-off . Police also arrested Ashwin Patel, a resident of Chandkheda who had hired the premises .Police also found large utensils and goods such as colour and essence used in the process of producing the concoction of vegetable ghee, desi ghee, soy oil, artificial colour and essence. S B Trivedi, inspector of Chandkheda police station, said that in his statement Patel told police that he had sold the tins to retailers who would brand it and sell it in the open market or to consumers placing large orders such as caterers and hotels.\"We have started tracking the places where Patel had supplied ghee. We are hopeful of recovering unused stock from such places so as to prevent any damage to public health,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11709633", "title": "Shripad still unsure of Porvorim ticket", "text": "PANAJI: North Goa MP Shripad Naik who returned from New Delhi on Tuesday, met central leaders of the party but it is still not clear whether the Porvorim ticket will go to him for the March 3 assembly polls. \"The high command will take the decision\" was his reply.This was Naik's second trip to New Delhi in less than two weeks. Proposing his name at the state level and opposing it in the national capital has rattled the rank and file of the party and specially Naik's supporters. The party leadership is trying hard to come out of it but is find itself caught in a situation divided by the Bahujan Samaj factor.According to Naik's supporters, a message has gone out to the masses which has a caste connotation. And the Congress party on Monday tried to fan the flames with Rajya Sabha MP Shantaram Naik saying that BJP \"is trying to crush the emergence of Bahujan samaj leadership in the state.\"Realising that the statement was affecting its image, spokesman Vishnu Wagh denied that the BJP has neglected the Bahujan Samaj. Central leader Venkaiah Naidu too argued that the party has always protected the interest of OBC and that it is the Congress which has failed on that front.To take the caste controversy further, the BJP on Tuesday filed a complaint with the Election commission of India against Shantaram Naik for violation of code of conduct.Vice president Wilfred Mesquita said in the letter that the use of caste, creed and religion in election campaigns is not only highly objectionable and against the law of the country but it also violates code of conduct of election. He has demanded \"stringent action\" against Shantaram Naik for the statement.Meanwhile, in Porvorim, the BJP is planning to give the ticket to a member of Bhandari samaj if Shripad Naik doesn't get the ticket. Sources said the names of spokesman Govind Parsekar and Mahanand Asnodkar are being considered for the ticket", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11706705", "title": "Importance of SSC board exam has reduced: GSHSEB", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A day after the 70:30 system of marking SSC students from 2013 was given clearance, five board members have made a representation to the Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Board (GSHSEB) officials on Tuesday saying that schools should be handed over the responsibility of conducting class 10 board exams.Members said that after the school comprehensive evaluation was introduced in class 9 and following the latest change, it is best that the board does not conduct the exams at all.\"Importance of SSC board exam has reduced as only one lakh students take admission in technical courses post SSC. The technical board can conduct the entrance exams for these students. Once the board does not take the SSC exam, it will take away huge burden off the students as well as result in saving money for the board,\" the members have submitted.The members also said the decision will also lead to parents saving up on tuition money and also ensuring that students attend school till April instead of December when most students embark on a self-imposed study leave to prepare for the exams.The representation will be made in the forthcoming general meeting of the board, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11706709", "title": "Congress threatens agitation", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee(GPCC) has accused Modi government of corruption at various levels of administration. The party has sought explanation from BJP and also threatened to launch an agitation that will be held at various parts of the state between February 6 and 20.GPCC president Arjun Modhwadia alleged that the government is involved in 17 scams amounting to Rs 1 lakh crore, including large-scale corruption in Narmada project .On Tuesday, local Congress MP Gyasuddin Shaikh in a letter to state health minister Jay Narayan Vyas appealed that poor patients admitted to corporation-run hospitalsbe given free treatment and medicines. TNNThose holding BPL cards should get free treatment in other government hospitals also, he said. All poor and middle class patients in government hospitals should be given free", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11708357", "title": "This couple tends to mongrels 365 days a year", "text": "GURGAON: Forty-two-year-old Nadir Khan, a nature lover, makes it a point to feed around 1,800 stray dogs in Sectors 56, 57 and Sushant Lok, Block C, every day. Khan, a resident of Sector 57, has not only been tending to dogs for many years now, but also taking care of other stray animals like cattle, injured birds, etc whenever he finds them.Nadir is supported by his wife Pia Sethi (41), ecologist with a Delhi-based NGO, who helps him feed the animals. Every day, the couple leave their home around 7am and visit 15 spots in the neighbourhood in their van. They carry medical aid and porridge containing meat for the animals. Khan says that dogs, being territorial by nature, wait in their areas for them.Khan, a senior executive with a Delhi-based logistics firm, spends a major part of his income - around Rs 40,000 - in feeding and treating strays. Khan says, \"I can't afford to take leave from my duty for even a single day as it would mean the animals will go hungry on that day.\" One thing which makes Khan most happy is the fact that all the dogs in the area are sterilized and vaccinated against rabies. \"As compared to other neighbourhoods, the number of puppies born here are much less. Sterilization helps in keeping dogs healthy,\" says Khan, adding that residents are also supportive of his work.Many Gurgaon-based animal rights NGOs assist Khan in providing medical aid free of charge. Besides that, veterinarian Dr Anuj Synghal, one of Khan's close friends, helps him treat dogs and other stray animals. Khan started feeding dogs in 1998, when he had first come to settle in Gurgaon. It began with feeding a few puppies he came across on his way to buy milk. Since then, he has continued to tend to these animals and today he and his wife take care of nearly 1,800 dogs. The couple have also given shelter to seven dogs in their own house. In their own words, \"the dogs have become a part of our family.\" However, the couple's love for animals does not end with just dogs; they never shy away from treating injured donkeys or cows or even birds. \"There is a bird hospital in Gurgaon which is doing a fantastic job in treating birds,\" Khan says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11706314", "title": "Congress-NCP rift narrows down to two seats", "text": "NAGPUR: Utter confusion prevailed in the talks between the Congress and the NCP over seat sharing for the February NMC elections for which they have struck a pre-poll alliance.Even as the deadline for filing of the nomination papers ended on Tuesday, leaders of the two parties were camping in Mumbai as the talks were inconclusive.Congress leaders claimed that they had identified the 29 seats to be given to the NCP. But NCP leaders said they were not happy with those. \"While 22 seats were cleared, dispute remains on five seats which will be resolved in a meeting on Wednesday in the presence of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar,\" sad Anil Deshmukh, who heads the NCP local selection board for the NMC polls. An NCP source said the dispute is essentially in two seats - Nehru Nagar in South Nagpur and another seat in West Nagpur assembly segments on which both parties want to contest.Congress AICC general secretary Vilas Muttemwar who is tasked by the Congress to steer the NMC elections said: \"As far as we are concerned the NCP seats have been identified. Now the Congress has to finalize its own list of around 102 candidates after leaving the NCP quota of 29 and five for the RPI factions.\" He said it would be done on Wednesday.In the absence of both parties failing to declare their official nominees, utter confusion prevailed here leading to a large number of aspirants from both the parties rushing till the last minute to file nominations which closed on Tuesday at 3 pm. The election officials could barely collect the forms and unable to check them properly before the deadline.While over 4000 forms were sold around 1200 nomination papers were filed for the 145 seats of the civic body. Now the Congress as well as the NCP may have a tough time getting those candidates denied the official nomination getting out of the electoral fray. February 3 is the last date for withdrawal of nominations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11708470", "title": "Non-Cong parties will form next govt: MPP leader", "text": "IMPHAL: Former Union minister and leader of Manipur People's Party (MPP) Thounoujam Chaoba has stated that the next government would be formed by non-Congress parties.On Saturday, Manipur went to the polls to elect 60 legislators - 40 in the valley and 20 in the hills.\"The ruling Congress will bite the dust in the just concluded polls. According to our assessment, Congress would hardly win 10 seats in the valley areas. This means that the remaining 30 seats would be grabbed by non-Congress parties,\" Chaoba said at a media conference here on Tuesday evening.\"The like-minded non-Congress parties, which would come out victorious from the hills, would definitely join the opposition front to form the next government,\" he added. The MPP is one of the key member of the People's Democratic Front ( PDF), the grand pre-poll opposition alliance set up to take on and defeat the ruling Congress. Other members of the front are NCP, CPI (M), JD(U) and RJD. The front fielded its common candidates in 43 constituencies.Though BJP is not a member of the front, the party and MPP shared seats in some constituencies, including Thoubal, the home constituency of chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh. Chaoba, who contested from Nambol constituency in Bishnupur district, alleged that some Congress workers and the brother-in-law of his arch rival candidate, N Loken Singh, who is also a minister, threatening his workers.\"On false charges of having nexus with underground organizations hurled by these men, our workers and even my election agent were pulled up by the police but after proper verification they were released later. We urge the DGP to hold a probe into the reign of terror unleashed by them and take necessary legal action,\" said Chaoba.On Monday, BJP national general secretary Tapir Gao ,while expressing strong confidence of winning 45 seats by the opposition parties, urged non-Congress parties to unite for taking on the ruling Congress.Elections 2012 NewsManipur Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11711048", "title": "Mika records for 'Bittoo Boss'", "text": "Singer Mika recorded for the title track of Viacom 18 Motion Pictures and Wide Frame Pictures' Kumar Mangat Pathak and Abhishek Pathak's movie Bittoo Boss on January 31st in Mumbai at a recording studio.The song 'Bittoo Sabki Lega...' will now be heard in Mika's chartbuster voice adding the zing to the already catchy tune. Present for the recording were Kumar Mangat, Abhishek Pathak, actress Amita Pathak, actor Pulkit Samrat, director Supavitra Babul, music composer Raghav Sachar and Bhushan Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11708683", "title": "Indian ideas power US business innovations", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After lagging for years, India has now taken a lead in the business of ideas. Over 50% of total patents filed for industrial innovations in the US have Indian brains behind them, says a study by Indian Institute of Management , Ahmedabad (IIM-A ).Foreign firms, including research and development (R&D; ) centres, have increased their dependence on all-Indians teams - a trend reflected in the number of Indian inventors in patent applications filed by foreign companies in India and abroad in recent years.The study 'Foreign R&D; Centres in India: An Analysis of their Size, Structure and Implications' measures the contribution of multinational companies in the generation of innovations from India . The trend suggests maturing of Indian researchers and the fact that local researchers are the most important sources of ideas for R&D; projects for foreign companies in India, according to the study.The authors, IIM-A faculty Rakesh Basant, along with Sunil Mani from the Centre for Development Studies, Trivandrum , conducted a survey on a sample of 120 MNC R&D; firms, the bulk of which were set up after 1990.The study also says foreign R&D; centres seem to have become the locus for creating 'reverse innovations' , which means innovations that are first created in India by these centres and then exported back to their parent firms for use both in developed and developing country markets.Majority of the R&D; centres are either subsidiaries or branches of US-based MNCs and one industry where they are extremely active is the ICT sector. \"Over time, 50-66 % of the total US patenting of industrial innovations are recorded in India, conducted through these centres,\" says the study.According to private estimates , the number of foreign R&Ds; operating in India till December 2011 was about 900. The R&D; expenditures by foreign companies have shown a robust increase from Rs 286 crore in 2002-03 to Rs 2883 crore in 2009-10 . Moreover, the share of foreign companies in total R&D; has increased to around 20 per cent according to the most recently available estimates, says the study.Finally, the study suggests that in order to get spill-over benefits of MNC R&D; activities in India, R&D; policy should be enhanced. \"India does not have any explicit policies to promote FDI in R&D; although there exists in the country a number of policy instruments, fiscal and otherwise , for promoting FDI and incentivising the conduct of R&D; ,\" the study says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11708306", "title": "MCG starts process of taking over colonies from builders", "text": "GURGAON: The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) has initiated the process of taking over private colonies from private builders after repeated complaints by the councillors and residents about the pathetic condition of facilities provided by these builders.According to the municipal commissioner, a report detailing all the colonies has been sent to the state government and, once the formalities are over, these areas will come under the ambit of the MCG. \"According to the rules, the private builders have to hand over the colonies to the civic agencies after five years from the time they receive the completion certificate. However, almost all of them have flouted the rules and have not handed them over to us even though some of these colonies are over two decades old. We will soon ask each of them to submit a list of facilities they are providing to the residents and will set a date for them to hand over the colonies to us. The basic reason why they delay in giving them to us is because they don't want to earn from the maintenance fees they collect from the residents,\" said an official. This should come as a relief to the residents and those councillors who represent their wards.\"Over 80% of ward area comes under private builders and there is absolutely no way in which I can carry out development work because these colonies do not yet come under the realm of the MCG. And surprisingly, neither the MCG officials nor the councillors seem to be in a hurry to ensure that the private builders hand over the colonies to MCG. If the officials are not serious about the issue, I guess there was no point in having municipal elections in the ward. I have repeatedly raised this issue in the House meeting but nothing much has been done and I am thinking of approaching the court,\" said councillor Rama Rathee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11708828", "title": "Police step up security to tackle Michael", "text": "PANAJI: With \"inter-state criminal\" Michael Fernandes-suspected to be involved in over 50 criminal cases in Goa, Karnataka and Maharashtra-claiming to the police during interrogations that \"he will escape from police custody or commit suicide\", the police have tightened security.Porvorim police also made an application to the judicial magistrate first class, Mapusa, to issue an order that the police should be permitted to handcuff Fernandes whenever he is taken out of jail. \"The court has granted permission for the same. Also, to ensure that he doesn't do anything while in police lock-up, we have posted two guards round-the-clock outside the lock-up. The staff has also been warned to stay alert or face suspension if Fernandes escapes again,\" said sources.Fernandes was arrested hours after he allegedly robbed a house in Porvorim at gun point, along with friends Anil Yadav and Vijay Swami, on Friday. While Yadav and Fernandes were picked up from Ameyvada, Khandola in Ponda taluka, Swami was arrested from Assagao in Bardez taluka.Fernandes, who escaped twice from police custody, said his modus operandi was to strike in Goa and move out of the state. \"He operates in Kolhapur, Karwar, Sindhudurg and Belgaum,\" said Yadav.Fernandes had started as an auto thief, graduated to a chain snatcher and is now a dacoit. \"We suspect his involvement in two-three robbery cases in December 2011,\" said the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11706528", "title": "New Zealander held with cartridges at Udaipur airport", "text": "JAIPUR: A 21-year-old tourist from New Zealand was caught in possession of pistol cartridges at the Dabok airport in Udaipur on Tuesday. The youth was not carrying valid arms license and was booked under violation of the Arms Act.The immigration authorities, during the security, check found three cartridges of .22mm pistol from Harper Alexander's bag. An alarm was raised, and the authorities handed him over to the Dabok police.\"We have booked him under appropriate sections of the Arms Act. He claimed that he had a licensed .22 pistol and these cartridges belonged to the pistol. On that, we asked him to produce the arms license. However, he could manage to produce a photo copy of the document which is invalid,\" said Parabat Singh, circle inspector, Dabok police station.According to police, Harper along with his two friends had landed in New Delhi on January 23. From there, he travelled to Agra, Ranthambore, Puskhar and reached Udaipur on Monday by road. He was scheduled to board a flight to Mumbai on Tuesday evening.\"In his statement, he claimed that while packing his bags for India, he had unknowingly left the cartridges in the hand bag,\" said Singh. \"His friends are trying to get the original license through courier. As soon as he produces it in the court, he will be allowed to leave,\" he added.Alexander will be produced before the court on Wednesday.According to the sources, the tourist had also offered a \"written apology\" before the police to let him go.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11707648", "title": "IRCTC putting finishing touches 'Bharat Darshan 2012' special tours", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Planning a religious pilgrimage to places like Madurai, Rameswaram, Ujjain, Mathura, Dwarka and Somnath among others from Chandigarh and Ambala Cantt railway stations is set to become easier this year with Indian Railways Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) putting finishing touches to its ambitious 'Bharat Darshan 2012' special tours.Officials stated that this year Tricity residents would get a chance to travel to more religious and historical places than ever before.Speaking to TOI, IRCTC chief regional manager R K Sondh said, \"IRCTC is planning to link Chandigarh and Ambala railway stations with around 19 special Bharat Darshan trains.Last year was an experimental year in which we gauged the response of the passengers and that has prompted us to make a claim for more trains for the region.\"He said, \"Earlier the Bharat Darshan special trains used to start from New Delhi and therefore did not appeal to many religious travellers from Tricity. However, the response we got for the special trains to Shirdi, Goa, Ajmer and Jammu has allowed us to plan ever more expansive tours of various religious and historical places in the country.\"Sondh added that IRCTC would be adding more destinations to the tours during the year and that tie-ups with other IRCTC centres across the country would take place to facilitate such tours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11708506", "title": "Talks on to resolve port cabotage woes", "text": "Kochi: Union minister for shipping G K Vasan has said that in-depth consultations are on with stakeholders to find a solution to the problems caused by the cabotage rules to the International Container Transshipment Terminal (ICTT) at Vallarpadam, 'within a time-frame'.Responding to questions from TOI in Chennai the minister said, \"The purpose is to bring every one on board for a solution. As a minister I am interested in finding ways and means to resolve the issue. I have been consulting people and having continuous discussions. We will work out a win-win situation soon,\" he said. Meanwhile, the Union shipping secretary K Mohandas said that initiatives have been launched at the PMO level to resolve the row over customs inspection of the cargo being handled at the port, by February 15. Opening of a customs freight station near ICTT in February will be another factor that will help mitigate problems.Prime minister's principal secretary Pulok Chatterjee had convened a meeting of the secretaries of the ministries of shipping, commerce and revenue last week to resolve the issues between officials of customs department and the Cochin SEZ.Cabotage rules stipulate that only Indian feeder vessels can move cargo from one Indian port to another. Mother vessels find these a disincentive and opt for ports like Colombo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11708411", "title": "Cop wades into Cooum to pull out drowning man", "text": "CHENNAI: It's not everyday that you meet a policeman who would go into the Cooum to save a drowning man. Thirty-eight-year-old traffic police head constable K Ravi did just that early on Tuesday.At 5.30am, Ravi was going along EVR Salai Bridge, en route the Anna Arch near Anna Nagar to report for duty, when he saw two people looking down into the river. \"I stopped my bike and asked them what was going on. They said someone had fallen in and that sounds could be heard,\" said Ravi. The constable couldn't see anyone as it was dark but could hear a voice shouting for help. He went down to see what was happening and informed the ambulance service and police control room. \"There was no light and I could only see the head of a man pleading for help. From his voice, I could make out he was an elderly person. He was shivering as he was in the water for 15 minutes and his leg was stuck in the slush,\" said Ravi.The constable then took a log and from the bank, extended it to the old man. However, \"He told me his hand was broken and he was unable to lift it. I did not know what to do. I walked into Cooum and stood in hip-deep water and slush to hook his collar with the log. I pulled him out slowly,\" said Ravi.The man, Prabhu of Vyasarpadi, was shaking. \"I covered his body with a gunny bag and carried him to the main road. An ambulance had come by then,\" Ravi said. \"Locals brought buckets of water and washed Prabhu's body.\"Ambulance staff refused to take him in saying he was dirty. The residents then cleaned him thoroughly. \"Before the van started, Prabhu called me and thanked me profusely. His body was shaking and there were tears in his eyes,\" said Ravi.\"There is a narrow passage connecting the old and new bridges on EVR Salai. Prabhu, a mason, was walking along the passage when he slipped and fell in. He told me his eyesight is poor,\" said Ravi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11708141", "title": "Drug trials : MP chief secretary fails to report to NHRC", "text": "INDORE: The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC)'s order to the Madhya Pradesh chief secretary to report to it the details of the controversial human drug trials in Indore, has run into a procedural wall.Taking suo motu cognisance of a TOI report on drug trials conducted on 233 patients of the government-run mental hospital attached to the Mahatma Gandhi Medical College in Indore, the NHRC had asked the chief secretary to furnish the details by last Tuesday. But the latter has not obliged, maintaining that the laws allow the concerned doctors to keep all details of the trials confidential.Forty two of these patients were given Dapoxetine, a drug to cure premature ejaculation. However, an earlier report of the Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) had said they were not mentally ill, but were seeking psychiatric help for premature ejaculation.Among other points. the NHRC had also specifically asked the MP chief secretary to report if the doctors had followed Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) guidelines, while conducting the trials on the basis of approval obtained from independent ethics committees attached to private hospitals _ bypassing the medical college's own institutional ethics committee.The chief secretary, Avni Vaishya, told TOI that he was not in a position to submit the report.\"The doctors have kept the trial documents under wraps. The details are confidential according to the laws for the conduct of clinical trials. Only central regulatory bodies such as the DCGI or MCI can investigate the matter,\" he said.The NHRC, however, has decided to press the issue. NHRC spokesperson Jaimini Kumar Srivastava said the commission will write to the chief secretary again. \"We have not received any communication from the chief secretary as of now. The time allowed to submit report has lapsed. We are going to write again asking to submit the report at the earliest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11706576", "title": "ISRO studying technologies to help spaceflight programmes", "text": "NAGPUR: After the successful launch of the Space Capsule Recovery Experiment (SRE) the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) is now studying the possibilities of developing technologies that could help it in the human spaceflight programme in future. The organization has already begun work in this direction through a synergy of institutes in the country as a part of the pre-project phase of the programme the plan for which was first announced by the then ISRO chairman Madhavan Nair in 2007.Delivering a scientific talk on the 'pre-project phase' of human space flight by ISRO Unnikrishnan Nair from the Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre (VSSC), Thumba, Trivandrum said that ISRO was identifying both the existing technologies that need strengthening and completely new technologies that could be required for an indigenous programme. It is a huge work and would require efforts by different institutes across the country in different specialties as well as industry. The talk was organized by Indian Remote Sensing Society at the Regional Remote Sensing Centre (RRSSC).These critical technologies include anything and everything that would be required for such a project right from developing a space suit, environmental control system, life support system, crew escape system, human rating of launch vehicle, enhancing reliability and safety equipment. s known the whole process consists of three parts- ascent, orbital and descent. Each part in fact has a subs-set of technologies including selection and training of the crew. It would also require technologies for food and waste management as well.Though the human spaceflight programme is just in the pre-project phase a network of institutes are expected to be its part. The project likely to be taken up in phases could take 7-8 years after the project is announced. The technology development programme naturally will also be using the experiences and lessons from similar projects by USA, China and Russia .The SRE experiment by India which sent a 600 kg space capsule recovery launched using the Polar satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV) rocket and safe return to earth in 12 days demonstrated India's capability to develop heat resistant materials necessary for re-entry technology. The human spaceflight is expected to send an fully autonomous orbital vehicle, a manned mission.Earlier the RRSC project in charge A K Joshi introduced Nair. Das proposed a vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11706657", "title": "Motif Charity Walk on Feb 12", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The annual Motif Charity Walk, will introduce various new prizes this year. The event, to be held on February 12, will have more entertaining activities as well.\"This year, we are planning to make a small route for toddlers and organize a toddler walk. We are also planning to handout different prizes for different categories like the eldest male and female walkers, and the oldest couple as well,\" said Motif Inc CEO Kaushal Mehta.With this new range of prizes and activities, the aim is to encourage a wider range of participants to participate in the walk and raise awareness about health. \"Seeing a more than 80-year-old man or a woman getting a prize will not only encourage the elderly population but also the youths to take part in the walk and adopt healthy living,\" explained Mehta.While the annual Motif charity walk, last year, saw a participation of around seven thousand participants, the organizers are expecting a total of around ten thousand participants to turn up and take part in the walk this year. The registration for the walk has begun at the Motif office on Tuesday. Arrangements for another registration counter will also be made at a mall near Vastrapur Lake in Ahmedabad from February 5 onwards. \"We have started receiving a good response for registration for the walk. We have also received sponsorships from more than 40 companies,' said Mehta.Flash dance, mob dance, dance shows and many music and entertainment events are also part of the walk. The NGOs that will benefit from the donors through the walk this year include Ahmedabad Women's Action Group, Avbodh Knowledge Foundation, Menaba Charitable Trust and Unteshwari Mata Maria Trust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11707503", "title": "'I want to ensure that people actually read my books'", "text": "COIMBATORE: Writer and educationist Qaisra Shahraz may be a virtual unknown here, but the Manchester-based writer is widely read and critically acclaimed at home. The Pakistani author, who migrated to the UK as a child, is on tour in India, where she attended the Jaipur Lit Fest as a participatory writer, and was in Coimbatore to deliver the valedictory address to a group of Brazilian doctors at Arya Vaidya Pharmacy. She also participated in the inauguration of the Cochin Book Fair on Tuesday.\"I am coming to Coimbatore for the second time and am being hosted by a dear friend. The hospitality this city has shown me is very touching,\" she said. The translation of her second novel, 'Typhoon', published by DC Books, is being launched at the fair. The novel set in Pakistan is a tragic tale of three young women demonised by their past and is based on the author's memories of Pakistan.The writer will also visit Calicut University in Kerala, where she will address students. She has already visited Jaipur University. \"Jaipur is a beautiful city. When I go back home, I will definitely tell everybody about the beautiful architecture of the city,\" she said.Shahraz is proud that a recent collection of essays, 'The Holy and the Unholy,\" edited by AK Kidwa and Asin Siddique, is devoted solely to her work. \"My very first short story 'Jeans' merited an entire essay. Even a Morocco writer has found the time to analyse my work. Incidentally, my short story is even taught in German schools,\" she said.After her two-week tour of India, Shahraz will go to Beijing to attend Bookworm Festival. Asked about her visit to China, she said, \"What is the point of just sitting at home after having written a book. I want to make sure people actually read it\".She said she was excited to be in Cochin as her book is reaching new readers. \"I have been to Kerala before. I am happy to be in a state which has 100% literacy not to mention the awe-inspiring beauty,\" she said.Apart from her three novels, Shahraz has also written a 14-part series called 'Dil Hi To He (The Heart Is It),' for Pakistan TV (PTV).Asked about her view on the Salman Rushdie controversy, she said, \"It is an unfortunate affair. It hijacked the whole event. As a Muslim, I was unhappy that the issue cast my community in a bad light. I strive to build cultural bridges. I am part of the Inter-Faith Network. Community cohesion is my mantra.\"Asked how her family coped with her travel, she said of all her roles, her role as a mother took first priority. \"My third novel 'Silence' is set in Morocco and Pakistan,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11708655", "title": "Babush took 24.75 crore from builders in Goa: I-T", "text": "PANAJI: Education minister Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate as town and country planning (TCP) minister in 2006 had allegedly received kickbacks worth crores of rupees from land sharks to convert large chunks of agricultural land in 11 prime locations in the state into settlement or commercial zones, reveal investigations by Income Tax department into tax evasion by a former state government official.TOI has a copy of the I-T asessment order of a former Goa government officer N Suryanarayana dated December 29, 2011, which speaks of transactions involving the then TCP minister.Monserrate, had received 24.75 crore to convert huge tracts of agricultural or orchard land into settlement zones in early 2006 when he was TCP minister in the Pratapsingh Rane government, states an I-T assessment order and notice served on N Suryanarayana in December 2011 by I-T deputy commissioner V S Chakrapani.Monserrate had accepted the money, at a time when the Regional Plan 2011 had been announced and he was influential enough to extend help with respect to conversion of lands. After a public outcry against the plan, it was scrapped by the government and conversion of lands didn't materialize. Documents seized by I-T department reveal that a builder associate of the minister had promised \"that the conversion would take place through the same person sooner or later\".The documents were put together by the I-T department after raids on Suryanarayana, his associates and two prominent builders in Goa.It provides evidence as to how Suryanarayana, who was in the service of the government of Goa at the time when he happened to \"form a syndicate to buy and sell lands in Goa\", carried out the real estate business in the name of his wife N Sunitha and brother-in-law Kishore Mulla alias M Kishore.\"Same time in Goa, the then minister of town and country planning has announced Regional Plan 2011 through which it was open to seek conversions (settlement zone) for the agricultural and orchard lands. In March 2006, we happened to purchase 60 acres land at Old Goa through Pradeep Palekar, MD of Primeslots Properties Pvt Ltd, who was our friend. He also suggested that converting the case into settlement zone could be managed through Sadiq Sheikh, a well known builder... These two people in the course of discussions have further promised to convert all our other lands also into settlement zone. ...Sadiq at this stage made us speak to Babush Monserrate (on phone), the town and country planning minister to reassure their involvement in the whole episode\", reveal documents seized from Suryanarayana during raids. After the conversation, the documents reveal that Suryanarayana handed over a list of 11 lands, mostly in prime locations that needed to be converted.While the cash amount of Rs 19.76cr was paid to builder Sheikh at his residence in Dona Paula and in the office of another builder Dinar Tarcar at Campal from April 2006 to August 2006, the cheque of Rs 4.99cr was drawn in Suryanarayana's wife's name from her Andhra Bank account. Suryanarayana's lawyers have in fact gone to court to recover the Rs 4.99 crore paid by cheque.During course of investigation, I-T department found evidence in support of indirect payments in cash and kind to Monserrate by Sheikh. Land at Sancoale was transferred without receipt of sale consideration of Rs 11.5 cr plus to Good Earth Developers, a firm in which Babush's son, Rohit, is the only capital contributing partner. Also an advance of Rs 15cr was given to Raj Hospitality Pvt Ltd, a company in which Monserrate is a director, without any security and documentary evidence.\"As evidenced by the seized page from the residence of N Suryanarayana, the payments of Rs 24.75 cr (Rs 1919.76 cr + Rs 4.99 cr cheque) were to reach Babush Monserrate. This transfer of land at Sancoale to Good Earth Developers is a colourable device to pay Atanasio Monserrate indirectly,\" states an I-T assessment order.Suryanarayana has been asked to pay Rs 10.57cr in tax for the year 2007-08. A hearing on the matter scheduled for January 17, 2012, did not take place, but Chakrapani refused to comment on the case.Points to noteI-T department during investigations into tax evasion by former state government official N Suryanarayana discovered the following modus operandi that the middlemen adopted to avoid paying taxes:Modus operandi 1:", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "11707510", "title": "Solar-fencing being removed arbitrarily, allege Masinagudi residents", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: Residents and property owners in Masinagudi and Bokkapuram in Mudumalai have accused forest department officials of arbitrarily removing solar-powered electric fences in the elephant corridor in Segur plateau in the Nilgiris. Complying with a high court order, forest department officials along with revenue and police personnel had removed fences from 42 properties in the Segur plateau on January 16 insisting that they were unauthorized.The Hospitality Association of Mudumalai, the People's Livelihood Rights Movement - Masinagudi area, and the United Property Owners' Association of Masinagudi have in turn questioned the legality of solar-powered fences erected by the forest department in Anaikatty and Vazhaithottam areas. \"Solar-energized fences have been erected by the forest department in reserve forest areas in Anaikatty and Vazhaithottam, which also fall under the elephant corridor. On what basis did the department erect these fences?\" asked a spokesperson of United Property Owners' Association of Masinagudi.According to Smriti Rana Mathias, secretary, Hospitality Association of Mudumalai, the court order directs the removal of illegal solar-energized fences alone. \"But the authorities adopted a pick and choose method, issuing notices for the removal of fences to a handful of properties, without any legal basis,\" she said. Smriti and her husband Mathias have been running a resort in Bokkapuram since the past 10 years.The state government ordered the acquisition of 583 acres of patta land for the long-term protection of the elephant corridors on Segur plateau in the Nilgiris in 2007. Subsequently, on September 16, 2009, the Nilgiris district collector filed an affidavit stating that 4,225 acres of patta land needed to be acquired for the same elephant corridors. On October 22, 2009, the court ordered the constitution of an expert committee to look into the dispute. \"The expert committee, headed by the principal chief conservator of forests, who was part of the initial dispute, filed its report on November 4, 2009, within 12 days of its constitution. The identification exercise was completed over a two-day visit to the area,\" said Smiriti.Members of the United Property Owners' Association of Masinagudi claimed that the corridor map prepared by the expert committee is riddled with errors. Ironically, the introduction and propagation of solar-powered fences were done by the forest department in 1984, according to the United Property Owners' Association of Masinagudi.According to Sameer Jain, a resort owner in Bokkapuram, the matter is pending with the Supreme Court. \"We have gone to the court saying that the so-called Bokkapuram elephant corridor is not a scientifically proven one. The matter is subjudice. But the authorities snapped the solar fences erected around our properties,\" he said. \"There is a misconception among the public that the 'Bokkapuram elephant corridor' is a declared one,\" Sameer saidP T Vargheese, president, People's Livelihood Rights Movement - Masinagudi area, said, \"In 1984 the forest officials conducted training and workshops to come up with solar-energized fencing to minimize the man-animal conflict. And in December 2009, the court ordered the authorities to classify between the authorized and unauthorized solar fencing. But the officials failed to do so till date.\"\"Now, there are standing crops in our fields apart from fruit trees and cattle. Once the solar-energized fences are removed, the crops as well as the cattle are exposed to wild animals. Our livelihood is only this,\" Vargheese added. Most of the farmers in that area have been served with notice by the forest officials.District forest officer (north division, Nilgiris) S Ramasubramanian said, there are many orders issued by the Madras high court in connection with the elephant corridors in the Nilgiris. \"The Supreme Court has given an interim stay only for the demolition and dispossession of properties in that area. There is no stay granted for removal of solar-energized fences in the corridor area,\" he added.In 1984, the forest department encouraged erection of solar-energized fences in that area to curtail man-animal conflict, the DFO said. \"Now, all the big property owners have erected solar-energized fences surrounding their properties that obstruct free movement of jumbos in the corridor,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11707331", "title": "BJP fields seven sitting members", "text": "NASHIK: Determined to contest Nashik Municipal Corporation's general election single handedly, the Bharatiya Janata Party has fielded seven of its sitting corporators while two of its corporators have migrated to former ally and now a rival Shiv Sena. It has fielded the son of late former MLA and corporator Ganpat Kathe.The saffron alliance had wrested control of the NMC a decade ago. But the alliance broke up with the bickering between the members of both parties that resulted in unsuccessful seat-sharing formula between the two. In the outgoing house, the BJP had 14 members.The sitting candidates that have got the party support for the elections include Ranjana Bhansi (contesting from prabhag 5), Shalini Pawar (from prabhag 5), former mayor of Nashik Balasaheb Sanap (11), Seema Hiray (15), outgoing deputy mayor Prof Devayani Pharande (14), former city unit chief Satish Kulkarni (38) and Sambhaji Moruskar (56).However, another sitting corporator Sunil Khode lost his prabhag to Satish Kulkarni after the new demarcation of the electoral college. In the event, his wife Supriya Khode has been given the charge to contest elections from ward number 38.Recently, the party's senior most leader Ganpat Kathe died. He was the sitting corporator from earlier ward 9. The party has therefore, fielded his son Sanjay Ganpat Kathe from the seat.Meanwhile, the party has lost two of its sitting members to Shiv Sena. Ajay Boraste, who was the deputy mayor for two-and-a-half years, left the party to join Shiv Sena and become the city unit chief. Prashant Avhad is another sitting corporator who has migrated to Shiv Sena.The others who have lost the seat include Sharad Sanap, Kamlesh Bodake, Madhubala Bhore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11710270", "title": "I idolize Naseer Bhai &amp; Paresh: Darshan Jariwala", "text": "It's no exchange programme. Yet, at a time when Leander Paes and Radek Stepanek went on to win the Australian Open men's doubles final in Melbourne , a film crew from Down Under was in Kolkata to shoot a sports movie.The cast of \"Save Your Legs!\" includes actors from India - Darshan Jariwala, Pallavi Sharda and Sid Makkar. IPL anchor Shibani Dandekar is making a guest appearance in the movie that also features legendary cricketer Sir Richard Hadlee in a cameo. Over the past two days, director Boyd Hicklin has shot in a hotel on Sudder Street, besides Tollygunge Club. \"Save Your Legs!\" revolves around a suburban cricket team on its tour of India, where Darshan plays the main sponsor of the Australian team. Excerpts from an interview with the actor:How is the experience of shooting \"Save Your Legs!\"? It is an English language film. Shooting such a film is not new to me but I must admit that the unit is extremely efficient. They are never overwhelmed by shooting problems. In the film, I play cricket store owner Sanjeet, an Indian settled in Australia. He makes a living out of the passion Australians have for cricket. When his regular team falls through, he seeks a lastminute replacement. That's how the team The Abbotsford Anglers is formed. While Pallavi plays my daughter in the film, Sid is a Bollywood star who has a run-in with the movie's protagonist. Shooting in Kolkata is interesting. I have also shot for Sujoy Ghosh's \"Kahaani\" in the city.Have you shot in Australia too? Did you shoot with Sir Richard Hadlee who does a cameo in the film? Yes. I had gone to shoot in Melborune. I was not there when Sir Hadlee shot. But I did meet him. He came across as a very cordial person, while I was just like any other Indian fan. I also met the former Australian cricketer, Graham Alsop. In fact, the day I arrived in Melbourne, Sachin was practising at MCG. Incidentally, the protagonist of the film is also a Sachin fan. While shooting, I noticed that both Australia and India share a sense of rivalry and admiration for each other. It stems from the fact that both were colonies of England and have a common annoyance towards the English masters.Your experience of shooting with Australian stars Stephen Curry , Brendan Cowell and David Lyons . They are such big stars in Australia and yet so down to earth. I was having a conversation with David and he said it's important to push oneself as an actor without analyzing too much. I've been constantly shuttling between Mumbai and Kolkata to shoot my serial and this movie. David said that as an actor, one needs to transcend the limit of intellectualizing one's actions within one's self. Having played Gandhi, is it difficult to adjust to the kind of roles Indian  cinema offers to you now? I can never get another \"Gandhi\". That is something I've come to terms with. In movies, I accept that the director is the captain of the ship and I've to deliver his vision. His vision extends to the editing table, while an actor is more concerned with what is happening in the immediate moment.Your new play has just opened in Mumbai. How do you juggle between the two experiences? There's an essential difference between stage and films. When you are in doubt while doing plays, you rehearse. But for a film, you need not analyze the character's behaviour too much but respond as a whole to the moment. I idolize Naseer Bhai and Paresh. Paresh is more in a comfort zone with commercial theatre. But that doesn't take away anything from his talent. Naseer Bhai and I are more like colleagues. For me, he is Ratna's husband.Ratna's mother (Dina Pathak) and my mother (Leela Zariwala) were actors. Naseer Bhai runs his theatre production company and does varied roles. I'm sure he must not have planned his later resurgence in films. I'm looking forward to enjoying the same destiny. Like him, I hope to get the choice of characters which are nuanced, shaded and execute them well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11707429", "title": "Didi hopeful of a third bloc", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee's latest pitch against Congress and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh isn't exactly without reason. Mamata is hoping for the emergence of a third bloc that will have a major say in national politics in the days to come.\"Either there is Congress or there is BJP. Why? Because there is no alternative. If there is such an option, then people will think about it,\" Mamata said speaking to a private television channel on Monday. Trinamool's foray in the four of the five poll-bound states (elections have been completed in two) is also to test waters on the party's acceptability beyond Bengal. Mamata, however, is not expecting much at the moment. \"It may not happen in the first attempt, but at least we have begun it... If there is a good leadership, Trinamool can make its presence felt in other states too,\" she said.Her poll managers have started drumming up support for Mamata as the \"viable alternative\". \"We are telling people about her clean and pro-people image. People are tired of mainstream political parties,\" said Sultan Ahmed , Union minister of state for tourism and Trinamool's pointsman for UP and Uttarakhand. Like-minded parties have already started sounding Trinamool, the party chief hinted. \"They believe we can provide justice to people,\" said Mamata. Nitish Kumar's JD(U) is likely to tie up with Trinamool in the last three phases of the UP polls.In her proximate circles, Mamata is known to have taken Centre's \"reluctance\" to offer Bengal a bailout package as an affront to her. In the interview, she left enough indications on it. \"For over two years, Trinamool doesn't even have an office there (in Parliament). We have only one cabinet minister - the ministers of state are not even allowed to work. We still kept quite. Only on anti-people policies, we've refused to extend our support. Take the case of the food Bill... where will the money come from? Unlike others, we don't say something at closed-door meetings with the Prime Minister and something else outside,\" she said. \"Congress is a minority government. The government is there only because we are supporting it,\" she reminded.In spite of the simmering discontent, Mamata hasn't made any indication that she may walk out of the UPA-II, giving a leeway to other parties to make up for her numbers. But according to Trinamool insiders, she has indicated to her party leaders that if the Congress becomes weaker after the 2014 polls, the only alternative before her would be a strong bloc of like-minded parties to fill the void (since BJP is not an alternative given Trinamool's compulsions in Bengal).Her plan is similar to that of the Left Front. She wants to consolidate her party's support base in rural Bengal in the upcoming panchayat elections, and break borders to expand her party's influence in states like Manipur. She doesn't mind tying up with non-UPA regional parties even as long as it helps her cause.Though equations may not remain the same after two years when the country gets set for the Lok Sabha elections, the Trinamool doesn't foresee reverses in the party's prospects in Bengal. According to party leaders, Mamata is in government for eight months which is too short a time in comparison to Left Front's 34-year rule. Even if there is dissent at local pockets, it is not likely to change the voting pattern in Bengal in 2014. Trinamool leader and state industries minister Partha Chatterjee believes that in the next Lok Sabha polls, his party will be able to send at least 36 MPs to Parliament, which taken together with its strength elsewhere will help Mamata emerge as a crucial player in national politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11708358", "title": "IIT-G to conduct gross state happiness index survey on the lines of Bhutan", "text": "GUWAHATI: Assam will be the first state in the country where a gross state happiness index survey will be carried out this year. The survey will be undertaken by the Centre of Environment, IIT (Guwahati) in collaboration with the School of the Environment, Flinders University in South Australia and supported by the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the Assam government.The survey will be initiated on the model of the Bhutan Gross National Happiness (BGNH).The plans and procedures for the well-being survey was discussed in a workshop titled 'A Stakeholder Workshop on Measuring Sustainable Well-being for Assam' held at the Humanities and Social Science (HSS) department, IIT Guwahati on Tuesday.The workshop was an attempt to study the BGNH model and incorporate some changes in the context of Assam so that a pilot survey could be carried out in some of the districts.Based on the pilot survey, the team behind the project will be able to understand the dynamics of various communities, the obstacles they face, the resources they require, implementation of changes, and other important aspects.After two to three months of the pilot survey, the main survey will be finalized and based on this main survey, a large survey comprising all the districts of the state will be carried out.\"The chief minister was impressed by the GNH carried out in Bhutan last year and he had shown some interest in the same being carried out in Assam. And it was then that we decided to carry out the survey here. The concept of the well-being survey was introduced by the UNDP. The Human Development Index is a yardstick measuring human well-being in terms of health, education and income. But what we want to do in Assam is beyond these three aspects,\" said Udoy Sankar Saikia, Associate Director, Applied Population Studies School of the Environment Geography, Population and Environmental Management, Flinders University.Tuesday's workshop saw discussion on nine GNH domains where participants made an effort to adapt and reduce variables in the Bhutan indicators which reflects societal values and principles. The nine domains are: educational, environmental, living standard, governance, health, psychological, time use (time spent in 24 hours), community and culture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11708101", "title": "Bhopal: Admissions under RTE for private schools held", "text": "BHOPAL: For Kiran and Omkar Vishwakarma it was probably the happiest day of their lives. And why not! A daily wage worker by profession, Omkar's son Uday was selected in a top convent school.When Uday's name was called out in St Joseph Co-ed, both parents of the child rushed to the stage, Uday in arms to sign the selection list.Same was the case of Syed Raees, a mechanic by profession, whose son Syed Riyaan to made it to the admission list at St Joseph's Co-ed. Raees was elated and jubilant.Later, Kiran told ToI, \"It had always been our dream that our son must get a fair chance of education. Today it has been fulfilled.\"Raees said, \"The Muslim families these days do want to be integrated into the mainstream and give priority to education. All we need is an opportunity.\"Tuesday's morning was a busy day for a section of children belonging from the below poverty line (BPL) section of the society as admission to city's private schools under the Right to Education ( RTE) were held via lottery procedure.While most schools kept the lottery in the morning, some schools like St. Joseph's Co-ed, had it in the afternoon. Schools like Carmel Convent BHEL, Bal Bhawan, Shyamla Hills, Jawahar Primary etc had the random selection procedure in the morning.At Carmel Convent School BHEL, excited and tense parents along with their little girls assembled in the hall. Principal of the school Sister Reji and Madhvi Khare, principal of Govt. Girls' Higher Secondary School, Govindpura and the nodal officer for the school were present. The school received a total of 219 applications for the 25% reserved category for 38 seats in KG I in the school.Of these, 153 applications were rejected due to various reasons like the child being overage, underage and also because the applicants resided more than five kms away from the school, like Koh-e-Fiza, informed the principal.Four year old Areba Khan, herself a contender of the reserved category, was chosen to seal the fate of the 38 from the 66 applicants as she drew the lotteries. Though she picked up the fate of several children, ironically, she did not make it to the selection list.Also after 38 names were chosen, 10 more names were selected in the waiting list.At St Joseph's Co-ed, out of 256 applications, 136 were selected for the lottery for 62 seats in the reserved category. Dr Pradeep Rajawat from the school education department was the nodal officer.After his son's admission, Omkar said \"I have two daughters aged 9 and 11. Both study in Hindi medium due to financial constraints. We always wanted that Uday should get a chance to study in an English medium school.\" \"Now it has actually happened\".At both the schools, almost 60% of the applicants were Muslim families, a trend which was observed in other schools as well.Another mother of a four year old waiting to hear son's name featuring in the list said, \"These days the competition is so tough that it is not feasible sending children to madarsas. Convents do offer the best education standards.\"These admissions were done at entry level - kindergarten and class I - under the right to education. There were as many as 12,000 applications for 9000 seats in all the prominent schools of the state capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "11707928", "title": "Poll pitch intensifies in rural Koraput", "text": "KORAPUT: Electioneering for the three-tier panchayat polls has reached a fever pitch with political parties organizing public meetings, rallies and campaigning door-to-door in rural areas of the district. Also, the blame game between the Congress and the BJD has intensified with both the parties trading charges against each other for the plight of the rural people and unfulfilled promises.\"It's the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre that is funding the entire welfare programme like education, health and rural connectivity in villages. People in rural areas are sufferings because of the inefficiency of the state government,\" said former Koraput MLA Tara Prasad Bahinipati while addressing a public meeting for Congress candidate at Borigumma recently.Bahinipati who is spearheading the national party's campaign in the district said, \"While the Centre is giving crore of rupees under National Rural Health Mission, Sarva Sikhya Abhijan, National Rural Employment Act and Pradhan Mantri Gramya Sadak Yojana, the state government fails to utilize the fund. BJD ministers are neck-deep in corruption and don't think about the development of the state.\"On the other hand, the BJD that is banking solely on the image and governance of chief minister Naveen Patnaik to woo the tribal voters has held the Congress responsible for the plight of people in Odisha. \"The Congress had left the state bankrupt. It is the leadership of Naveen Patnaik that has initiated various welfare programmes for the uplift of tribals and farmers in the state,\" said Koraput MP Jayaram Pangi.Being optimistic of a clear majority to form the zilla parishad in Koraput, district congress committee president Meenakshi Bahinipati said, \"People have realized how they have suffered at the hands of BJD in the past five years. Development activities have taken a beating in the district. While common man suffers, only BJD activists have benefitted from all government programmes in the past five years in the district.\"According to political observers, there will be a close contest between Congress and BJD in all 29 zilla parishad seats of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11707094", "title": "Minimum temperature may dip further", "text": "LUCKNOW: If you felt relatively 'warmer' nights in the recent past, it was all because of a weather system, which has now moved out of the UP skies raising the possibilities of a dip in the minimum temperatures.The state met department has predicted a drop in temperature in most of the regions. With the system gone, there are all possibilities of a dip in the minimum temperatures,\" said state met director, JP Gupta. He, however, said that the day will still remain sunny much to the relief of people. The skies, said the department, will remain clear - the reason behind the dip in temperature during night. Gupta said that the day and night temperature will be less than normal for some more days.The state capital registered a minimum temperatures of 5.0 degree Celsius which was four degree below normal. Neighboring city Kanpur registered 4.3 degree which was five degree below normal.The humidity levels too remained high at 91 percent. The state met department, however, said that the chances of rain was minimum.The western regions of the state continued to witness a decline in the minimum temperatures. Muzaffarnagar registered the lowest temperatures, 2.4 degree Celsius which was almost seven degree below normal. Likewise, Agra too shivered at 3.2 degree Celsius which was six degree below normal.The effect of the system moving out of the skies of UP was also felt in eastern parts of the state. Gorakhpur registered a minimum temperature of 4.6 degree Celsius. So was the case with Sultanpur where minimum temperatures stood at six degree Celsius which was three degrees below normal. Districts like Allahabad, however, remained warm at 10.4 degree Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11708972", "title": "MP chief secretary cites laws to not submit drug trials report", "text": "INDORE: Madhya Pradesh chief secretary Avni Vaishya has expressed his inability to submit a report on drug trials conducted on 233 patients of a government-run mental hospital attached to Indore's Mahatma Gandhi Medical College , saying the concerned doctors \"have kept the trial documents under wraps'' .The National Human Rights Commission had taken a suo motu cognizance of a TOI report on the trials and directed Vaishya to furnish details by last Tuesday. He had to report if the doctors had followed ICMR guidelines during the trials.The chief secretary told TOI that he was not in a position to submit the report. \"The doctors have kept the trial documents under wraps. The details are confidential according to the laws for the conduct of clinical trials. Only central regulatory bodies such as the DCGI or MCI can investigate the matter,\" he said.The NHRC, however, has decided to press the issue. NHRC spokesperson Jaimini Kumar Srivastava said the commission will write to the chief secretary again. \"We have not received any communication from the chief secretary as of now. The time allowed to submit report has lapsed. We are going to write again asking to submit the report at the earliest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11705983", "title": "Cosmetics giant to pay 1.5cr/month rent", "text": "Mumbai: French cosmetics multinational L'Oreal has reached an agreement with Marathon Realty to set up its new corporate headquarters in Marathon Futurex, slated to be the tallest commercial tower, on N M Joshi Marg at Lower Parel.The nine-year lease agreement has been signed for approximately Rs 200 per sq ft, which includes property tax and maintenance charges. The lease rent translates roughly to Rs 1.5 crore per month. The multinational will occupy two floors spreading over 71,000 sq ft somewhere in the middle of the 38-storey tower.Dinesh Dayal, chief operating officer of L'Oreal India and Mayur Shah, managing director of Marathon Realty, confirmed the deal but refused to divulge more details. Dayal said that they were looking for more space as part of the company's expansion plans. L'Oreal had been occupying approximately 50,000 sq ft space in Peninsula Corporate Park at Lower Parel for the past seven years. Global property consultants JLL brokered the deal.Property brokers say the deal is significant for three reasons. One; developers who offered a rent-free period of a maximum two months when the commercial market was on a roll are now offering tenants a rent-free period of up to six months to refurbish the leased office space. Two; this is not the only incentive developers are offering. Property brokers say developers, like in L'Oreal's case, are paying property tax and maintenance on behalf of the tenant for a certain duration. \"Offering such incentives is the only way developers can lure tenants when faced with the alternative of losing revenue through lease rents and rising repayment costs the longer the premises stays vacant,\" said the broker.Three; central Mumbai, including Lower Parel, Worli, Dadar and Prabhadevi, has a significant supply of approximately 3 million sq ft. \"So, an agreement comprising a huge area is not common. The last such big deal was in June 2011 when private sector Yes Bank signed a lease rental deal in the under-construction Indiabulls Finance centre at a discounted rate of Rs 125 a sq ft,\" said a broker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11707485", "title": "Sparrows flock to nests placed at homes in Ganapathy Ma Nagar", "text": "COIMBATORE: V Shanmugham and his family don't require an alarm to wake up. Each morning, they are woken up by the chirping sparrows that nest in their house.A few months ago, Shanmugham, a regional manager in a private company, was given a nest and sparrow food by students of Salim Ali Center for Ornithology and Natural Sciences and Young Indians. These students were conducting an experiment in Ganapathy Ma Nagar to strengthen the sparrow population, which is fast dwindling.Shanmugham noticed a pair of sparrows nested inside a lamp cover in his garden. The students encouraged him to place the nest closer to his house. \"I am happy to help in this cause,\" he said. Within a few days, he noticed a pair of sparrows in the next. He added another nest, inviting more sparrows. Now he has five to six sparrows that have made their nest in his home. P Gnanasekaran, another resident of Ma Nagar said the more nests he put up at home, more sparrows set up home there.Joseph Reginald, research scholar at SACON involved in the project said that ever since the project was initiated there is considerable increase in the sparrow population in the area.\"During our study, we found 15 locations where sparrows thrive. Ganpathy Ma Nagar and Walayar were selected for this project which started in August, with 90 nests placed in various areas. At least 300 sparrows were identified in Ganapathy Ma Nagar, which is the highest congregation in the city. About 70% of the nests placed in other areas have been occupied by the birds, indicating that nesting has helped improve breeding potential in the region,\" said Reginald.Rapid urbanisation and increasing pollution is spelling doom for the small sparrow, which was earlier found in large numbers in the city. \"Sparrows have been dwindling mainly due to lack of food and nesting sites. Modern buildings do not provide crevices and nooks for them to nest. Also, sparrow fledglings feed exclusively on insects for the first 15 days,\" he said.The insect population is on the decline due to lack of native plants and other vegetation in urban areas, he added. Conservation in India is happening in isolation. There is a need to involve the common man. \"Distributing bird feeders will directly leave conservation efforts in the hands of the people,\" Reginald added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11708393", "title": "Land acquisition for airport begins", "text": "CHENNAI: State highways department officials on Tuesday began the process of acquiring a portion of GST Road in front of the Chennai airport, as part of the ongoing expansion, by demolishing a portion of the footpath. The exercise will be completed in a week.To ensure smooth demolition for the entry and exit ways, all vehicles, including MTC buses going towards Guindy on the road beneath the flyover were told to take the flyover from Monday night. Separate entry and exit ways are to built for the expanded international and domestic terminals. Highways officials said 76 metres of land (length-wise) would be acquired for the international terminal and 40 metres of land for the domestic terminal. The land-acquisition exercise also includes levelling the entry and exit points (now on the elevated surface) with GST Road.\"We will also acquire 2.1 metres of land (width-wise) in front of the airport for the entry and exit for the new terminals and hand it over to the Airports Authority of India (AAI),\" a state highways official told TOI.The expansion of the airport, which is expected to get completed by March, includes building two new passenger terminals and a flyover in front of them. Most of the expansion work inside the airport has been completed. Though going out of the airport may not be completely hassle-free even after the new terminals are opened, the highways department, traffic police and AAI are taking steps to ensure a smooth flow of traffic flow after the new terminals are opened.In November 2011, the state highways acquired 29 buildings on Railway Station Road near St Thomas Mount railway station for the Rs 14,000 crore metro rail project. The acquisition was based on the Madras high court order of October 30 that quashed a petition filed by affected residents for higher compensation package as against the Chennai Metro Rail Limited (CMRL)'s offered package of Rs 3,745 per sq ft. Subsequently, the state highways demolished illegally constructed buildings at Pazhavanthangal on GST Road to acquire land for the metro rail project. The total area of the encroachments is 33,248 sq ft.The proposed two Metro Rail corridors - one from Washermenpet to the airport through Chennai Central and the other from Chennai Central to St Thomas Mount via Koyambedu - will intersect at Alandur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11705546", "title": "Workshop highlights use of ultrasonic bone scalpel in spine surgeries", "text": "PUNE: Three surgeries performed with the help of the latest ultrasonic bone scalpel were part of the national workshop on 'excellence in spine' that concluded in the city on Sunday.The two-day workshop was organised by the Oyster and Pearl Hospital, Department of Orthopaedics at the B J Medical College and Cure Academy - a group of spine surgeons.\"The bone scalpel is a novel ultrasonic bone cutting tool for rapid, safe and precise cuts. It is designed to provide clean cuts through bony structures with minimal loss of viable bone while sparing adjacent soft tissues. The tool not only reduces surgery time but is also safer than the traditionally practiced procedure as there is no chance of damage to the nerves or spinal chord,\" said spine surgeon Rajesh Parasnis.Three people with various spinal problems were operated upon using the ultrasonic bone scalpel and balloon kythoplasty during the workshop.Among them, a 64-year-old male patient was operated for lumbar canal stenosis - compression of spinal cord in the lumbar region. Parasnis used the bone scalpel tool for this surgery. \"With this tool, we could manage to do the decompression much faster and safely without worrying about any chance of nerve damage which is usually the fear in traditional approaches,\" Parasnis said.Another 65-year-old male patient was operated for cervical spondylosis - spinal cord and nerve root compression in the neck region.\"Once again we used the ultrasonic tool (bone scalpel) to do the decompression with ease and speed. Deeper pressure which was due to excessive bone growth was completely removed and nerves were made free of pressure. A piece of bone of exact size and shape was removed from patient's pelvis and put in the place of removed disc. Bone scalpel made this job simple and precise,\" Parasnis said.In another case, kythoplasty technique was used to repair the two-month-old fracture of L1 vertebrae in an elderly patient. Kythoplasty is a type of minimally invasive back surgery used in cases of vertebral fracture. The purpose of a kyphoplasty is to stop the pain associated with the fracture, stabilise the vertebra and restore vertebral body height.\"In balloon kythoplasty, the height of the vertebrae is restored using a balloon tamp, which is sent to the vertebral body through a key hole from the back. This ensures that the height of collapsed bone (vertebrae) is restored and later strengthened with the help of bone cement. This immediately relieves the pain and patient is able to go back to his daily activities,\" said spine surgeon Abhay Nene of Hinduja Hospital, Mumbai.On the second day of the workshop at the BJ Medical College and Sassoon Hospital, training was provided over cadavers, including hands-on cadaver workshop with C-arm, thoracic pedicle screw fixation, lumbar pedicle screw fixation, anterior cervical fusion, vertebroplasty among other specialised surgical training.Course convener for the workshop was Girish Bartakke, convener and consultant spine surgeon at the B J Medical College and Sassoon Hospital. Other faculties consisted experts in spinal surgery attached to the medical institutions in Delhi, Gurgaon, Mumbai and Ahmedabad.eom/umesh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11707043", "title": "CAG to audit NRHM scheme in 18 states", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India has decided to audit the spending of all states under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scheme.After unearthing a Rs 5,754-crore NRHM scam in Uttar Pradesh, the CAG will conduct independent audits of the scheme in 17 other states to ascertain losses to the exchequer, if any.CAG's decision came after a request was made by the Union health ministry to look into the NRHM spending of all states. \"The CAG has agreed to audit NRHM spending of all states through state accountant generals. It will be an annual and independent audit,\" a ministry official said.The ministry has written to the states, asking them to cooperate with their respective accountant generals.The letter, written to all principal secretaries and mission directors, says, \"The CAG had been requested by this ministry that annual transaction audits of the NRHM in all the states be conducted from 2011-12. As informed by the office of CAG, all accountant generals have been instructed to incorporate the audit in their regular audit planning process.\"It adds, \"This audit by the CAG is separate from the statutory audits already being conducted by CA firms appointed annually in your state. You are requested to ensure that all the records requisitioned during the process of audit are made available to the audit teams promptly and that full cooperation is extended to the teams deputed.\"The letter asks the states to issue clear guidelines to district and sub-district level units for facilitating CAG's audits. Though there has been several public standoffs between the government and the CAG over turf control, more government departments like the health ministry are willfully choosing to opt for a CAG audit.\"Till now, states carried out a statutory audit through private chartered accountant firms chosen by them besides another concurrent audit. Now, a third audit will be conducted by the CAG, which is necessary since NRHM involves huge funds,\" a ministry official added.The NRHM scheme (2005-12) seeks to provide effective healthcare to rural population throughout the country with a special focus on 18 states, which have weak public health indicators and/or weak infrastructure. Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Himachal Pradesh, Jharkhand, Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Manipur, Mizoram, Meghalaya, Madhya Pradesh, Nagaland, Odisha, Rajasthan, Sikkim, Tripura, Uttaranchal and Uttar Pradesh come under that category.Its primary goals are to reduce Infant Mortality Rate (IMR) and Maternal Mortality Ratio (MMR), facilitate universal access to public health services like women's health, child health, water, sanitation and hygiene, immunization, and nutrition. Prevention and control of communicable and non-communicable diseases, including locally endemic diseases, access to integrated comprehensive primary healthcare and population stabilization are its other goals.The issue of financial irregularities in NRHM funds in UP came to light following the murder of two chief medical officers Dr V K Arya in 2010 and Dr B P Singh last year. Deputy CMO Y S Sachan was also found dead under mysterious circumstances in the district jail in Lucknow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11708044", "title": "We are yet to get to bottom of door snag: Metro chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two freak accidents within a fortnight on the Delhi Metro have sent alarm bells ringing, but DMRC is yet to figure out what triggered the snag. In two successive incidents, commuters hung perilously from running trains, sandwiched between partially shut doors.DMRC chief Mangu Singh said, \"The first incident was not crowd-related. However, the Rajiv Chowk incident can be attributed to the heavy rush.\"\"The problem has been traced to the software of the door sensors. But we haven't been able to pinpoint the root cause of the software malfunction. We have approached the manufacturers and are waiting for their response. We are also putting in place a framework to avert such accidents,\" said Singh.The Metro chief was speaking at the launch of the tunnel boring machine at Chelmsford Club. This is his first media interaction since he took over as the managing director of DMRC. On the sidelines of the launch, Singh also spoke about problems plaguing the transport system.With incidents involving commuters jumping off trains or falling onto the tracks becoming common, Singh said DMRC is planning to install screen doors at some platforms.\"Installing the system at all Metro stations would not be feasible. Air from the ACs keeps the tunnels cool. But if screen doors are installed, tunnels will heat up. So, we are considering putting up screen doors at crowded stations like Rajiv Chowk and Kashmere Gate,\" he said.On crowd management at stations, Singh said, \"Some stations witness huge footfalls. To match the number of passengers, the number of coaches has to be increased. Four-coach trains will be converted to six-coach trains by December and sixcoach trains will have eight coaches by next year.\" \"Personnel on the platform have been instructed to inform passengers that a four or a six-coach train is going to enter the station,\" he added.On the aesthetics of the upcoming stations along the extended violet line, including Janpath, Mandi House and Jama Masjid station, which run along many heritage sites of Delhi, Singh said that DMRC is in consultations with several architects and experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "11708514", "title": "Eminent personalities attend symposium on regional theatre", "text": "JORHAT: Eminent theatre personalities and playwrights attended a two-day symposium on aspects of modern plays in Assamese, Bengali and Manipuri at Radhakanta Handique Bhawan in Jorhat.The programme, organised by Sahitya Akademi in association with Asom Sahitya Sabha, came to a conclusion on Tuesday with various experts from Assam, West Bengal and Manipur delivering speeches and lectures on aspects of modern plays in their respective languages.Opening the symposium on Monday with a welcome address, Ramkumar Mukhopadhyay elaborated his views on the modern Indian theatre. \"Plays should not only be staged, but they should also be read with seriousness to explore our imagination,\" he said. Eminent Assamese playwright and former Asom Natya Sanmilan president Akhil Chakraworty also gave his insight on ''Natyashastra'' and it's relevance in modern theatre.Manipuri theatre personality K Santibala Devi, who spoke on the topical aspects of modern Manipuri plays, enumerated the social, political and scientific impact of Manipuri plays.''There is a rich history of Manipuri plays and they have played a significant role in the state's politics, social and scientific aspects. Many Manipuri plays deal with social problem and contemporary themes. These plays become popular with the common audience - basically the middle-class people of the society. The middle-class has tremendous power and the plays made on their issues obviously interests them.''She, alongwith the other Manipuri dramatist L Birendrakumar Sharma, also spoke about the romantic idealism of Manipuri plays and mentioned that, like in other languages, romance is a key component Manipuri theatre.In the programme, DKD college lecturer Kutubuddin Ahmed and former Asom Sahitya Sabha acting general secretary Pratap Bora spoke on Assamese plays, while two noted Bengali dramatists from Kolkata - Sudeshna Bandyopadhyay and Samik Bandyopadhyay - delivered a lecture on modern Bengali theatre. Jorhat JB college lecturer and Asom Sahitya Sabha magazine secretary Jyotirekha Hazarika moderated the symposium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11705631", "title": "RTO takes action against 285 cab operators", "text": "PUNE: The Regional Transport Office (RTO), in a week-long drive took action against tourist taxi/cab operators in view of the increasing number of complaints received against them. As many as 285 cab operators were booked for various offences, including non-payment of taxes, non-renewal of permits, driving without licences, etc.According to the RTO, a total of Rs 5.28 lakh in taxes was collected and fine of Rs 3.44 lakh imposed during the drive. More than 4,000 cabs ply in the city, which are mainly used by employees of IT companies.An RTO official said, \"The special drive was launched from January 25 after it was noticed that several cab operators had not paid their tax dues or renewed the permits. We had received complaints in this regard from our sources.\"Of the 285 cabs checked during the drive, 143 cabs were seized for various offences. The owners were made to pay the taxes as well as the fine amount. It was also found that many cabs were being run without proper permits and essential papers, including fitness and PUC certificates and insurance papers. The drive was held at various places in the city jointly by the traffic police department.The state government recently hiked the annual tax rate for tourist cabs. The official said, as per the revised rules, the annual tax rate for a tourist taxi ranges from Rs 1,000 to Rs 3,000/ per seat, depending on the type of the vehicle. Earlier, it was Rs 400 per seat.The official also said that the RTO had received complaints regarding rash driving by cab drivers. During the drive, the cab drivers were instructed not to indulge in rash driving and maintain traffic discipline. If required, a meeting of taxi owners would be called to discuss the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11708381", "title": "Govt justifies T Ngr sealing drive", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government has justified the lock-and-seal drive against illegal and unauthorized commercial buildings in T Nagar and has said fire safety measures in these buildings are not adequate to meet emergencies.A submission to this effect was made by the CMDA member-secretary R Venkatesan, in his counter-affidavit before the first bench hearing the cases. The bench comprising chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam is hearing a batch of cases both for and against the demolition of commercial buildings, which were sealed on October 31, 2011 pursuant to court directions.Maintaining that notices calling for explanations supported by relevant documents and building plan were issued to all land owners in the area, the counter said there was either no reply from the violators or the replies were vague and not backed by documents.As for the fire safety issue, the counter said, \"In many of the sealed buildings, fire safety measures are not adequate due to (a) no fire fighting installations provided and (b) no setback space available all round the building for movement of fire unit/high rise building ladder unit.\"It also cited a report by the fire and rescue services department, which stated that due to heavy traffic getting to vulnerable spots is difficult. The multi-storied and special commercial buildings did not have enough water storage for exclusive fire fighting. \"It is clearly evident that no fire safety measures are available in Ranganathan Street and Usman Road area of T Nagar,\" the counter said.It also denied the shop owners' contention that the region had been classified as contiguous stretch where leaving setback space was not required. \"As per the government approved Detailed Development Plan (DDP), this area is known as Rajaji Nagar area DDP, where one depth of the land along the Ranganathan Street alone is classified as contiguous built-up area. Majority of plots in this area are all non-contiguous building categories,\" it said.Reiterating that the lock and seal drive gained momentum owing to court orders and the court-appointed Monitoring Committee's directions, the counter said all necessary procedures were followed before the sealing orders were issued. It wanted the case of the commercial building owners to be dismissed. The matter is scheduled to come up before the first bench for further hearing next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11708555", "title": "Govt gives land for 1000 MW thermal plant", "text": "Kochi: The state government has allocated 100 acres of land to set up a 1,000 MW thermal power plant near the LNG terminal coming up at Puthuvypu, off Kochi. It will be a joint venture between KSEB and Petronet LNG Ltd, which is setting up the terminal. The land will form part of the equity share of KSEB in the project.Power minister Aryadan Muhammed told TOI here on Monday that the project will be implemented in phases and that a 380 MW unit would be set up in the first phase.According to A K Balyal, MD, Petronet, the project would cost around Rs 3,600 crore. Aryadan said the Kerala government would be able to buy major portion of the power generated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "11706231", "title": "'NCP, Cong competitors but not foes'", "text": "YAVATMAL: The Congress launched election campaign for the ensuing zilla parishad and panchayat samitis of Yavatmal on Tuesday. MPCC president Manikrao Thakre flew down to Yavatmal to flag off the campaign and addressed three election meetings at Zari, Yelabara (Yavatmal) and Aarambhi (Digras) along with RPI (Kawade) president Jogendra Kawade.While addressing a press conference at his Yavatmal residence, Thakre said that his party has made pre-poll alliance with NCP for 10 municipal corporations in the state. \"We have decided to go alone in Solapur, Pune, Pimpri-Chinchwad and Amravati,\" he added.The first list of candidates for the 10 corporations has been announced and the second list will be out by February 1, Thakre said.The Congress has also made a pre-poll alliance with RPI groups led by Prakash Ambedkar and Jogendra Kawade. However, there is no such alliance with RPI factions for zilla parishad elections in Buldhana, Nanded and Amravati as local leaders have made local arrangements for the election, he added.Asked why the political parties go for alliance in some places while they fight with each other in some other places, Thakre said that Congress is a national party and it goes for alliance on its own policies and programmes.Regarding party prospects, Thakre said that Congress had power only in three zilla parishads in the state in the last election and hoped that it would improve its position as was the case in the election of municipal councils.\"We had 960 councillors last time which was increased to 1,250 this time and this trend would be repeated in the ZP and PS elections,\" he claimed.When his attention was drawn to remarks of the NCP legislator Sandeep Bajoria in the press conference held on Monday that Congress is the number one enemy of NCP, Thakre said Bajoria made such irrelevant and childish remarks due to his political ignorance and added that NCP and Congress are political competitors but certainly not enemies. Thakre also played down the criticism made against him by people who had left the party.Regarding the debacle in the Yavatmal municipal council election despite great expectation of mustering power, Thakre said that his party won five out of seven MCs which went to poll in December last.Kawade said that his party doors are open for all secular parties and they wish that all the secular forces should come together to defeat non-secular forces. However, he could not answer the query as to how the splinter groups of RPI support various political parties at different places.Regarding denial of tickets to loyal and more active workers, Thakre said that his party cannot give tickets to all at one stroke but failed to answer as to why Congress promotes hierarchial politics every time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11711406", "title": "Why is Podaa Podi delayed?", "text": "The team behind the long-in-the-making Podaa Podi, starring Simbu and Varalaxmi, has come out with a statement, defending the delay in production.They claim that since the film is about the journey of a boy and a girl through three stages of their lives, they actually ensured that the phases were captured properly.\"The film was entirely shot in London and only during a particular season, to go with the look and feel of the film. Also, we had to shoot scenes featuring a baby at the time of his birth and when he's sixmonths-old,\" said a press release issued by the production house behind the film.Meanwhile, the unit is gungho about the way STR (as Simbu now prefers to be called) has carried the film on his shoulders with his acting. Varalaxmi, daughter of Sarath Kumar, is said to have come out with a performance that belies that fact that she is a debutante.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11705981", "title": "Modi may stay away from UP campaign too", "text": "NEW DELHI: While Gujarat CM Narender Modi kept away from polls in Uttarakhand and Punjab, it now seems certain that Modi, one of the most sought after BJP leaders for election campaigns, is not going to canvass in UP too. Sources confirmed that Modi has not yet responded to messages from party authorities seeking to finalise his campaign dates for what are the most significant polls in the run up to the 2014 parliamentary election.Party sources said that M A Naqvi had been asked to coordinate with Modi on when he would like to campaign in UP but Modi has not shown any interest. While his reluctance is being attributed to party president Nitin Gadkari's decision to rehabilitate his bete noire Sanjay Joshi, who is looking after the party campaign in UP, Modi seems to be having second thoughts also because of what is being seen as Gadkari's overbearing role in the entire poll process in UP.\"In an election which may decide who is going to be the next PM, Modi may not want to risk everything by participating in what is turning out to be an out-and-out Gadkari show. Right now, if the party fails in the state, Gadkari will have only himself to blame,'' said a source.Gadkari has dominated BJP's campaign in the state to the extent that he is said to be responsible for the choice of almost all candidates. Many senior leaders are upset that they were not allowed to have any say in distribution of tickets. According to insiders, Gadkari did away with the earlier practice of allowing senior leaders to have their own quota in selection of candidates and instead took upon himself to prepare the final list.The idea of making Uma Bharati contest is also said to be Gadkari's brainchild. Many leaders in UP are said to be upset with the move but this has hardly bothered Gadkari. While he bravely owned up to the decision to admit sacked BSP minister Babu Singh Kushwaha in the party, there is no gainsaying the fact that this hurt the party and even ended up offending senior leaders bringing inner discontent to the fore.It is learnt that Gadkari has been trying hard to rope in Modi for UP elections by sending him feelers through other leaders but Modi has not shown any inclination at all. While dates for visit by other leaders are already decided, there is no word on scheduling for Modi.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11707787", "title": "Five contractors challaned", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Five parking contractors were challaned in Sector 17 after a surprise inspection on Tuesday.During the checking in parking areas, it was found that one parking attendant was not wearing uniform and there also no parking attendant deployed inside the parking area at a distance of 50mt.One attendant in Bank Square, was not wearing uniform and it was also found that 12 vehicles were parked haphazardly. Similarly, 25 vehicles were parked haphazardly in a parking lot.No attendant was found deployed inside the paid parking area at a distance of 50mt and 11 vehicles were found haphazardly parked in parking areas, Gurdev Studio in Sector 17.Mayor Raj Bala Malik issued instructions to the officers concerned to ensure there is a separate fire tenders parking in each parking area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "11708077", "title": "Another electoral battle readies for SAD", "text": "JALANDHAR: With the elections of Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Managing Committee (DSGMC) scheduled on March 11, another electoral battle is ready for Shiromani Akali Dal.For PPCC president Amarinder Singh , this will be an electoral battle through proxy as SAD (Delhi) headed by Paramjit Singh Sarna has been openly aligning with him and even campaigned for the Congress in the just-concluded polling in Punjab.SAD had a considerable clout on DSGMC, sometimes complete sometimes partial; but in 2001, a separate Akali Dal was formed by Sarna under the name of SAD (Delhi) which ended Badal-led SAD's control on DSGMC in 2002 elections in which Badal's party got 16 votes. Sarna further reduced SAD (Badal)'s clout as they got 12 seats in the 2007 elections.Meanwhile, the newly elected house of SGPC is yet to establish its dispensation as its fate is hanging in balance due to the decision of the Punjab and Haryana high court which restored the right of Sehajdharis to vote in the SGPC elections. However, there is still mist over the fate of the newly elected house for which the Sehajdharis were barred from voting.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012  Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11708617", "title": "Moral police to patrol city parks", "text": "GUWAHATI: Love birds in Guwahati will now have to watch out for the moral police before cuddling up at their favourite 'dating spots'. Kamrup (Metro) district administration have chalked out a detailed plan to install round-the-clock vigilance in Guwahati's parks to prevent couples from indulging in public display of affection.Set to patrol the city very soon, the vigilance team will be lead by a lady magistrate and will comprise both male and female police officers. Though the plan has been formulated just weeks before Valentine's Day, officials said the vigilance will continue even after that.\"We often receive complaints from senior citizens and various organisations regarding immoral activities going on in the city's parks. It has become necessary to carry out surprise checks at these spots as common people, visiting the parks with their families to enjoy their free time, find it inconvenient and embarrassing because of the behaviour of couples,\" said Mrinal Gogoi, additional district magistrate, Kamrup (Metro). He added that though the team will be particularly alert in the evenings, it will also conduct surprise raids at parks known to be frequented by the love birds.Welcoming the decision, Asom Sena, a frontal wing of the All Assam Students Union (Aasu), said that time has come for the district administration to match its words with deeds. \"It is a positive move from the administration. It has become necessary to keep an eye on the parks for maintaining healthy social environment. Immoral activities in Guwahati's parks have become a cause of concern. We are not saying that all young couples who go to parks are irresponsible, but many just do not behave decently in public places,\" said Nilufar Rahman, chief convener of the Asom Sena.Priyanshu, a college student, however said that parks should remain free from the moral police. \"Adults knows their responsibilities well enough. Security persons are already appointed in almost all parks in Guwahati and there is no need for this new vigilance team,\" he said. Sikha, who lives in Uzanbazar, agreed with Priyanshu. \"Parks are place where one comes to enjoy some private time. I think the vigilance team is an idea formulated by the administration to disrupt Vanetine's day celebrations like radical organisations across the country,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new model town", "code": "11708064", "title": "Dream wheels arrive from a draw", "text": "New Model Town: There is a humourous take on the saying \"money can't buy happiness.'' \"But, it sure is better to cry in a Merc than on a bicycle,'' is how it goes. And what better when you don't have to shell a penny to park an envy inviting, shining Mercedes outside your door.Sounds like a common dream but came true only in the case of Dheers of New Model Town. Sarjeevan Dheer, a businessman, is an elated man as he won the luxury sedan worth Rs 42 lakh in a lucky draw.Now, as the promised car reached the Dheer residence, the family shared their excitement with TOI.Sarjeevan, owner of Dheer Silk Plaza in Jawahar Nagar market, says it was during Diwali that he bought jewellery from a city showroom for his wife Kanchan Dheer and filled a lucky draw coupon. \"Of the many prizes assured in the draw, the bumper one was the Merc of course. But, i hadn't thought even in my wildest dreams that such would be my luck as I filled the coupon casually,'' says Sarjeevan.He couldn't believe the news when someone called him from Delhi informing about his Diwali gift and thought of it as a prank. But, subsequent calls in this regard sent him inquiring at the local showroom where he had made the purchase.\"I am glad I asked him for the jewellery or else we wouldn't have got the luck to favour us,'' says Kanchan, Sarjeevan's lady luck, his better half. Their daughter Bhavya says she has already spread the news of the Mercedes at her school. \"And now, everyone wants to have a look at the car and has been asking for a party. I am planning a grand party for my friends ,'' adds Bhavya.Her brother Saksham is excited that the car would soon drop him to and pick him up from his school. \"I am sure my classmates are going to be jealous,'' says the smiling boy.Even Sarjeevan's younger brother Dilbag couldn't contain his excitement and distributed sweets to the neighbours as the car arrived. Dilbag's wife Rekha says the family is planning an outing to the hills in the lucky car and she is anxiously waiting for the day.\"Whenever I used to spot this car on roads, I would pray to lord to let me experience the luxury too. I never knew he listens and fulfils so soon,'' says Rekha's son Bhavin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11708562", "title": "19th International Guwahati Trade Fair begins today", "text": "GUWAHATI: To give an opportunity to self-help groups (SHG) of the state for acquiring technical knowledge from foreign participants, the 19th edition of the International Guwahati Trade Fair will kick off in the city on Wednesday.The 14-day fair at Maniran Dewan Trade Centre will showcase exquisite handicraft, jute and indigenous products from Bangladesh, Thailand , Egypt, Afghanistan, UAE, Ghana, Kenya, Nepal, Sri Lanka and Pakistan .\"The Industries and Trade Fair Association of Assam (ITFAA), which introduced the fair in Assam, has done its best to make the event a success. Never before in the history of trade fairs in NE, 10 foreign countries have come together under the same umbrella,\" said Jatin Hazarika, president of ITFAA, NER, while addressing the media here on Tuesday.Rajesh Das, the vice-president of ITFAA, added that 30 companies from Thailand, 50 from Bangladesh and more than five from Nepal are participating in the fair.\"Though Japan is not participating, it is going to be the focus country of the trade fair. The way Japan was rebuild is ideal for the northeast which falls under Seismic Zone V. We have selected a sumo wrestler as the symbol of the trade fair. We expressing our solidarity with Japan,\" said Das. He added that Afghanistan is going to take part in a trade fair of in northeast India for the first time.AK Jha, the director general of National Institute of Entrepreneur and Business Development, minister commercial of Bangladesh High Commission, New Delhi, and commercial counsellor at the Royal Thai Embassy, New Delhi, will attend the opening ceremony of the fair on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11707695", "title": "Punjab IPL team fans hope for dream squad", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Die-hard fans of Indian Premier League team King's XI Punjab (KXIP) are keeping their fingers crossed ahead of the players' auction scheduled to take place on Saturday in Bangalore with many hoping for the return of former players like Irfan Pathan , Brett Lee and Kumar Sangakkara to the team.Fans are, however, bitterly disappointed that homegrown talent Yuvraj Singh might not even feature in IPL-V this time around due to health issues.As things stand, Brendon McCullum , V V S Laxman and S Sreesanth will be among several players from the terminated franchise Kochi Tuskers' who will be up for grabs for the IPL auction on February 4.Other players like Sri Lankan captain Mahela Jayawardene and spin legend Muttiah Muralitharan , besides Indian players R P Singh, Parthiv Patel , Ravindra Jadeja , Vinay Kumar , Ramesh Powar and V R V Singh would also be there.Talking to TOI, Aneesh Dhawan, a resident of Sector 22, Chandigarh, said, \"The KXIP team, which played last year's IPL, was not a balanced one as was evident from the side losing too many matches once their top order collapsed. However, Paul Valthaty was the best thing to happen to KXIP and his performances helped us almost make it to the play-offs. But the team is sorely missing having Brett Lee and Irfan Pathan, as apart from Praveen Kumar , no other bowler managed to do well against other teams.\"Priya Singh, a resident of phase IX in Mohali, said, \"I was really sad that Yuvi (Yuvraj Singh) left KXIP and went to the Pune team as being born and brought up in Chandigarh, he should have remained with the Punjab team. I learnt that he may not play in the entire IPL-V because of his lung ailment and that made me really unhappy. Even though he played for Pune last time around, my friends and I still cheered for him. I hope that the Punjab IPL team manages to get some marquee players in the auction this time and bring the success that the team's fans crave.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11707608", "title": "Youth educated to combat lifestyle diseases", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A team of doctors have been visiting city colleges to educate the city youth on how to combat lifestyle diseases. From showing documentaries to giving sessions of yoga, the team under the Indian Council of Medical Research grant project, has conducted these sessions with five city-based colleges.The department of community medicine, PGI has been giving lifestyle intervention packages to the students. This includes yoga, spirituality, meditation, philanthropy, nutritional counselling and physical exercise.A website of the project () has been developed by Dr Gaurav Chhabra, an activist. For spiritual orientation students of GCG-11and GCM-11 were taken to the Ramakrishna Mission, Sector 15, Chandigarh, for a discourse. A booklet entitled \"Mantras to healthy life - A Salutogenic Approach\" will also be published in February. It will be distributed free of cost to the students.A faculty from the Yoga College of Education, Sector 23, Chandigarh, has been conducing yoga sessions for GCG-11 and GCM-11. The students were also shown a health related short film.The preliminary results of the project will be presented in Indian Public Health Association Conference 2012 in Kochi, Kerala by the research fellows. The principal investigator of the project is Dr Amarjeet Singh, professor, department of community medicine, Chandigarh and Dr Sonu Goel, co-investigator. The duration of the research project is 2 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11707527", "title": "Hazare rubbishes speculation about wrong medication", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aiming to scotch speculation on the allegedly wrong medical treatment given to him at Sancheti hospital in Pune, activist Anna Hazare on Tuesday denied that he had been given medicines with a \"malafide intent\".Hazare also said it was wrong to link Dr K L Sancheti's Padma Vibhushan with his health. The statement came days after yoga guru Baba Ramdev alleged that Hazare's condition had not improved because of wrong medication administered to him.\"It is being said that I was given overdose of medicines and some (medicines) were not needed. I don't think that I was given medicines with malafide intentions. May be, my body cannot accept these medicines,\" Hazare said in a statement.Noting that Dr Sancheti was a Padma Vibhushan awardee, he said it was wrong to link it with his health. \"He was awarded for his services for 40 years. I congratulate him,\" Hazare said.Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal also refuted adverse reports regarding Dr Sancheti.Hazare flew down to Delhi from Pune on January 29 and was admitted to Medanta Medicity where he underwent a series of medical tests.The 74-year-old activist was treated for acute bronchitis at a hospital in Mumbai earlier this month after he called off his hunger strike for a strong Lokpal bill midway. He was discharged on January 8.Defending Dr Sancheti, who treated him after his fast in December, Hazare said he knew the physician for the past 25 years and he did not subscribe to the allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11707620", "title": "Syndicate OK for science city", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University syndicate on Tuesday approved setting up a science city on university campus. Modalities and details of the proposal are yet to be finalized.The house also approved the introduction of online application forms for various entrance tests to be conducted during the year 2012. Syndics constituted a committee to look into the problems being faced by the colleges regarding various add-on courses.A committee was also formed to look into the issue of granting affiliation to short duration certificate courses, imposing a ceiling on seats, imposing of fine, etc. in affiliated colleges.MoUs with the certain universities and institutes were approved: National Bureau of Animal Genetic Resources, Karnal; Bureau of Police Research and Development, MHA, New Delhi.The house accepted the recommendation of the committee constituted to look into the API pro forma for librarians and physical education staff that the UGC CAS pro forma should be adopted in toto.The meeting of the newly-constituted syndicate began with a welcome statement by the vice-chancellor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "11707414", "title": "Absconders in CPM district committee", "text": "Midnapore: Dipak Sarkar was re-elected as CPM's West Mindapore district secretary for the seventh time. The 72-year-old CPM leader had been holding this post since 1992.This time the district committee comprises 70 party members, including eight new faces. Sushanta Ghosh who is in jail for his alleged involvement in the Garbeta skeleton case was also retained, along with Tarun Roy, who is absconding in the same case. Other absconders who found place in the district committee are Ahmed Ali , Manik Sengupta, Shyam Pandey and Meghnad Bhunia. Fullora Mondal and Anuj Pandey who are absconding for their alleged involvement in Netai case were also retained along with Sukur Ali and Tapan Ghosh who had been chargesheeted in Nandigram case.CPM state secretary Biman Bose said party members were implicated in fabricated cases. \"I am yet to get a copy of the chargesheet filed in the Nandigram case. Over 250 cadres had been killed since 2007.There is a conspiracy going on against us and we shall overcome it.\" He also criticized baby deaths and wanted more health employees to improve health infrastructure. \"We are also condemning the arrest of Dr Mani Chhetri. He is 93 and is a well known doctor of the country.\"He also lashed out at the government for series of peasant suicide and said that the paddy purchase was not taking place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11707045", "title": "Experts discuss issues related to social justice", "text": "LUCKNOW: A two-day national seminar on 'Exploring Growth Opportunities with Social Justice in the Economically Marginalised State of Uttar Pradesh', organised by the department of economics, University of Lucknow, concluded on Tuesday.Circle head, Punjab National Bank , VP Jain said, \"For inclusive financial inclusion, we should know the reasons for their exclusion and then make effective policies for implementation. The development mechanism should be such that the ground realities should not be ignored for social justice.\"Prof Yashvir Tyagi emphasised on issues such as constraints of governance, demographic and infrastructure facilities - both social and economic that emerged during seminar deliberations. He said that these issues may help in releasing the forces of economic growth in Uttar Pradesh.Head, department of economics, Prof Harsha Mohan pointed out that India has been able to maintain an impressive rate of economic growth during the past two decades. \"UP has also experienced around 7% growth rate since 2007. However, the goal of social justice continues to be elusive. Therefore, the policy measurers should be devised to ensure growth with social justice,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11708641", "title": "Briton held for jewellery theft", "text": "PANAJI: Calangute police on Tuesday arrested British national Mcmullan Christian, 41, for stealing gold ornaments worth 19.21 lakh from a jewellery shop in Calangute market. This is probably the first time a British national has been arrested for theft in Goa.Police raided his room in Baga and recovered gold ornaments worth 15 lakh. \"We are trying to verify what he did with the rest of the jewellery,\" police said. Christian had allegedly moved into the room after committing the theft. DySP P Mapari said the Briton had hatched the plan with local Anthony Mascarenhas, 31, who works in a shack in Calangute. Police have also arrested Mascarenhas.\"The Briton had met Anthony in the shack and they became friends ,\" police said.They got their opportunity on the intervening night of Friday and Saturday. Complainant Digambar Sangodkar said that on Friday, he had closed his shop at 10pm. Next day, at about 9am, his friend called him informing that the shop's shutter was partly open.Police said Mcmullan arrived in Goa in November 2011 and his visa had expired. \"He was broke and was staying in Goa without a valid visa,\" police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "gonda", "code": "11712738", "title": "Sonia Gandhi kicks off election campaign in UP", "text": "GONDA: Kicking off her election campaign in Uttar Pradesh, Congress president Sonia Gandhi on Wednesday attacked chief minister Mayawati for dismissing her ministers on election eve and asked whether this has cleansed her government.\"The present chief minister dismissed 21 of her ministers on election eve. She was not able to see their corruption in the past five years. I want to ask whether taking resignations made her government clean,\" Gandhi said.\"Is this not cheating the people...not an attempt to cheat the people,\" she asked.Lashing out at non-Congress governments over the past 22 years in the state, Gandhi said that they have all ruined Uttar Pradesh where there has been no one to hear their voices as people of these parties have been involved in misdeeds.\"These parties have done nothing for the state during their governments, they have, however, filled their own pockets\", she said adding that though there had been a lot of change and development in the country and the world, UP has been ruined by these non-Congress governments.Recalling the various coalition governments in the state, she said that though all these parties have joined hands for opportunism and are the same, she can bet that hers is the only political party which has never compromised with those dividing society.The Congress president said that the security and honour of the common man is at stake in UP... there are problems all around.Gandhi said that there is uncertainty in the state that an order might come by which the land of farmers might be acquired for the wealthy.\"It is only the Congress party for which the entire society and all sections are equal\", she said adding that her party has done what it had promised and also followed its election manifesto.Citing various schemes of the central government, she said that UPA government provided Rs one lakh crore to UP for implementing these schemes.The Congress president promised that on coming to power in Uttar Pradesh her party would form the government which is of the common people, that of farmers, women, minorities and youth and is a transparent one.She exuded confidence that the electorate would pay attention on these issues and vote for her party in the coming elections.Assembly elections 2012 newsUP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11708501", "title": "Manipur militant nabbed in city", "text": "GUWAHATI: Guwahati police's operation wing, in association with Manipur police, nabbed Laiphrakpam Sunil Singh alias S K, a People's Revolutionary Party of Kangleipak (PREPAK) militant, from Birubari area in the state capital. Singh belongs to Awang Leikai Khurai under Porompat police station in Imphal East district.Two laptops, important documents and Nepalese and Bhutanese currency were recovered from his possession.\"He is a major lead and we hope to gather important inputs from him. We have found visiting cards of many hotels and other places in Nepal and Bhutan . He is a frequent visitor to these places for sure,\" said an official.Guwahati police has launched an operation to hunt for the top leaders of various Manipur-based rebel outfits believed to be holed up the city. Intelligence sources said that many of the Manipur-based ultras were hiding to Assam, to Guwahati in particular, as a huge force was deployed in Manipur in the run up to the January 28 assembly polls.On January 20, the security forces arrested one militant - later identified as K Tiken Singh - belonging to PREPAK from Jalukbari area in Guwahati with several mobile phones, a laptop and incriminating documents.PREPAK was formed in 1977 to demand expulsion of 'outsiders' from the Manipur. The outfit allegedly received weapons and training from the Kachin Independent Army (KIA) of Myanmar in exchange for cash. Some of the rebels were also trained in camps in Bangladesh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "11706516", "title": "Desert festival from Feb 5, but officials yet to be posted", "text": "JAISALMER: The world famous desert festival will start from February 5 here but surprisingly, except for a deputy director, an officer and a clerk, all posts of officers and employees in the tourism department are lying vacant.Deputy director, tourism, Khemender Singh just joined on Tuesday while the other officer was brought in from Kota recently on temporary charge of organizing the desert festival.The other posts have been lying vacant for the last five years.Tourism in Jaisalmer has been plagued by apathy. Over 6 lakh domestic and international tourists coming to here every year hardly get any help from the tourism department.Due to vacant posts, there were hardly anybody to give publicity to the festival and preparations are yet begin.Many interesting programmes are to be organised during the festival. Camel race, camel polo, turban-tying competition, kabbadi &amp; other various adventure competitions will be organised for the tourists.Tourism department deputy director Ajit Singh said that many new attractive programmes have been included during the desert festival.To bring newness in the cultural programmes held at night, talks are on with North Central Zone and Indian Council of Culture Relations (ICCR). Besides, talks are on to organise BSF's camel mount band and camel tattoo show.He said that the desert festival will be inaugurated with a grand rally on February 5. The centre of attraction will be men sitting on camels wearing traditional attire for participating in Mr Desert competition apart from the tableau of Mumal Mahendra that will present desert culture.The deputy director said that the procession will reach Poonam stadium and the events include ghoomar dance, turban-tying competition for domestic and international tourists, Moomal Mahendra competition, Mr Desert competition, Miss Moomal competition, Mushyak competition etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11712350", "title": "Leaked: Nokia Lumia 910", "text": "Mobile giant Nokia seems all set to reaffirm its re-entry in the smartphone battle. The company which according to analysts estimates sold 1.3 million Lumina units to operators and retailers globally in 2011, recently unveiled Lumia 900 at Consumer Electronics show in Las Vegas .Close on the heels of Nokia 900 announcement, the internet media is abuzz with rumours that the Finnish cellphone maker is readying Lumia's fourth-generation called Lumia 910.According to a Dutch online site Typhone.NL which published the details and later pulled it off, Nokia Lumia 910 is likely to sport a 12 megapixel camera, 1.4 GHz processor, 16GB of storage and HSDPA speed. The phone will reportedly feature a 4.3-inch AMOLED ClearBlack touchscreen display with 480x800 pixel resolution.Though no news on its global launch is available, however, the phone is expected to hit European markets by mid-year.Nokia last month announced Lumia 900 sporting a 4.3-inch AMOLED ClearBlack display with a resolution of 480 x 800. The phone packs 8 megapixel AF camera with Carl Zeiss optics, 720p video recording at 30fps and 1 megapixel front facing camera. Powered by 1.4 GHz Scorpion processor, the phone includes 16GB internal memory and 512MB RAM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11708340", "title": "Mobile ticketing trial on e-way", "text": "GURGAON: A trial of the soon to be launched mobile ticketing on the 32-lane toll plaza on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway, was conducted on Tuesday evening by DSC Ltd, the private concessionaire, in the presence of the traffic police.Contrary to the concessionaire's statement raising doubts on the system, the cops under whose supervision the trial was conducted said it worked absolutely fine. DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora said the department would insist on continuing mobile ticketing as it can help in reducing long queues at the toll plaza. The trial began around 5pm and continued for an hour under the supervision of ACP (traffic) Ravinder Tomer. The concessionaire was instructed to continue the system for the next three days, Tomer said, adding the system would be soon implemented in each lane of the toll plaza.\"I find the system worthwhile but a decision will be taken in the upcoming meeting.\" Meanwhile, the traffic police, on their Facebook page, informed that DSC Ltd has filed a civil writ petition in the Punjab and Haryana High Court against the department to restrain it from opening up boom barriers at Sirhol toll plaza. Seeking commuters' suggestion on the matter, the post further stated that boom barriers are opened only when congestion reaches beyond a particular limit in the interest of the commuters.The DSC Ltd has also sought a compensation of Rs 2.92 lakh from the Haryana government for \"unauthorized\" opening of toll gates by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11708808", "title": "Goa NCP revolt against Bharati Chavan?", "text": "PANAJI: There is anxiety in the Goa NCP that besides Vasco and Tivim their six other candidates might be 'outsiders' cleverly foisted on them by the Congress. A large number of NCP loyalists are blaming central observer Bharati Chavan for this.A NCP veteran said, \"We were earlier demanding 14 seats hoping to get 10. Instead of lobbying for us, Chavan was lobbying for outsiders, hobnobbing with Ranes and Alemaos. There were deals and considerations. It's an open secret.\"Sources said almost 95% of the local NCP is against Chavan and she's been advised not to visit Goa \"at least during the polls\". Several NCP seniors confirmed that Chavan's replacement is imminent, but the party high command has maintained a status quo in view of the busy schedule of other leaders. \"The high command is apprised that there is no need of an observer for Goa now,\" a source said.Chavan refuted the charges, but said she has not made plans for her next Goa visit. She said she has read reports that the state chief wants her out of Goa; \"but he cannot decide. It is the high command who will decide. Everyone knows my ability, especially my high command and the people of Goa. Whatever decision the high command takes will be acceptable to me.\"In Mapusa, Vishwajit Rane's protege, civic chief Ashish Shirodkar, is a contender for the NCP ticket with state chief Surendra Sirsat and Armindo Braganza. Joaquim Alemao's son Yuri may bag the Sanguem ticket. A Congress MLA is pushing for the ticket for North Goa ZP chief Jayesh Salgaocar over NCP VP Suresh Parulekar and general secretary Trajano D'Mello in Saligao. And Rajesh Volvoikar could get the Porvorim ticket over loyalists Fermeena Khaunte and Prabhu Moni.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11707954", "title": "Aircraft which can fly as helicopter", "text": "KANPUR: Techkriti emerged as a platform where students displayed different models, prototypes of futuristic technologies.The students of Thakur Institute of Aviation Technology had displayed a model of an aircraft which can fly both as an aeroplane and a helicopter. Named 'Hawk Eye', it has vertical takeoff and landing characteristics (VTOL).It is a hovering aircraft which uses a combination of 3-axis advance gyro sensors to produce stable yet highly manoeuverable flight. It has a blended wing body which can be replaced as a helicopter. As it has a shape of an aeroplane. Importantly, it can be used for surveillance.This model of aircraft has a camera (from which we can spy), listening bug (from which one can hear the enemy status sitting at own place), anti-collision circuit (from which we can detect any obstacle in front of aircraft), electronic eye, fire and smoke alarm which gives it edge over the other aircraft.It can also be used for military purposes.Students Shaikh Haroon Rashid, Piyush Vairagi and Aniket Salvi have developed 'Hawk Eye' under the guidance of Prof Ravi Teja and Mehboob. The team spent nearly Rs 14,000 in developing the prototype of 'Hawk Eye' and completed it in two months.\"It is light in weight, durable and has no whirling rotor blades to take out the knick-knacks on the mantelpiece. It flies in any direction. It can fly forwards, backward left, right and steer like an aeroplane and helicopter, for which it is named as 'Hawk Eye'. Also, it can hover like a helicopter,\" said Haroon Rashid while talking to TOI.It is made up of a durable styrofoam comprising four small DC motors, which produce r.p.m 2,300 each. It runs on 3 AAA lipo batteries of 11.1V/180mah each. It is electrically operated by an infrared remote control, said Piyush.Haroon Rashid and his team members said, \"The propeller speed up simultaneously so as to lift the aircraft vertically upwards. Due to the aerofoil shape of the rotor blades, when they rotate, they produce thrust from which we get the lift. When the model gets lift it can be in a stable position in the air.\"This plane can also be used as a commercial aircraft. It can be used in thse places where there is impossible to make an airport because this plane can land and can take off vertically. So in future we can minimise the use of small helicopters and can take more number of people from one place to another, for example hill stations, evacuation and rescue purposes.\"It is the smallest aircraft which can be even be flown in areas like malls, hotels , public places like theatres and stadium. We can make different shapes of fuselage as per the place such as in forest, it can be given a shape of any flying bird or in malls. It can also be given the shape as per the design of a room. We can give the shape or color of fuselage as per the situation so that no one can detect the aircraft and we can spy everywhere,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11711255", "title": "Did Shirish misbehave with Priyanka?", "text": "As the incident between Shah Rukh Khan and Shirish Kunder dies down, there's another rumour that is also going around.According to some people, it seems that Shirish was in an inebriated state and misbehaved with several women at the party. Apparently, when Priyanka Chopra walked in, he allegedly said something to her as well. Once SRK walked in, Shirish, as the story goes, kept badgering him. The last straw according to some reports is when he whispered something into Shah Rukh's ear. Some people allege that it may have had something to do with Priyanka.Now that the dust has settled and all is well between SRK and Shirish, it looks like the truth will remain with the two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11706527", "title": "5 crore water arrears haunt 1.45 lakh citizens", "text": "NAGPUR: Inordinate delay by the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) in getting approval of the state government to waive off water arrears amounting to 5 crore has left 1.45 lakh consumers to face various problems.NMC had increased the water tariff to Rs 8 per unit with effect from April 1, 2009. Citizens continued to get three or more times more of water bills leading to strong protests.The BJP-led ruling party had taken a decision to reduce the water tariff to 5 per unit and waive off the additional amount recovered from consumers. The water tariff was reduced from October 1, 2010. Therefore, NMC had to waive off 1.25 crore recovered from 1,15,410 consumers and give credit of 8.69 lakh to 27,051 consumers for a period between January 1, 2010 and September 30, 2010.Meanwhile, the NMC replaced the existing water meters of consumers in Dharampeth Zone, where the pilot project of 24x7 water supply was implemented, with foreign-made meters before April 1, 2009. Many consumers complained about meters moving very fast because of which the bills were just increasing mani-fold.The ruling party had taken a decision to accept bills only up to 50 units and waive off the remaining amount. Thus, NMC has to waive off around 3.08 crore to 3,327 consumers.In this regard, the general body passed a resolution to waive off the entire amount. Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal sent the resolution to the state government on August 20, 2011. Since then, the NMC has failed to get it approved from the government.Citing pendency of the proposal, the water works department has continued to add arrears with the latest one and send the bills to the consumers. Thus, the citizens have continued to get bills also up to 7 lakh. Though the citizens are paying the latest amount, arrears are keeping them worried. Adding to the woes, NMC has been increasing arrears by charging interest at 18% per annum.Social activist Ravi Kaskhedikar told TOI that the NMC had assured to waive off the amount recovered in an illegal manner from the consumers. \"The general body had given the approval and the proposal is pending with the government. Then why should the arrears amount be added to the latest amount that too with interest. It is the responsibility of NMC to get approval from the government. NMC gets approval on issues that it requires to but when comes to water arrears, it cites delay by the government. It is nothing but passing the buck,\" he said.Executive engineer Shashikant Hastak said the NMC is pursuing the matter with the government. \"The decision is pending with the government. NMC had already made it clear for waiving off the amount. The arrears will have to be added in the bills with interest until it the government nod,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11711025", "title": "UP students best in country", "text": "NEW DELHI: One of the most comprehensive surveys of the learning achievements of Std V students shows that Uttar Pradesh children have outclassed their counterparts from the rest of India.The study, undertaken by the NCERT, has revealed that the mean achievement of Uttar Pradesh students in language (71.12%) and mathematics (72.89%) is the highest in the country, while in environmental studies, Mayawatis state (67.15%) is behind the topper, Tamil Nadu (72.30%).In comparision, Maharashtra has performed the best in language (63.87%), followed by environmental studies (57.81%) and mathematics (57.70%). But a key feature of the performance in the state is that rural children have outshone their urban peers in mathematics.However, in all respects the performance of girls, rural children and percentage of students getting more than 80%Uttar Pradesh has outscored the rest.UP boys and girls equally goodThe NCERT survey of class V students, carried out between March and May 2010 under the direction of Avtar Singh, head of department of educational measurement and evaluation, tested over one lakh children in language, mathematics and environmental studies in 31 states and is more exhaustive than Prathams Annual Status of Education Report. The NCERT followed the internationally-recognised principle of Item Response Theory (IRT) in which a student is graded on each item asked rather than on a total test. The last such comprehensive survey was conducted in 2006-07 but IRT was not followed. The HRD ministry has decided to make the survey a regular affair.In language, students were asked questions based on comprehension and also asked to identify, evaluate and interpret a text. In maths, they had to do subtraction based on the decimal system and answer questions on geometry and number system. In environmental studies, questions were asked on health and economic problems.In mathematics, UP is followed by Karnataka (61.53%), Delhi (58.89%), JK (58.4%), Madhya Pradesh (58.68%), West Bengal (57.74%) and Orissa (56.02%). In language, Tamil Nadu (65.89%) follows UP. West Bengal (64.29%), Karnataka (61%) and Delhi (59.89%) are the others that have done well in language. In environmental studies, Karnataka ranks third with a mean score of 66.59%. Students from MP (58.85%), West Bengal (58.75%) and JK (58.45%) have also fared well. The mean percentage of Bihar students stands at 49.4% in mathematics, 45.47% in language and 47.44% in environmental studies.Girls have outperformed boys in Daman and Diu, Delhi, Goa, Mizoram, Kerala and Puducherry. In case of UP, the performance of boys and girls has been at par. In mathematics, the mean percentage of boys is 73.34%, while it is 72.49% in case of girls. A similar marginal difference can be seen in the other two subjects too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11705706", "title": "Water cuts in parts of city tomorrow", "text": "PUNE: There will be no water supply to parts of the city between 10 am and 6 pm on Thursday as repair works are to be carried out by the electricity department.Affected areas are Bhusari colony, Ramnagar, Bawdhan, Bhugaon, Sus Road, Baner, Vidhate vasti, Balewadi, Pashan, Sutarwadi, Paramhansnagar, Shastrinagar, Warje, Malwadi, Ahire, Gondhalenagar, Hadapsar, Magarpatta, Mundhwa, Nagar Road, Wadgaon Sheri, Kharadi etc.Following areas will receive low pressure water supply on Thursday - Karve Road, Erandwana, Deccan Gymkhana, Sutardara, Dahanukar colony, Paramhansnagar, Karvenagar, Gandhi Bhawan, Mahatma society, Happy colony, Gosavi vasti, Canal Road, Gokhalenagar, Model colony, Bhosalenagar, Aundh, Bopodi and Khadki.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11708256", "title": "2 HUDA officials appear before Lokayukta in \u2018over Rs 1.70L cr scam\u2019", "text": "GURGAON: Two senior officials of HUDA appeared before the Lokayukta for a hearing on Monday. However, no official from town and country planning department turned up for the hearing.Lokayukta had asked the town and country planning department and HUDA officials to appear in the Chandigarh office for hearing in the case of alleged misappropriation of public funds worth over Rs 1,70,000 crore. The trigger for the case is a complaint by Raman Sharma, president of Progressive Gurgaon Forum. Raman Sharma had alleged that HUDA and TCP department were hand in glove in a scandal involving Rs 1,70,000 public funds, thereby taking the city and its residents for a ride.The Lokayukta had asked the various officials including D P S Nangal, HUDA Chief Administrator; T C Gupta, director of Town and Country Planning among others, to present their defence. Only V K Nirala and Naresh Pawar, HUDA executive engineers, appeared before the Lokayukta on Monday. Both the executive engineers explained that they have not got the documents related to the complaint following which Raman Sharma was asked to provide them the documents. The HUDA officials have been asked to appear before the Lokayukta on April 17. The officials of the town and country planning department have been asked to appear on March 2.Raman Sharma, in the rejoinder filed before the Lokayukta in June 2011 has alleged that the government agency was involved in the scam entailing such a big amount in the name of development and fooling the residents. He said that it was because of the apathy of HUDA and TCP department that the people living in the private colonies are suffering. He claimed that the builders never fulfilled their promises made in the licence.Raman Sharma said, \"There has been a major fraud in projects concerning roads, stormwater drains, sewerage system, sewerage treatment plants, encroachments and others all over the city. The government officials put up the bills without doing the work, wasting huge sums of government money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11706740", "title": "Scuffle at Gujarat University exam centre", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A scuffle ensued between a professor and leaders of youth Congress along with a senate member after the teacher asked the leaders not to enter the building opposite the Gujarat University library which was an exam center on Tuesday.The student leaders were trying to get into the complex when the teacher met them and asked them not to enter the building since it was an exam center. This led to a verbal exchange of words and a scuffle ensued. The matter was resolved when a group of teachers intervened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11707376", "title": "Districts to have more child welfare officers", "text": "PATNA: Social welfare minister Parveen Amanullah said here on Tuesday that the system for protecting the child would be strengthened with appointment of more child welfare officers and child protection officers in the districts.Speaking at the sidelines of Special Juvenile Police Unit (SJPU) Training Workshop here, she said that the names of the people involved in protection of child rights are being considered for constitution of Juvenile Welfare Boards at the level of districts. The police stations would be child-friendly in protecting the child and in deliverance of justice to juvenile delinquents under the provisions of Juvenile Justice Act, Amanullah added.The workshop was organized jointly by the state (home) police with the Unicef to train and sensitize the police officials who have been assigned the job of implementing the provisions of Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act, 2000, and Rules, 2007, to provide justice to the juveniles in conflict with law and to protect the rights of the child as provided in different legislations.The workshop was attended by the police officials, including SPs, DSPs and inspector rank officers, from different districts, involved in providing juvenile justice, protection of the child through the District Juvenile Police Unit and the Special Juvenile Police Unit at every police station. The District Police Juvenile Unit has the duty under the Act and Rule to coordinate with the District Juvenile Justice Boards and the Juvenile Welfare Board.Under the Act every police station has to have a designated SJPU which is to be manned by an inspector rank officer as the SJPU officer for implementing the Act provisions and to provide protection to the children.Addressing the policemen, IG, weaker section, Arvind Pandey, exhorted them to make functional the SJPUs for implementation of the Act and Rules with proper understanding of the laws and rules. He said that this state-level training workshop will be followed by the divisional-level SJPU training workshop at which all the respective SJPU officers would be equipped with the wares to implement the provisions of Act. He said that a clear understanding of the laws and rules by the SJPU officers is imperative to handle with sensitivity the juvenile delinquents.Speaking on the topic, 'Child Protection: The Protective Environment Framework and Issues Related to Child Rights', the UNICEF officer, Mansoor Qadri, said that there must be commitment of the state for child protection. He said that there are as many as 53 legislations providing for protecting the rights of the child and the SJPU officers would be the implementers of those provisions. He said that the District Child Protection Unit has to coordinate with the Juvenile Justice Board in every district and provide protection to the child under a single window.Qadri said that sensitivity towards children has to be developed and protection of the child has to be done in a safe framework by the SJPU officers and at the same time it is important to enhance the life skills of the children. To bring about a change in the system for child protection, the child should be kept at the centre with the home, community and the Juvenile Justice Board being around, he said. Patna High Court advocate Anshuman Pandey described the salient features of the Act and gave tips for easy implementation of the Act provisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11707402", "title": "Uttarakhand polls: Smug BJP, Cong see high voter turnout as favouring them", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress said the 70% turnout would blow away BJP's \"Khanduri hai zaroori\" slogan just like the \"India Shining\" one, turning the month-long suspense over election results into a slanging match with BJP claiming that the Anna factor had brought out the hordes to the polling booths.The massive turnout in Uttarakhand, nearly a 15% jump over 2007, has left the parties dazed, given that winter-time scheduling of polls was expected to bring down voting. The principal players are interpreting the vote in their favour with marginal players swept out of the picture. The beneficiary of the so-called wave remains a mystery.The day after, Congress appeared to have a spring in its walk. Kishore Upadhyay, Congress MLA from Tehri, said the turnout was a clear sign of anti-incumbency and the \"Khanduri hai zaroori\" slogan would meet the same fate as \"India Shining\".BJP, however, said Congress was speaking too soon. Though not many were ready to come on record beyond the usual words of confidence, there was optimism that Team Anna had done the trick. A key party worker said corruption had emerged as a big issue. \"Congress could be in for big surprise,\" he claimed.With their fates sealed, rivals were forthcoming about where the other had erred. Upadhyay said the saffron camp made a big mistake in projecting one man as the panacea to all ills, provoking people to question why he was removed as CM. \"Khanduri hai zaroori, to pehle kya thi majboori\" was a common question during the poll campaign, Upadhyay said.Congress leaders said the exceptional reliance on Khanduri, who hails from Garhwal, provoked the sub-regional feelings in Kumaon region while the opinion poll in the run-up to voting giving BJP sure-shot victory polarized Muslims in Kumaon, Haridwar and Dehradun. It also opened up the schisms among satraps who felt threatened.BJP said the increase in voting was more on account of Anna Hazare whose team campaigned in the state. An aide said, \"The participation of youth and women folk suggests the vote is not anti-incumbency. These are Anna supporters.\"While the debate is sure to continue, assured Congress leaders are already planning the great lobbying game for the top post. Many planned to leave for Uttar Pradesh to campaign, if only to catch the eye of the Gandhi family. \"Who-would-be-CM\" is surely going to be the next big game in the factionalised Congress.In case of BJP, it is clear.Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11707573", "title": "Bright PU students turn down good offers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Fat packages are not quite enticing for all Panjab University students. Turning down offers of nearly Rs 6.5 lakh annual packages, the brightest PU science students are instead opting to study further and choosing other career avenues.Eight out of 10 such students, who were shortlisted following a written test and interview by a leading chain of coaching institutes in the country, declined Rs 50,000 monthly salary offered to them through campus placement.Of 147 students of Masters in Sciences (MSc) course of PU's science departments, who appeared in the interview, only 10 could pass the written test and subsequently the personal interview round. \"The central placement cell and students' council is making efforts to invite companies from a cross-section of fields. Since science students have several options, they do turn down offers. But because of them chances of candidates, who are in need of jobs, get spoiled,\" cited Pushpinder Sharma, president, Panjab University Campus 'Students Council.The dropouts, however, cite reasons of pursuing higher education for not picking up the jobs. \"I appeared in the exam to test my aptitude and I was surprised when I cracked the test since the two levels were tough. I have cracked by National Eligibility Test (NET) and I would prefer studying further rather than taking up a job right now,\" said Richa, a student of bio-chemistry department, Panjab University.In a similar case last year, only six law students finally took up the job offers that they got through the central placement cell.\"On the campus, majority of science students are girls and they have an array of options available for them. Most of them prefer going for other options like studying further or teaching and research. Some of them opt for going abroad, too,\" said S K Chadha, director, central placement officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11707670", "title": "NCC cadets honoured", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Republic Day contingent comprising 156 NCC cadets of the Chandigarh-based directorate of Punjab, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh and Chandigarh returned home on Tuesday.The contingent, which included 36 girls who participated in the Republic Day camp (RDC) held in Delhi, was the second runners-up at the event. A total of 17 directorates participated. The Maharashtra directorate stood first while Karnataka and Goa came second.Additional director general (ADG) of the Chandigarh directorate, Major General M S Virk felicitated the cadets here in Sector 26. The cadets competed in various activities comprising drill, cultural and national integration programmes besides a horse show.Cadet Manjeet Singh of the local directorate was the proud leader of the NCC cadets' contingent for the march past at Rajpath, and got to salute the President of India, a rare honour for any cadet.The Remount and Veterinary squadron under this directorate was adjudged the best in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11708560", "title": "SC orders speedy trial in Jayalalithaa wealth case", "text": "CHENNAI: Setting the stage for speedy completion of the wealth case trial against chief minister J Jayalalithaa in the special court in Bangalore, the Supreme Court on Tuesday rejected the Tamil Nadu government's request for further probe in the case. It, instead, directed the Bangalore special court to complete the trial as expeditiously as possible \"without any interference\" from any quarter.A bench, comprising Justice Dalveer Bhandari and Justice Dipak Misra, passed the order after hearing senior counsel Ashok Desai, who represented TN's Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption; B V Acharya, special public prosecutor in the Bangalore court; and senior counsel T R Andhyarujina, who represented DMK general secretary K Anbazhagan. Last week, when the DVAC's special leave petition against the Karnataka high court order came up for admission, the judges rapped the TN government for coming out with such a request and wondered whether it was yet another attempt to delay the trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11706636", "title": "Residents seek HC help, procession peaceful", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Tazia procession passed off peacefully on Tuesday amid heavy police deployment at Jor Bagh. Six police companies had been positioned at the spot with top officials monitoring the situation round-the-clock. \"Nothing untoward has been reported so far,'' said Dharmendra Kumar, special CP (law and order).Meanwhile, the residents of B K Dutt Colony approached Delhi high court seeking directions to the police to ensure safety of the people. The colony witnessed tension two weeks ago following alleged attempts by a section of people to open the western gate of Shahi-e-Mardana shrine at Kanati Masjid.A division bench of Acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw posted the matter for hearing on Wednesday but at the same time directed the SHO concerned to ensure that the annual Tazia procession from Jama Masjid till Karbala grounds in Jor Bagh takes place peacefully this evening.\"SHO of the area concerned shall ensure that the procession is peaceful and no untoward incident takes place. If any such incident happens, the SHO shall be held responsible,\" the bench said.Filing a PIL, the residents contended that some outsiders - in the name of religious work - have encroached the government land and resorted to violence against them.The residents are living in fear but the police has not been able to protect them the petition said. \"Police have actively collaborated with the outsiders to grab the space within the colony owned by the government\", the petition alleged.According to the petitioners, the outsiders have allegedly attempted to intimidate the residents of the colony by foisting false cases onto them and using the police to threaten and harass them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11707219", "title": "Pitroda dons OBC hat for rural connect", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 'Warm Welcome To Sam Pitroda', read one hastily scribbled placard. Rest of them hailed \"the great leader of Vishwakarma community\" or \"Pitroda the backward icon\". The group awaiting the arrival of the IT Czar at the UPCC headquarters here on Tuesday whiled away their time by merrily posing for photographs as the new poster-boy of OBCs, ensconced with senior leaders rehearsed his lines.They had a vague idea about Pitrodaji's contributions. \"He is a well known messiah of pichda varg (backward community) and could reach the heights only because of the kind patronage of the Congress party,\" a youngster in the caste reception committee said while others vigorously nodded.From Satyanarayan Gangaram Pitroda, an Odisha born Gujarati to Sam Pitorda - the father of the telecommunication revolution in the country and now carpenter Sam, his life has taken quite a turn since the time Rahul Gandhi announced rather dramatically at a rally in Rama Bai Nagar - a predominantly backward constituency - \"the cellphone in your hands is one powered by a policy which was promoted by Rajiv Gandhi and made by this man - Satynarain Gangaram Pitroda who is a Vishwakarma by caste\".Critics saw this as a deliberate attempt to pitchfork Pitroda as the most saleable mascot to take the sheen off the \"homegrown\" OBC rivals like Uma Bharati or Babu Singh Kushwaha, et al. \"So far the charge was being handled exclusively by Beni Prasad Verma. A dapper, smart and super successful Pitroda makes the perfect choice to lure educated youth. They would easily identify with and idolise him, a senior Congress leader remarked hard selling Brand Pitroda in poll 2012.And even as the debate about the Congress's attempt at identity politics rages on, Pitroda himself has no qualms about the new role scripted for him. Last week he flew down to Kanpur to release the UPCC 'Vision document' along with coal minister Shri Prakash Jaiswal and deftly fielded caste queries. \"Yes, I am a Vishwakarma and if can do it so can anyone else,\" he had declared at the press conference.A star attraction at the manifesto release in Lucknow, he reiterated similar sentiments. He admitted that he is a member of the Congress party. \"I have been there since I don't know how many years,\" he said in response to a query. And then belted out the caste ditty: \"I am son of a carpenter and proud to be one.\" He went on to add: \"India offers a lot of opportunities unlike other countries which are going through a downturn. Anyone can reach the place and achieve whatever he did in this country.\"He dismissed media's insinuation that Rahul had specially projected his OBC status for votebank policitcs. \"It is not a matter of projection,\" Pitroda retaliated. \"Rahul only made a statement of fact..where was the option, I am an OBC,\" Pirtoda now a trifle irritated, loyally defended the son of his friend.Though obviously interested in playing a long innings in hinterland politics, the IT wizard and presently advisor to the Prime Minister on public infrastructure and innovation, declared that UP needed to pull up its socks and grow at the rate of 10 to 12 per cent, a higher rate against the national average. The results of telecom revolution, he said, are visible after 30 years since Rajiv Gandhi introduced it. \"We are a nation of connected billions. And the broadband connectivity promised to all gram panchayats in UP by the Congress manifesto would usher in another revolution,\" he said.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11707181", "title": "\u2018Attack on Regency Ceramics a consiprary\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: As the situation continues to be tense in Yanam, Regency Ceramics Limited (RCL) officials said they were yet to assess the loss suffered in the violence.Addressing a press conference here on Tuesday, RCL chairman and managing director GN Naidu said: \"We are still in a state of confusion about how to bail out the company from this crisis.The decision on how to solve this unprecedented crisis can be taken only when we make an estimation of the loss suffered by the company. RCL has an insurance cover of Rs 450 crore and we are in talks with the insurance companies. However, police advised us not to visit the site until the inquiry is completed.\"He alleged that violence was part of a conspiracy hatched by a small section of RCL workers in collusion with some 3,000 goons, who were brought to Yanam from other places.\"To know the larger conspiracy, we demand that the Puducherry government order a CBI probe into the issue. We will not leave those persons who were involved in the murder of RCL president (Operations) Chandrasekahar,\" Naidu added. He asserted that RCL worker Murali Mohan died naturally and not because of police action.The RCL chief said they had not yet decided whether to move the plant out of Yanam, but did not rule out the option.He, however, did not comment when asked whether Amalapuram MP Harsha Kumar had any role in the mayhem. Harsha Kumar is the honorary president of the RCL workers' union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11707562", "title": "Kites terrorise Ballygunge highrise", "text": "Kolkata: Alfred Hitchcock's 'Birds' has turned out to be a bit too real for a highrise in the posh Ballygunge Circular Road area. As in the 1963 thriller, a flock of kites has been terrorizing residents for well over a month with unprovoked attacks. The birds of prey, with razor sharp talons, swoop down on anyone who goes to the terrace of the five storey building.The city is already grappling with another bird mystery - crows have been dropping dead for the past three months or so.A teenage girl had to be given a tetanus injection about two weeks ago after she was clawed in the forehead. Many others have been hurt. This TOI reporter also had a narrow escape on Wednesday when a kite swooped down with talons extended.\"My daughter had gone up the terrace to dry her shoes. A kite immediately swooped down on her and attacked her with its beak. She was petrified. She had to be given a tetanus shot,\" said Kavita Mishra of 52/1 A Ballygunge Circular Road.\"This has been happening for almost a month now. We thought it was one particular kite that was attacking us. But we have seen them swooping down in a pack. We are terrified of going up in the terrace,\" said Prakriti Prasad. His daughter Anukriti, a Class VII student, had a close shave a few days ago when a kite clawed her neck.The inmates of this five-storey building initially thought it was only women and children the kites were attacking. But men, too, have been pecked at or clawed. \"My husband was exercising on the terrace when a kite attacked him. He was stunned. It has become difficult to go up on the terrace now,\" said Mukul Shree Agarwal.Ornithologists and wildlife experts say that kites can become aggressive during the nesting and breeding season. But they are amazed that humans are being attacked this aggressively. \"Kites are very protective of their nest and chicks. But they do not normally attack humans so aggressively. They might peck or claw the head of humans if they feel threatened. But random attacks are unheard of. I am sure this will get over once the breeding season comes to an end,\" said ornithologist Sumit Sen.There is indeed a nest atop a coconut tree adjacent to the highrise. According to experts, kites start preparing their nests to lay eggs from January. The breeding period is in March. And they leave the nest after the chicks are out in about three weeks.\"Kites become aggressive during the nesting and breeding period. But attacking humans this way is very rare. They will stop attacking once the breeding season is over. In the time being the inmates could keep a dummy of a human or a scarecrow. This will scare away the kites,\" said Pranabesh Sanyal, former director of Sunderbans Tiger Reserve.Residents aren't satisfied. \"If the breeding season is the reason for the attacks, why has it never happened earlier? We have been living here for four years and this is the first time we are being attacked by kites,\" said Prakriti Prasad.Whenever the residents have to go to the terrace, they go in a group these days. And they carry sticks. \"We could not use the terrace all winter due to this menace. Almost every household in this apartment has some one or the other who has been attacked by the birds,\" said Pankaj Saxena, a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11708766", "title": "Swiss air ambulance helps its client in Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: International health agencies and health insurance company sent an international air ambulance from Switzerland to Mysore to airlift its client, who, nearly after a month of the incident is doing well. The ambulance arrived at Mysore airport to pick up a foreign tourist who was admitted and treated at Apollo BGS hospital on December 26. The patient was shifted after stabilization and recovery as she expressed her desire to go back to her country since she was alone.Monika Meir (name changed) aged about 65, from Switzerland, had come to a resort in Coorg where she developed massive blood vomiting along with passage of blood in the motion. She was immediately shifted to Apollo BGS Hospitals, Mysore, in a critical state with very low blood pressure on December 23.A team of doctors, headed by consultant gastroenterologist Dr Abid Sattar evaluated her and resuscitated her general condition after giving intravenous fluids and blood. They then performed a life-saving endoscopic procedure to stop the bleeding from the blood vessels in the stomach and food-pipe. She was suffering from a condition called portal hypertension secondary to liver problem, said Dr Abid. The bleeding stopped immediately and she was monitored in the ICU till she got better and fully stable.Since she was alone, she expressed her strong desire to go back to her country, Switzerland. She called the insurance company, which responded immediately, said Dr Abid. \"They were in constant touch with us and promptly within 36 hours of contact, a Swiss Air Ambulance ( REGA) with medial and paramedical staff arrived at Mysore airport from Switzerland via Cochin. After couple of days of treatment in her hometown, she got discharged and is doing well, said Dr Abid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11707519", "title": "Violators of food safety norms go scot-free", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you have been digging into your favourite chicken dish which has not been prepared under hygienic conditions, the seller under the new food safety act can easily go scotfree despite being under the scanner. Reason -- no challan booklet for imposing fine has been approved by the heath authorities.The Food Safety and Standards Act of India (FSSAI) in itself is 'powerful,' with the penalty cost having been raised from Rs 500 to Rs 1,00,000. Though seven different food samples have failed in the city following the implementation of the Act, the sellers have been let off with just a few words of warning.The FSSAI which came into effect on 5 August, 2011 has proved to be ineffective in the absence of a challan booklet to penalize people selling food that fails safety norms. According to officials in the health department, a letter has been forwarded for legal clearance. In the absence of a challan booklet, no fine has been imposed on anyone since the Act came into force.Prior to the FSSAI, the Prevention of Food Adulteration Act entitled food inspectors to impose a maximum fine of Rs 500. However, the challan was issued through a court. \"This new act is a fast track system as the deputy commissioner is entitled to impose a fine of upto Rs 1,00,000. Be it open or packaged food, all standards have to be met,\" said a food inspector of the UT health department.He added, \"But none of the sellers whose food samples have failed this time have been fined in the absence of a challan booklet.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11707733", "title": "Holi rush surges ahead of time", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even though more than a month remains for the festival of colours, Holi, the waiting lists for trains to Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and West Bengal have grown exponentially over the last 10 days.Officials are contemplating whether they should add additional coaches to the existing trains or start supplementary trains on all three routes to address the impending issue.Speaking to TOI, Chandigarh railway station superintendent Praveen Kumar said, \"The trains to Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and West Bengal are expected to run full from February 18 onwards. We expect the situation to continue till around March 10. We have already spoken to senior authorities in Ambala divisional headquarters about providing us with additional coaches or an additional train to run during this period.\"He said, \"Trains like Lucknow-Chandigarh Express, Howrah-Kalka Mail, Unchahar Express, Sadbhavna Express and Dibrugarh-Chandigarh Express have all been booked and the waiting lists around 10 days ago, have grown from around 85 to 225 passengers on Monday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11708527", "title": "State govt taking all measures to make Assam polio-free", "text": "GUWAHATI: Around 46 lakh beneficiaries all over the state will be vaccinated in the first round of the Pulse Polio Immunization Programme for 2012, which will begin on February 19.\"The target group consists of children up to the age of five. The number of beneficiaries (children) will be about 46 lakhs this year and we will have around 22,000 booths across the state,\" Ananta Bhuyan, joint director of health services said.He also said \"The vaccination programme will be held on February 19, February 21 and February 22. We will also organize house-to-house activities where the ANM and anganwadi workers will visit and sensitize the people and on February 25, a dosage session will be held.\"This time, the health department is emphasizing on putting up transit booths at different bus stations, railway stations and ghaats where doses will be given in two shifts. \"We want to put up transit booths in every possible place. No place will be left unattended. We are giving doses in two shifts in these booths. Other than that, we will also have mobile teams for the different char and hilly areas as in these areas, there are many temporary settlements and thus, children are sometimes left out here,\" he said.Bhuyan said, \"Around 150 district-level observers have been engaged, with four to five in each district. We have engaged two block-level officers in each block and also have sectoral-level supervisors for different dispensaries.\"\"We want to eradicate polio from the state totally and the state government is taking every possible measure to make Assam a polio-free state,\" he added.This time, the health department is emphasizing on putting up transit booths in different bus stations, railway stations and ghaats where doses will be given in two shifts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11705390", "title": "Step out to vote, urge activists", "text": "PUNE: A fortnight from Tuesday, over 25 lakh citizens will have the opportunity to exercise their right to chose candidates for the next civic body. Civic activists, hoping that the voting percentage will be higher than it was in 2007, have urged the middle and upper class voters to exercise their franchise.Abstaining from voting is a discomfort for candidates and political parties too. In 2007, as many as 27 corporators secured less than 15% votes while 77 others got less than 25% votes. Observers said that for the last five years, 104 out of the 144 corporators may have been elected fairly, but did not enjoy the support of the 'majority' voters.Only five corporators got more than 35% votes. They include BJP's Varsha Tapkir (40.67%), Congress' Deepak Mankar (39.58%), NCP's Anil Bhosale (38.44%), Anand Alkute (37%) and Bapu Pathare (35.23%).\"People who complain against quality of politics and politicians must choose the best candidates. Those who will not vote cannot speak about the city's development. The civic election is much more important than any other election as it directly affects our lives,\" civic activist Vivek Velankar said.President of the National Society for Clean Cities (NSCC) Satish Khot said that all mohalla committees will reach out to voters in their localities and request them to vote. \"We cannot afford to have a large majority not voting for civic elections. This time, we want to ensure that more than 70 % voters cast their votes on February 16,\" Khot said.The State Election Commission (SEC) has also appealed to citizens to exercise their voting rights. The SEC has permitted polling booths in housing societies and private institutions with more than 800 voters.Political parties are most worried about the poor percentage of voting in the upper middle class and elite localities. In the last civic polls, Rajbhavan ward, comprising plush localities around Pune University, witnessed the lowest turnout (36%).\"People should decide whom they want to vote. Only they can change the picture in the civic body. If people want good governance and corruption-free corporation, the only option available is to vote,\" Ravikant Joshi, a first-time voter, said.Up and down2007 - 53 %2002- 50.56%1997- 60.72 %1992 - 57.80 %", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11708038", "title": "Giant machine lowered for Ph-III rollout", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ball was set rolling for Metro Phase III with the lowering of the 80-metrelong tunnel boring machine at the Chelmsford Club on Tuesday. And DMRC is giving shape to another engineering marvel as it readies its machine to tunnel through the 9.5km stretch from Central Secretariat to Mandi House - a corridor that will take off the passenger load from Rajiv Chowk station which sees a footfall of at least 4 lakh a day.\"Designing of the pit took six to eight months. Once that is through, the boring machine \"Designing of the pit took six to eight months. Once that is through, the boring machine will be assembled in the shaft for excavation till Janpath\" will be assembled in the shaft for excavation till Janpath,\" said Kumar Keshav, director, projects and planning, DMRC. The tunneling machine was assembled and meticulously checked in Chennai and then dismantled. It was then brought to Delhi where it will be reassembled at Chelmsford Club.The technology helps to balance displaced soft soil by creating equivalent air pressure. First the cutter head will be fixed over the tunnel eye to cut through the soil with the muck trails dispersing soil. This will then be picked up by gantries (cranes) and dumped into trucks. The reassembling of the 450 metric tonne machine will take three weeks and will be operational by February 18.The machine was bought from a German company Herrenknecht. It will excavate the twin tunnels from Central Secretariat to Janpath and Janpath to Mandi House. The machine will cut by Shangri La to reach Janpath in four months.\"Two tunnels will be excavated from Central Secretariat to Janpath. Then the machine will be taken out since there is a station in between and then lowered again at Mandi House to resurface at Janpath,\" said Kumar Keshav. The depth of the tunnel at Janpath is 20 metre below the ground. Beyond Janpath, the depth increases to 25 metre below the ground.The Central Secretariat-Mandi House corridor plans to use the mass spring system technology to avoid vibrations being transferred to the tunneling surface. This comes after complaints from residents near the airport link that passing trains shook their homes.This phase will use a record 22 TBMs. Phase I made use of three TBMs and Phase II had more than 14. The Central Secretariat-Mandi House corridor, will have two stations that are slated to be operational by May 2014. Once the corridor becomes functional, Mandi House will serve as an interchange station allowing passengers from Noida and Okhla to board trains at Central Secretariat.DMRC chief Mangu Singh said at a place where there are so many machines in operation there is always a possibility of untoward incidents. \"However, our work is to educate and train people who work at the construction sites. This time we have ensured that no person will work on site who has not received previous training,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11705652", "title": "Wearing helmets may soon be mandatory", "text": "PUNE: Use of helmets for two-wheeler riders is soon to be made compulsory, city police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar said here on Tuesday.Speaking at a programme marking the launch of the official website of the Pune traffic police, Borwankar said that use of helmets has already been made compulsory for the traffic police. The traffic police will soon start implementation of the motor vehicle rule which makes it mandatory for two-wheeler riders to use helmets, Borwankar said.Borwankar said that as per the information compiled by the traffic police, as many as 215 persons lost their lives in road accidents last year because of not wearing helmets. Borwankar did not specify any date from when the enforcement will be started, but she indicated that it would soon come into effect.The police commissioner said that the traffic portal - www.punetrafficpolice.gov.in - would help in spreading the message among people, particularly youngsters, about the necessity to use helmets.Appreciating the initiative of the traffic branch in launching the website, Borwankar applauded the support given by citizens and various corporate groups to make the portal a success. The website was formally launched by additional commissioner of police Chandrakant Kumbhar who retired on Tuesday. Former deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Manoj Patil, who had come up with the idea of starting an official portal of the traffic police, was felicitated on the occasion.The website which provides comprehensive details and information about various traffic and transportation issues has numerous features. It also provides maps of each of the 30 traffic divisions, and the parking and no-parking areas in each division.Citizens can also access information about all the major traffic junctions, as well as traffic signal cycles and the signal timings during day and night hours. Citizens can also access information about autorickshaw tariff card, emergency contact numbers of hospitals, crane services, as well as latest updates on traffic situations.The online portal provides important links to all government offices, transport departments, as well as the Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad municipal corporations. The website also directs citizens to the Facebook page of the Pune traffic police. The traffic police created its page on the social networking site one and half years back. The site has already been receiving a large number of suggestions and complaints related to traffic problems everyday.Details on road signages, rules of road regulations, Right to Information Act, citizens' suggestions and complaints about traffic, helpline numbers, and how citizens can join the SMS alert service of the traffic police, has been provided on the website. The website also has messages by police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar and joint commissioner Sanjeevkumar Singhal. Work on the traffic website had begun nearly one and half years back.Traffic branch comes up with innovative ways to spread awarenessRadio jingles, short films, videos, and a road safety song based on 'Kolaveri D' can now be seen and heard in multiplexes, theatres, educational institutions and across various radio channels from Wednesday.The traffic branch of the city police along with various artistes, agencies and citizens have prepared at least five radio jingles which is an innovative way to spread the message of safe driving.A short film will be screened in multiplexes and theatres from Wednesday onwards. The film, lasting about 46 seconds, demonstrates the need for safe driving to prevent fatalities and serious injuries.In colleges and other educational institutions, a road traffic safety song based on the 'Kolaveri D' will also be screened. The Pune traffic branch, in association with prominent singers and citizens, has prepared the song. The song is also to be uploaded on Youtube , deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre said.Police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar lauded the efforts taken by various agencies, and citizens in preparing the jingles, short film and the rest. \"This is a very innovative and creative idea which has taken shape. The message of road safety will definitely spread among youngsters,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11706964", "title": "Don\u2019t sit on cases, cops told", "text": "Mumbai: The police should not sit tight on a complaint the Bombay High Court said on Monday. It questioned why the Mumbai police was hesitant to conduct a proper probe into a complaint alleging that additional director general (highway traffic) Vijay Kamble instigated an assault.A division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode heard a petition filed by Shubhangi and Nitin Thakur, who are having a property dispute with Nitin's sister Neela Thakoor over a one-storey building at Dadar (W). Neela runs a beauty parlour on the ground floor. Shubhangi's petition alleged that Kamble interfered in the property row with her relatives and at his behest, the police booked her in false cases and were trying to extern her from the city. In July 2011 the HC stayed externment proceedings against Shubhangi. On March 11, 2011, Neela and some of her family along with Kamble (then additional DG (anti- corruption) forcibly entered her house and assaulted her.She alleged that Kamble held her hand while the rest assaulted her. On the court's direction, police commissioner Arup Patnaik filed an affidavit on November 11, 2011, stating that an inquiry by deputy commissioner of police Aswati Dorje has concluded that there is no sufficient evidence to show that Kamble and the Thakoors had assaulted Nitin and Shubhangi and tore their clothes.Shubhangi's advocate Rajiv Patil said despite injuries sustained in the assault the police registered just a non-cognisable complaint and are dragging their feet and refusing to conduct a proper probe under pressure.\"If a cognizable offence is disclosed you cannot sit tight and refuse to probe the complaint. Where is the citizen supposed to go?\" asked Kanade. The judges said after a probe the police can always ask the court to penalize the complainant if the complaint is false. The case was adjourned to February 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "haldia", "code": "11707501", "title": "Warrant against Lakshman", "text": "Haldia: A local court issued arrest warrants against Haldia strongman and former CPM MP Lakshman Seth and 72 other CPM leaders and supporters on Tuesday, a day after the CID submitted a chargesheet against 88 people for their role in a killing spree during CPM's Nandigram 'recapture' campaign in November 2007.In a late-night raid on Monday, the CID picked up two lower-rung CPM leaders named in the chargesheet - Naru Karan and Kanai Bhunia - from Khejuri. The duo was remanded in jail custody for two weeks.CID sources said the raids would continue and it would move court to pronounce all those named in the chargesheet as absconders. Sources said such a move would allow the CID to seize their properties and also attract other legal provisions in addition to the charges slapped on them that carry a punishment of seven years.CID has also moved court against several top West Midnapore CPM leaders implicated in the Garbeta skeleton case in which proclamation orders have already been issued by court. Leader of the opposition Surjya Kanta Mishra said Seth and CPM leader Sushanta Ghosh, who is behind bars in the Garbeta skeleton case, have been framed. \"The party is behind them,\" he said. The indication for this came much before, after CPM inducted most of the senior leaders implicated in the Nandigram chargeheet in its East Midnapore district committee in absentia.The killings took place in the second phase of the Nandigram violence which started on November 6, 2007, with CPM cadres launching an attack from the Khejuri end. Abu Taher, convenor of BUPC, told TOI that they are happy that the \"killer CPM leaders would face trial\". The chargesheet has the eyewitness reports of 138 people, say sources.Among the top CPM leaders named are Asoke Guria, Asoke Bera, Himangshu Das, Bijoy Ray, Amiya Sahu, Prajapati Das, Rabiul Hussain, Sambhu Maiti, Satyaranjan Makar, Sk Rabiul. They have been named absconders. Of the 88 named, only 15 have been arrested.The alleged victims - Balaram Singha, Bhagirath Maiti, Satyendra Gole, Aditya Kumar Bera, Narayan Das and Subal Maji - went missing from a BUPC rally on November 7. The missing persons' wives filed a habeas corpus petition in high court in September last year.The court asked CID to trace the missing persons. In its preliminary report, CID informed the court that all six were murdered and their bodies dumped in Haldi river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11709494", "title": "Dipping conviction rate a sign of 'poor sleuthing'", "text": "Statistics show that most prosecution cases do not find success in court. In 2010, of the total 1.68 lakh criminal cases pending before various magisterial and civil and sessions courts, the prosecution could secure conviction orders in just 1,948 cases, state CID figures reveal. This plunged the conviction rate to an all-time low of 1.15%. The same year, defendants got acquitted in almost 7,000 cases , while another 1.58 lakh cases stayed pending.The numbers were better, though not by much, in 2006, when of the 1.37 lakh cases pending before various courts, just about 2,512 (or 1.83%) ended in convictions. Another 6,366 resulted in acquittal.One of the city's leading advocates, Rohini Salian, argues that the Mumbai police lack legal insight and are clueless how to bring evidence before the court in most instances. \"Most investigating officers do not know how to document their findings. They do not realize that it is not enough to investigate the case; it has to be presented before a judge,\" says Salian, who has been both a prosecutor and a defence lawyer.An RTI filed by activist Jeetendra Ghatge shows that over the last two years the state has not appealed even in 1% of the cases in which lower courts acquitted the defendants. In particular , the prosecution has challenged the verdicts in just 61 cases in higher courts.Wahab Khan, the defence lawyer in the Neeraj Grover murder trial, says that conviction can only be based on evidence that is conclusive, cogent and consistent; otherwise , the court has no option but to acquit the accused. \"If the evidence is weak it will not survive even if appealed in the high court or the Supreme Court,\" he maintains. Khan adds that prosecutors have to work within the framework of the evidence provide to them by investigators.Lawyer Mubin Solkar echoes Khan. He points out that legal supervision is absent in India during investigations , which allows loopholes to creep into the chargesheet. The accused later take advantage of these mistakes to seek acquittal.Special public prosecutor Raja Thakare observes that many senior police officers lack even basic understanding of legal procedures. He recommends that training be given to both investigating officers and prosecutors. \"I have come across so many officers who handle high-profile cases but have no understanding of the very basic laws.\"CASES IN POINTTISS RAPE CASEINCIDENT | Six men wereaccused of gang-raping a 23-year-old US national studying at the Tata Institute of Social Sciences on April 12, 2009 in a suburban houseCOURT VERDICT |The Sewri fast-track court acquitted all six on October 6, 2010. Judge S D Jagmalani held that the prosecution had been unable to establish its case beyond reasonable doubtAPPEAL |The Bombay high court dismissed on June 29, 2011 the state's challenge to the acquittal at the admission stage itselfABHISHEK KASLIWAL CASEINCIDENT |Shree Ram Mills scion Abhishek Kasliwal was accused of raping a 52-year-old woman on the night of March 11-12 , 2006COURT VERDICT |He was acquitted by a sessions court in March 2011. The police admitted in the court that the description of the car in which the incident allegedly took place did not tally with the vehicle seizedAPPEAL |No appeal was filed by the stateNEERAJ GROVER MURDER CASEINCIDENT |TV executive Neeraj Grover was found murdered in May 2008-a crime for which Maria Susairaj and Emile Jerome were arrestedCOURT VERDICT |Jerome was found guilty in June 2011 of culpable homicide not amounting to murder and for destruction of evidence. Susairaj was found guilty only of destroying evidenceAPPEAL |The state has challenged the verdict in Susairaj's caseDERA SACHA SAUDA CASEINCIDENT |Fourteen volunteers of Dera Sacha Sauda were charged with killing a Sikh at a suburban mall after an altercationCOURT VERDICT |The 14 were acquitted by the Sewri sessions court in October 2011. The judge observed that 'the ballistic opinion contrary to evidence' , among other things, 'make the case doubtful'APPEAL |No appeal has been filed yet", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11709529", "title": "Acquitted men walk out of jail, into kin\u2019s arms", "text": "MUMBAI: After four and a half years behind bars, the four men acquitted of the murder of Adnan Patrawala walked out of Arthur Road jail on Tuesday afternoon as free individuals . Special judge S A Deshmukh had on Monday declared Sujit Nair (33), Ayush Bhat (23), Rajiv Dhariya (28) and Amit Kaushal (29) not guilty of all charges. They were booked under Indian Penal Code sections for murder, extortion, conspiracy and destruction of evidence.All formalities for their release were completed by Monday evening. The four were greeted by eagerly awaiting family members or friends as they stepped out of the prison. Music aficionado Bhat was smothered with kisses by his mother, who came along with his father and younger brothers. Asked what he would do first on reaching home, Bhat replied, \"I just want sleep on my bed.\" As the media frenzy grew, Bhat was whisked away by his family in an SUV.Nair, a native of Kerala, was the only one whose family did not come to receive him. Before riding off on a bike with someone, Nair said, \"I have belief in God and now I have belief in the law. I want to go home for a while.\" Home minister R R Patil, meanwhile , said the state will study the verdict and file an appeal. \"We will also appoint a special counsel,\" he added. Special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam said on the phone: \"I am in Delhi for another matter. I will look at the judgment and then decide what to do.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11708270", "title": "Fraud case against 2 for duping home buyers of lakhs", "text": "GURGAON: Police registered a case of fraud against two persons working in a real estate company and allegedly duping unsuspecting home buyers of lakhs of rupees. The incident came to light after a group of eight complainants approached the Sector 29 police claiming that the accused, Gajender Nagpal and Nikhil Nigam, representing Unicorn Real Estates Pvt. Ltd, had promised an apartment to each of them in an upcoming project in Sector 73.The accused, according to the FIR registered on Monday, had taken Rs. 5.98 lakh from each complainant promising individual bookings of an apartment in Today Homes and Infrastructure Pvt. Ltd. (Canary Green) in Sector 73. The complainants have provided details of the cheques issued by them for the booking.According to the police, the accused had also promised that in case the bookings are not successful, they will return the booking amount of Rs 5.98 lakh with an appreciation amount of Rs 3.80 lakh to each applicant. According to the complainants, the accused had not asked them for any amount towards any further installments for booking of the apartment. \"The accused with the sole motive to cheat us never delivered the letter of allotment towards bookings of our apartments in the project....\" stated the complaint filed with Sector 29 police, confirmed SHO Jagdish Prasad.However, the two accused not only gave fake cheques of Rs 9.78 lakh to individuals which bounced due to insufficient funds but also allegedly forged signatures of the complainants to sell out the apartments in the project to unknown persons. The complainants have also stated that the accused threatened them with dire consequences in case they took the matter up legally. The police are investigating the matter and have lodged an FIR under various sections of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "basant avenue", "code": "11708135", "title": "Jagmeet becomes 'student of the decade'", "text": "Basant Avenue: Sukhwinder Singh Bajaj, a branch manager at State Bank of India, is a delighted man as his 18-year-old son Jagmeet Singh Bajaj has made him proud with his recent accomplishment.A Class XII student at BCM Arya Model School of Basant Avenue, Jagmeet has been awarded the \"Student of the decade'' award and was honoured with the Mr BCM title as well. The recognition has turned him a hero not only at his school but also in his locality.The Bajaj family recently threw a special party celebrating their son's achievement. Sukhwinder said Jagmeet has been interested in music since he was a child. \"As a matter of fact, even I wanted to be a musician, but could never become one because of my shy attitude.He is fulfiling all my dreams now and I want him to be an IITian,'' said the father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11707225", "title": "Senior citizens' groups release agenda for polls", "text": "NASHIK: Senior citizens have put forth their demand for safety and security across the city ahead of the municipal elections scheduled for February 16. The senior citizens' groups active in prabhag 40, 52 and 53 in the Nashik East division has demanded security and safety for the elders in the city and has asked for an old age home in every division.\"Life is very difficult for some of us pensioners. Some have to pay for staying in the house of our wards. In such cases, homes for the elderly will make their lives bea-rable to some extent,\" said P S Joshi, former officer with the State Bank of India (SBI) and a resident of Rajeev Nagar, prabhag 53.The three aforementioned prabhags mainly house middle-class salaried people and government employees from various state-owned government agencies and undertakings. They have formed many senior citizens' associations in the city, like the Krutartha senior citizens' group, the Life Mission senior citizens' group, the Shatayushi senior citizens' group, etc. They have a lot of members on their rolls and organize a variety of programmes every year.\"At this age, our movements are restricted and slow. All that we do the entire day is play with our grandchildren, visit temples and meet at the same places every evening. This involves a lot of travelling, which is difficult because of the lack of traffic discipline. Civic and law-enforcing agencies need this priority,\" said Indira Nagar resident Chandrakant Shimpi.The Bhagwati Gas Road connecting the highway and Indira Nagar via Rane Nagar and Rajeev Nagar has been developed into a 60-feet wide road, but has neither a divider nor a footpath for pedestrians. \"It is difficult for us to cross the roads or even walk along them. There are three schools and big residential colonies here. The widening of the roads and good surfaces only inspire motorists to drive even faster. Do the elderly and kids not have any right to use the roads?\" asked senior citizen Rajan Mali.Shatayushi group has nearly 250 members and officials from the group say they are grateful to the corporators in all the areas for their support. \"What we need is special attention when development work is on. Rubble ends up being spread on the road and it is difficult for us to negotiate oncoming traffic while walking,\" said Joshi, one of the members of the group.Local Vijay Sangle commented on the Rajeev Nagar Vasahat, \"This slum is a nuisance - in the sense when in rural areas there is punishment for open defacement, in the city like Nashik this is not looked upon. The corporators are responsible for ensuring cleanliness of the area and they have not been doing so,\" he alleges.The demands are not much, but very few and these can be implemented upon by the corporators.Senior citizens want:- More old age homes- Security- Barricades to be put up when development work is on- Enforcement of traffic discipline- Safety on roads for the elderly and the kids- Dividers on the widened roads- Footpaths- Health benefits from the NMC", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11706607", "title": "Where was Ishrat killed ?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Where were Ishrat Jahan and the three others killed? This question has foxed the CBI which recently took over investigations in this fake encounter of 2004.CBI's dilemma is fuelled by contradictory reports by earlier investigators of this case. Documents submitted to CBI by the Gujarat High Court-appointed SIT in the Ishrat Jahan fake encounter case has raised several questions on where exactly the encounter took place on June 14, 2004.CBI officials say that most of the evidence submitted present a contradictory view on the site of encounter. According to crime branch officials the encounter had taken place outside city limits, close to Kotarpur Water Works.The first enquiry to be conducted in this case was by judicial magistrate SP Tamang. According to Tamang, going by the postmortem and FSL reports the time of encounter mentioned by crime branch officials is wrong and the four alleged terrorists may have been killed elsewhere before their bodies were planted near the water works.Next, Gujarat HC-appointed SIT's took over the investigation. After a year-long probe the SIT told the court in its Action Taken Report that the encounter was carried out elsewhere. The HC in its order referred to the conclusions of SIT and said: \"The resultant effect would be that the deaths of the persons concerned have taken place at a place other than mentioned as the site of encounter.\"However, the same SIT had recorded statements of two witnesses who have asserted that the encounter had indeed taken place near Kotarpur water works.A police constable posted in Ahmedabad, Moti Desai, had allegedly told SIT initially that he was on duty at Arham farms near Koba and had seen one of the four persons killed in the encounter. Acting on his senior officers' directive Desai brought the victim to Kotarpur. Desai added that the four were lined up near the road divider before being gunned down. Later, though, Desai retracted his statement and said that he had acted under duress of SIT's members.The second statement was of a CISF official. When Additional DGP R R Verma took charge as SIT chairman then inspector of CISF L S Minj had given a statement in which he said that he was posted at Ahmedabad airport which is close to the Kotarpur water works from 2000 to 2005. On the day of encounter he was on night duty, when one of his constables told him that he had received a wireless message that the guard on a watch tower close to the runway's end had spotted and heard firing take place near the water works. Minj rushed to the watch tower and he too heard shots being fired. Since the shooting was taking place on the road, outside the airport campus he could not do much. He could hear different firearms being fired simultaneously for 20 minutes.Though these two witnesses speak about the encounter spot as Kotarpur water works, the confusion remains. CBI officials are now probing which is the genuine encounter spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "11708334", "title": "Two charred to death in Karnal fire", "text": "KARNAL: Two persons were charred to death in a fire that engulfed a solvent plant in Nilokheri early on Tuesday morning.The firefighters said the incident happened due to short-circuiting and bales of hay lying nearby caught fire. It took the fire engines five hours to douse the flames, and the bodies of the two labourers were extracted from the site. The victims were identified as Lila Ram of Butana village and Ram Pal of Sandhir village.A labourer Ram Kumar said the hay caught fire Monday evening also, but was controlled; however, the blaze engulfed the place around 3am. SHO Ahmad Jamal Khan said the bodies had been shifted to the mortuary of the Civil hospital and investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11705797", "title": "Nilekani to review UID process to plug gaps", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) will review the procedure and processes of collecting biometric data of 60 crore resident Indians in response to security concerns raised by the home ministry.Home minister P Chidambaram on Tuesday said UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani conveyed that he would spend the next two months doing a complete review, and it would resume biometric capture only in April.\"We have conveyed what the agencies have told us. For the example, the introducer-based model...when somebody introduces somebody, that gives scope for false identity being created, and then there are revelations in the media that people, for a small amount of money, were giving introduction letters.\"That is being brought to Mr Nilekani's notice and then the competition between more than one agency to capture biometrics. We should not overlook the procedure for the quality of capture of biometrics. The standard must be observed. But I am assured by Mr Nilekani that in the next two months, they will do a through review of all the procedure and processes and ready to resume biometric capture in April. Let's wait and see,\" he said.Chidambaram said on January 27, the Cabinet Committee on UIDAI decided that the National Population Register (NPR) and UIDAI enrollments should proceed simultaneously with suitable provisions to eliminate avoidable overlap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11712399", "title": "Daniel Radcliffe feels ready for kids", "text": "Daniel Radcliffe wants to have children while he is young.The 'Harry Potter' actor - who is dating 22-year-old movie production assistant Rosanne Coker - explained while it would be \"ridiculous\" to suggest the couple were going to become parents anytime soon, he considers kids to be the \"most fulfilling\" part of life.He said: \"We both want the same things. But we also know it would be ridiculous anytime soon. I always wanted to have kids young, but I also thought, 'That's going to be hard work.' I've seen a lot of friends become immeasurably happier, but very tired.\"Kids are the single greatest, most fulfilling thing I've seen happen to people. But we've got a lot of fun times ahead before that happens. I have had a lot of youthful enthusiasm left, I promise.\"The 22-year-old star admitted although he doesn't believe in \"fate\", he doesn't think he will ever find another partner he is \"more compatible\" with than Rosanne.Daniel added to Britain's Glamour magazine: \"We went on two dates. Dinner, cinema. And I spent the next year discovering this amazing, kind, funny tolerant person.\"I'm not a believer that there's one person out there for everybody, I don't believe in fate but I do think that when you find somebody who you love, and who loves you, you've got to cling on to them and make it work.\"I really don't see myself looking around much more. I don't think I'll ever find someone more compatible than Rosie.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11708014", "title": "Big leap in prison reform: Tihar gets first semi-open barrack", "text": "NEW DELHI: Finally, the capital is getting its first semi-open jail. With nod from the lieutenantgovernor and the chief minister, it is expected to be in place by April within the Tihar Jail complex.Around 100 convicts will benefit initially from the semi-open jail (SOJ ), which will be created by converting the barracks in jail number 5, said Neeraj Kumar, director-general (Delhi prisons ), during the annual press conference at Tihar. However, the number of inmates in this section will increase with time, said Tihar officials. A committee, headed by the DIG and with the jail superintendents as its members, will select the convicts for SOJ.\"The convicts will remain within the jail premises but will be released out of their jails in the morning and can work during the day in an open environment. They will be able to do PWD work, horticulture work or work in the Tihar Haat where jail products aresold. Whilethey will work in an open environment in the day, they will return to the special jail area where they will have greater freedom as well. Convicts with good conduct will be selected for SOJ and this will encourage other convicts to strive to be at this jail as well,\" said Tihar DIG R N Sharma.The SOJ convicts will live as close to a \"normal work life\" as possible. \"The inmates will leave the jail premises to work for a stipulated time period (from 8am to 6pm) and come back to their cell before night. They will be allowed to work within a certain radius of the prison complex and there will be no one overseeing their work. This is in furtherance of our furlough facility, where more than 260 prisoners have availed of such a facility for seven weeks in a year and not a single complaint has come for this,\" said a senior jail official. Furlough is granted to convicts with a good record of three years.The SOJ complex is expected to further the rehabilitation, reformation and reintegration of convicts. Their selection will be based on strict criteria, said jail officials. Convicts sentenced for more than five years but less than 10 years, with their remaining sentence of less than two years, will be eligible for the semi-open jail. They must have maintained a good conduct during their sentence and have executed their allotted labour excellently in this period. \"Convicts who have availed of either three paroles or furloughs and nothing averse against them came to notice during their temporary release will be favoured,\" said a senior Tihar official.The convicts against whom there are pending court cases or who are considered dangerous will not be eligible. \"Those who are involved in serious prison violence like assault, outbreak, riots, mutiny or escape, or who have been found instigating serious violation of jail discipline or involved in offences such as dacoity, terrorist crime, sedition, kidnapping, smuggling or under the NDPS Act as well as foreign prisoners or members of organizedcriminal gangsshall notbe eligible for SOJ,\" confirmed a senior official.According to jail officials, there are 32 open jails in the country and 2,500 prisoners have benefitted from these. The open jail in Sanganer near Jaipur is the most advanced open jail, with prisoners staying with their families, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11713299", "title": "Now, attending school also important for IIT aspirants", "text": "NEW DELHI: Performing well in school will become more important for IIT aspirants from 2013. It's almost decided now that at least 40% weightage will be given to class XII marks for admission to the 15 IITs as well as other engineering institutes in the country.No wonder schools are elated. Calling it a step in the right direction, principals say the new policy will make sure that science students preparing for engineering entrance exams in class XII attend classes and focus equally on their Board exams. The move is also aimed at curbing the business of coaching centres which simply 'equip' candidates to crack competitive exams caring little for concept-based teaching.\"It's a right step as now students will focus more on school. Many children in classes XI and XII skip classes to go for coaching. Or they often have long classes after which they do not attend school to do self-study. The coaching institutes only equip students to crack an exam. Parents' money also gets wasted in the process as not all can get through,\" said L V Sehgal, principal, Bal Bharati School, Ganga Ram Hospital Marg.D R Saini, principal, DPS R K Puram, added, \"Education should be wholesome. But these days some schools have come up which tie up with coaching institutes. These schools just charge fees for enrolment without the need to attend classes. They, instead, let students spend their time preparing for competitive exams at coaching centres.The new admission policy for IITs will put a stop to that practice. Besides school performance, the candidates will be evaluated through a common aptitude test in place of JEE and AIEEE.According to D V Khakhar, director, IIT-Bombay, a single test will also help get rid of the multiplicity of entrance exams. \"Students, who have done well in school, are welcome in IITs. It's time coaching centres were regulated.\"The Joint Admission Board of IITs will take a final decision on the policy at its February 18 meeting, however, coaching centres say they will not be out of business. \"We train students for competitive exams. We will absorb the changes introduced in the entrance test and adapt ourselves to new training methodology.Besides, we make sure our students focus on school,\" said Ajay Antony, course director, TIME. K Gopal, director, Narayana Institute, added, \"With school performance being considered, students will have to perform much better in class XII Boards too.They can't score in the nineties without special assistance. That's where we come in. Not just for competitive exams, students need coaching institutes for doing well in the Boards too.\"Aspirants have their own concerns. Shekhar Chaudhry, a class XI student from Janakpuri, who travels to Ber Sarai for IIT coaching every day, said, \"Many like me have already enrolled in a two-year programme to prepare for IIT-JEE. Such a change should have been introduced from 2014.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11707305", "title": "Mumbai, Delhi vie for spot in Unesco heritage list", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai's Victorian and art deco district with its neo Gothic monuments and art deco buildings in south Mumbai has moved a step closer to being listed as a World Heritage Site.The Maharashtra government's official entry was submitted to the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization's (Unesco) headquarters in Paris on Tuesday, and the plan prepared by the Mumbai-based Urban Design Research Institute will now be put up on the Tentative List of Unesco's world heritage sites.But Mumbai will face stiff competition from Delhi, which is the second entry from India, vying to be on this list. A Unesco note describes a tentative list as an inventory of those properties, which each \"state party intends to consider for nomination during the following years\". \"States are encouraged to submit in their Tentative Lists, properties which they consider to be cultural and/or natural heritage of outstanding universal value and therefore suitable for inscription on the World Heritage List,\" the Unesco note said.More than a badge of honour or the prestige of being acknowledged by Unesco's World Heritage List, the inclusion of the city's Victorian and art deco district will help raise awareness among citizens and tourists, and a step in the right direction towards preserving Mumbai's heritage.Last year, CM Prithviraj Chavan wrote to Union culture minister Kumari Selja to send Mumbai's proposal as the official Maharashtra government bid for a World Heritage Site. Selja visited Mumbai last year to view a presentation made by conservation architect Abha Narain Lambah and urban researcher Sharada Dwivedi.\"It was vetted by the World Heritage Advisory Committee, India, on January 20, and sent to Unesco for inclusion on India's Tentative List for World Heritage Site,\" said Lambah.The story began in 2003 when Unesco world heritage centre organized a seminar on Modern Heritage in Chandigarh to highlight the need for greater representativity of 19th and 20th Century heritage on the Unesco List. \"In case the dossier and management plan are prepared and approved by culture ministry by next year, this may well be India's official entry for World Heritage Site in 2013,\" Lambah said. The tentative list submitted to Unesco is titled 'The Victorian &amp; Art Deco Ensemble of Mumbai, India'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11706464", "title": "MADC deal with Infosys held up at last minute", "text": "NAGPUR: The deal between Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC), the agency developing Mihan-SEZ, and IT major Infosys has been held up at the eleventh hour.The signing-in ceremony for allotting Infosys 100 acres of land in the SEZ had been planned for Wednesday. However, last minute changes had to be made as the company continues to negotiate on certain conditions on the agreement with MADC.The function was scheduled to be held in Nagpur with MADC's vice-chairman-cum-managing director UPS Madan and senior executives of Infosys being present. Now, while all of them will be present in the city, the deal will not be signed.Infosys has been bargaining hard with the state government company which is hard-pressed to get fresh investors in the SEZ so that funds start trickling in. Earlier, it was insisting on getting a perpetual lease instead of a 99-year tenure as available to other investors in Mihan-SEZ.Though it is learnt to have accepted MADC's terms on the lease clause, Infosys continues to seek relaxation on the time-frame for setting up the unit. \"No relaxation has been done on the rates which are presently pegged at Rs 60 lakh an acre,\" MADC sources said.Madan, who confirmed his visit to Nagpur, said that the deal will not be signed on Wednesday as certain issues remain to be sorted out.\"Though an in-principle agreement has taken place, it may take a few more days to sign on the dotted line,\" he said, adding, \"The Infosys team will be visiting the site, there will be other prospective investors too.\"The MADC chief said that the lease period will continue to remain at 99 years.Madan added that Infosys wants some relaxation in the time-frame, from the regular three year period. The company wants to develop the project in phases, while MADC wants the it to take off entirely at the earliest. \"It will be seen as to how far each can compromise on their respective stands,\" he said.The sources said the IT major wants a relaxation on the MADC condition of consuming the entire floor space index (FSI) within three years. FSI is the allowable quantum of built-up space as against the vacant land.MADC offers FSI that is 1.5 times of the vacant space. But it also stipulates that it has to be entirely consumed within three years. An extra charge has to be paid for the subsequent construction. Infosys wants this condition to be done away with.According to former president of Vidarbha Industries Association (VIA), Suresh Agrawal, the MADC should weigh the investment offered and jobs being created by the company. \"If it is the same as other investors, then there should be no relaxation in the terms and conditions,\" he said.speakoutnagpur@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11708139", "title": "Fake cops rob off senior citizen", "text": "INDORE: Two miscreants looted a 65-year-old man in the garb of cops in Vijay Nagar area on Tuesday.Victim Shyamlal Jaiswal is the resident of Rajat Jayanti Complex in scheme number 54. He was at the market when two bike-borne youth intercepted him and asked the reason for wandering in the market, police said adding that one of the accused was around 30-year-old and another was in his fifties.They told the old man that a murder had taken place in nearby area, so he should return to home, and suggested him to wrap his gold ring in a handkerchief and keep them in the pocket, police said. But the ring was missing when Shyamlal reached home.Police have thereby registered FIR against the two unidentified person under section 420 of IPC and the investigations are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11706441", "title": "BSP denies tickets to three corporators", "text": "NAGPUR: Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) has announced a list of 96 candidates for the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) polls on February 16. However, continuing its trend across India, the party has denied tickets to sitting corporators, including Devendra Waghmare, Archana Shende and Habib-ur-Rehman Ansari.The party even denied a ticket to its spokesman Uttam Shewde and some other office bearers.Of the four corporators that represented BJP in the 141-member civic house, only Harshala Jaiswal, corporator from Balabhau Peth, managed to get a nomination from Dhammadeep Nagar prabhag.Kishor Gajbhiye, a BREM corporator from Chandramani Nagar ward, who recently joined BSP and former corporator Vikas Nagbhide got tickets.Sitting corporator Habib-ur-Rehman, who is also Asi Nagar zone panel head, had sought a nomination from Mahendra Nagar while Archana Shende and Devendra Waghmare had sought tickets from Thavre Colony and Panchasheel Nagar prabhag. However, BSP while denying tickets to these people fielded Gautam Gedam from Mahendra Nagar and Shabana Parveen from Thavre colony. Party has given chance to Pratap Surayanshi instead of Devendra Waghmare from Panchasheel Nagar prabhag.In the 2002 NMC polls, the BSP led by Mayawati had debuted in NMC and won nine seats, with Vishranti Zamre, Ashok Yewle, Vikas Nagbhide, Kavita Landge, Rahul Telang, Sanjay Jaiswal, Pushpa Bedse, Deepak Jambhulkar and Rahul Darwade representing it. The three-member Nari prabhag was entirely dominated by BSP candidates. Of these nine corporators, only one candidate Deepak Jambhulkar had contested from (SC) reserved ward, while all others had been elected from general wards.With nine corporators in hand, especially from South and North Nagpur, the party leaders had been so upbeat then that they even asked the Congress to accept a BSP corporator as mayor if it wanted the party's support in a post-poll alliance. However, when the Congress turned down that request, BSP opted to be neutral, and did not join the BJP-led opposition in civic body either.However, in the last term, four BSP corporators had supported BJP candidate Archana Dehankar to become city mayor. In reciprocation, the BJP for the first time supported BSP's Habib-ur-Rehman Ansari to get elected unopposed as zone panel head of Asi Nagar.Habib Ansari told TOI that the party has not given any reason for discontinuing his candidature. He had made all efforts to build the party in Asi Nagar zone, however, now he has decided to contest elections as an independent candidate from the same ward.Former BSP corporator and senior leader Sanjay Jaiswal said, \"In the last five years we may have gone down from nine sets to four, but we were not out. This year, we have given maximum thrust on North and South segments, and set up a target of winning at least 20 to 25 seats.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11706609", "title": "State Human Rights Commission takes suo moto cognizance in Vishwa case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat State Human Rights Commission (GSHRC), working on an application by Vishwa Patel's father, has taken a suo moto cognizance and has asked Ahmedabad city police commissioner to file a report in 15 days.As per a notice by GSHRC issued on Tuesday, the commission found the case of Vishwa Patel to be that of a violation of human rights and thus the cognizance has been taken. The notice also mentions that if the city police fail to do so, legal action will be initiated against it.Earlier, Suresh Patel, father of Vishwa Patel, 11, a resident of Meera Mangal Flats, Anandnagar, had given an application to GSHRC that his daughter had been missing since January 27. Vishwa, a class VI student, had been to a marriage organized at the flat's common plot at 1 pm and had not returned till 4 pm. The family members searched at all the possible locations including residences of her friends, relatives and school mates but she could not be located.Taking the matter seriously, the city police officials have formed 10 teams working on various aspects of the case. A meeting of surveillance squads of various police stations was conducted by Ajay Tomar, joint commissioner of police, Sector I, on Monday where the teams were formed and roles were assigned.\"We do not want to leave any clue go unnoticed. We have started analysis of the videotapes of the function and photographs taken on the spot. We are also questioning guests at the venue to know since when was she missing and whether she had been anywhere with anyone,\" said Tomar.Suspecting it to be a case of human trafficking, the state human trafficking cell has also been roped in. As per figures of CID (Crime), nodal agency of women and children cell, 3,142 missing children in last four years have not been found in the state. Police's role has also been under scanner as police procedure starts after 24 hours of missing during which crucial time in cases such as rape and abduction is missed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11707974", "title": "Human rights body probe sought into Jindal Steel attack case", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Members of various civil society organizations sought the intervention of Orissa Human Rights Commission (OHRC) on Tuesday to ensure justice for around 200 people who were injured in an alleged attack by security guards of a private company in Angul.The members took out a protest rally to OHRC and submitted a petition saying security guards of Jindal Steel and Power Limited (JSPL) attacked hundreds of people on January 25 when they went to the company office to present their demands. The injured included residents of 40 villages, who were affected by the JSPL project in Angul.Tension had erupted when the villagers were demonstrating near Kaliakata gate of the steel plant last Tuesday, demanding jobs and proper rehabilitation in the project when the security personnel of JSPL chased them. The villagers and security personnel pelted stones on each other, leading to a brawl.In their petition to the OHRC, civil society members said the company's 'hooliganism' and the 'silence' of the administration has made life of poor people affected by the project unsafe. They sought the commission's intervention to ensure people's safety and proper treatment of the injured.Those who lost their land to the project were not getting proper compensation and were frustrated of approaching the company time and again to no avail, the petition said.Most people injured in the incident have been simply lying in the verandah of the Angul district headquarter hospital and are not receiving proper treatment. The injured include at least 50 women , the petition pointed out.Lokshakti Abhiyan president Prafulla Samantaray, who visited some of the injured in the Angul district hospital and participated in Tuesday's rally, said there is an urgent need to ensure proper medical care to them.\"They have been beaten up mercilessly on their lower limbs and back. It appears to be a planned attack by the security guards,\" he said.Speaking to reporters about the situation in Angul, chief secretary B K Patnaik said the district collector has been told to take steps to bring normalcy in the area.\"Bringing normalcy also includes compensation and rehabilitation of the affected. We will see if the company had followed the cabinet decision and properly compensated the people,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "11707403", "title": "Tusker kills pregnant elephant", "text": "Jalpaiguri: A pregnant elephant was gored to death by a tusker at the Buxa Tiger Reserve (BTR) forest on Monday night, apparently when it refused to respond to the male's mating call. The carcass was found on Tuesday morning.Experts say in all likelihood, the two elephants were from different herds, or such an incident would never have taken place. \"It is very unlikely for a tusker to attack an elephant of its own herd, especially when it is pregnant. Elephants live in families and have very strong bonds,\" said V K Sood, conservator of forests, wild life (northern circle).It's surprising that the elephant was alone when the tusker attacked her, say experts. Elephants, when pregnant, always stay in the herd and so it was not likely that the female was all by herself. \"Probably the herd was on the move and it fell behind. That's when the tusker came in,\" said V Shalimath, deputy field director (west), BTR.From the signs found at the spot, it is thought that the tusker suddenly approached the female elephant from behind. But being pregnant, she could not run and join its herd that had moved ahead by then.\"The elephant was trapped inside a small trench. There are signs of struggle,\" said Shalimath.The incident took place at No. 8 compartment of 22 Mile under Rajbhajkhawa west range in BTR. It is believed that when the female elephant refused to accept the tusker's mating call, the infuriated tusker attacked her and kept goring her in the abdomen with its tusks, ultimately killing her.The carcass of the elephant was given to the vulture breeding centre at Rajabhatkhawa after postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11707835", "title": "Bangalore MLAs will raise apartments issue in House", "text": "BJP's Bangalore city MLAs, who last week petitioned chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda and city in-charge minister R Ashoka not to permit new apartments and shopping malls in the city, have decided to raise the issue in the legislative assembly.Taking the lead, NS Nandiesh Reddy and SR Vishwanath said they would be giving a notice seeking discussion on water problem in the city, which is linked to apartments and shopping malls. Citing water scarcity, the city MLAs have claimed that as apartments and shopping malls consume huge quantity of water, the government should give permits for new apartments and shopping malls 25 km away from the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11711129", "title": "Rana Daggubatti opts out of Vetri's next", "text": "The actor and director state different reasons for parting waysIt wasn't long ago that actor Rana Daggubatti and director Vetri Maaran were talking excitedly about working together in Vada Chennai which also stars Simbu. Rana even attended a one-day workshop that was held for the film. But even before the movie could get going, there was a buzz that he had walked out of the project. So what was the cause of this volte face - was it his role, his co-star, a conflict of dates or more? CT gets you the real story...Rana Speaks''I feel very sad that I had to opt out of Vada Chennai. I was very upbeat about signing it as it was my first Tamil film and I consider Tamil to be as much my native tongue as Telugu. I had to opt out because the director wanted bulk dates through March, when he would begin filming the portions of the character that I was supposed to play. Unfortunately, my Telugu film, Naa Ishtam, and Hindi film, Department, were delayed due to many reasons, leaving me no option but to put them on priority. I also just began shooting for a new Telugu film. This left me with few dates to accommodate a new film in the next six months. But, I would like to state that my Tamil debut is long overdue and I'm ensuring the next film I sign will be in Tamil. In fact, Vetri and I are looking at making a bi-lingual film. I also have a long-pending film with Selvaraghavan. 2012 will see me debut in Kollywood.''Vetri reacts''Rana told us about 10 days ago that he'd be unable to be part of the film. I guess he had a different kind of expectation from his character in this film. He felt the role would not suit him and his career plans in Kollywood. He told me he was uncomfortable with a few things in his character sketch and so, we decided to part ways mutually. We're currently scouting for other actors to play that character and an official announcement will be made soon about it.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "11706668", "title": "Buildings on land without NA sanction to be regularized", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Gujarat government plans to regularize lakhs of illegal structures constructed on pieces of land without non-agricultural (NA) permission. \"The matter had been a bone of contentious between revenue and urban development departments over the last four months. Now both have agreed,\" a senior official said. But conditions apply.\"The owners of these structures will, for instance, not be given land title for such plots unless they provide valid proof of their original land owners,\" a senior revenue development official clarified, adding, \"The revenue department's suggestion has been accepted on file. It is now pending for a final nod the high-level ministerial committee headed by state finance minister Vajubhai Vala.\"The state government believes, out of 15 lakh illegal structures that the state government seeks to regularize through the crucial impact fee law, passed in the state assembly in September last year, nearly 60 per cent are those which have been constructed on plots where no NA permission has been taken. Regularizing structures on these plots, officials say, is crucial for the state rulers in an election year.When contacted, a senior urban development department official said, \"We insisted that there should be a single window for charging impact fee to regularize structures which were built on or before March 31, 2011. The matter has been resolved. Illegal buildings on NA plots will be regularized on payment of a certain impact fee in the same way as those of others on filling up the same form.\" At the same time, the state government decided not to provide any clearance to buildings constructed on plots which either belong to the government or the ones government allocated as part of its land reforms policies. \"The impact fee law is very clear about it. Its relevant sections disallow regularizing such buildings,\" the official said, adding, \"In order to regularize these buildings, the conversion fees from new to old tenure, making it plots eligible for sale, will have to be paid separately.\"The officials, meanwhile, are still tight-lipped on when the impact fee rules will be put out, so that people can start applying for regularizing their structures. \"Knowing fully well that this is an election year, the state BJP wants to bring down the quantity of impact fee to as small as possible. Discussions are currently on as to what percentage of the jantri rate should be charged in order to regularize different types of illegal structures,\" a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "gibraltar", "code": "11711552", "title": "Negi holds Sasikiran, joint third at Gibraltar chess tourney", "text": "GIBRALTAR: Continuing his excellent form, Parimarjan Negi held higher-ranked compatriot K Sasikiran to a draw for a share of the third spot after the eighth round of the Tradewise Gibraltar chess congress.Negi, who looks set to cross the 2650 rating barrier for the first time, took his tally to six points out of a possible eight and will now meet top seed Peter Svidler of Russia in the penultimate round.Grandmaster G N Gopal also did well, holding higher-ranked Sergei Movsesian of Armenia to an easy draw as black and also reached six points.Women's world champion Yifan Hou of China caused another major upset in the tournament by outwitting Le Quang Leim of Vietnam .The Chinese joined Michael Adams of England in the lead on 6.5 points and is now performing like a 2859 Elo-rated player, a rating that has never been achieved by anyone in history.Adams played out a draw with second seed Shakhriyar Mamedyarov of Azerbaijan in this round.With Yifan and Adams in front, the Indian trio of Negi, Sasikiran and Gopal share the third spot in an illustrious company that includes Svidler, Mamedyarov, Movsesian, Alexei Shirov of Spain and six others.The next round will be crucial for the final standings and Sasikiran has the best chance of moving forward as he meets lower-ranked Richard Rapport of Hungary .Gopal has a tough customer in Viktor Bologan of Moldova in which the Indian plays with white.Among other Indians in fray, national champion Abhijeet Gupta won a game of fluctuating fortunes against Ismael Karem of Morocco while Koneru Humpy went down to Bologan after an intense battle.Soumya Swaminathan was also on the receiving end against Pia Cramling of Sweden while the exploits of Israeli Danny Raznikov were tough to handle for Rakesh Kulkarni. On the brighter side, Soham Phadke won against Xavier Mastalerz.Negi had his task cut out against Sasikiran in the Brayer variation of the Ruy Lopez and even though the Delhi-based player faltered a little in the middle game, a quick recovery was enough to hold his fort. Sasikiran tried but could not break through.Gopal surprised Movsesian with the French defence as black and the Armenian could not quite find a path to advantage.The middle game featured swift exchanges leading to a rook and pawns endgame where the draw was a just result.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11706478", "title": "Naxal menace forces all candidates to withdraw", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The first phase of zilla parishad (ZP) and panchayat samiti (PS) polls slated in Gadchiroli on February 7 received a jolt following the withdrawal of all the candidates in fray in Korchi tehsil.With terror prevailing among the contestants following the murder of Bhamragad PS chairman Bahadursha Alam a few days ago, the two candidates who had filed nomination for ZP seat and three candidates running for PS seats on Monday - the final day for withdrawal - withdrew their nomination. This left two ZP and four PS seats in Korchi without any contestant.Eight tehsils having 35 ZP and 70 PS seats in north Gadchiroli were heading for elections in the first phase on February 7. Now, with the withdrawal of all ZP and PS candidates in Korchi, the elections in this highly Naxal infested tehsil has been stalled.Korchi has two ZP seats - Korchi-Kotgul and Kotra-Bihiritola. No candidates had filed nomination for Kotra-Bihiritoal ZP seat and two PS seats - Kotra and Bihiritola.Nandu Narote of Adivasi Vidyarthi Sanghatna and independent Ramdas Harami had filed their nomination for Korchi-Kotgul ZP seats. Similarly Pushpa Kodap, and Saguna Korcha had filed nomination for Kotgul PS and while only Dhaniram Hidami had filed a nomination from Korchi PS. After the killing of Alam, none of the candidates had the courage to contest the election.On the final day of withdrawal of nominations, all five candidates, including Hidami who was set to be declared unopposed winner, withdrew their nomination.As many as 25 villages in Korchi tehsil are apposed to iron ore mining projects slated to come in the jungle nearby. These villages had earlier declared their decision to boycott the elections. Even the Naxalites had opposed the mining projects coming in the area.No candidate coming forward in Kotra-Bihiritola ZP constituency to file nominations was the outcome of the same opposition.Now, withdrawal of nomination from Korchi-Kotgul ZP and PS seats has deprived the entire tehsil of candidates.Sources claimed that the administration has forwarded a report to the election commission in this regard, which would decided about the next date for holding elections in Korchi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11708575", "title": "Nurses to intensify stir", "text": "Kochi: The strike by nurses in hospitals in the district continue with managements refusing to accept the demands of the agitators. Lakeshore Hospital has recruited 50 nurses to counter the strike, warning nurses on probation of suspension from service.The 600-odd nurses on strike at Kolencherry Medical College Hospital have intensified their agitation.The Lakeshore management approached the high court on Tuesday seeking an injunction against the strike which it claimed was illegal. The striking nurses however said they served a 14-day notice on January 9 after the management had failed to respond to their strike notice served on November 9.At a press conference in Kochi on Tuesday, members of the United Nurses Association (UNA) and the Trained Nurses Association of India asked the Labour Department to take immediate measures to settle the issue. They were also vociferous in their protest against the statement by the Indian Medical Association against the strike.\"IMA seeking ESMA against striking nurses is but a ploy to protect hospitals, some of which are owned by its members. If the IMA can call for state-wide strike when doctors face a problem, why can't we agitate for minimum wages,\" asked Jasmin Shah, UNA state president. The labour minister has called for an end to the strike in Lakeshore saying the hospital was paying its nurses minimum wages. But association members disputed that claim.Moreover, the hospital has roped in nursing students of Welcare and P S Mission hospitals to counter the strike, which is an unhealthy practice, they said.The bad news for patients is that the nursing staff in more hospitals may soon join the strike. The association said the managements of three hospitals in Kozhikode - PVS, Baby Memorial and National - had been served strike notices.And the nurses in Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences have re-issued a demand notice to the hospital authorities.Lakeshore Hospital has recruited 50 nurses to counter the strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "guru har sahai (ferozepur)", "code": "11708281", "title": "Punjab polls: Clan in mind, border seat votes big", "text": "GURU HAR SAHAI (FEROZEPUR): This sleepy assembly segment bordering Pakistan seems to have truly woken up and come out and voted in droves, making it one of the seats that recorded high polling.One reason behind the record 90% turnout, with total voter population of 1.45 lakh, is being attributed to Sanjha Morcha fielding a Rai Sikh candidate from Guru Har Sahai.Political observers said the area has a large population of around 30,000 Rai Sikhs and it was after many years that a candidate of this community was in the fray, which helped mobilize large number of voters.Interestingly, a Rai Sikh candidate, Sajawar Singh, had recorded two wins from this constituency- as in independent in the1985 elections and as a Congress nominee in the 1992 polls.In 1985, he bagged a vote share of 23.59% of the total 69.60% polled. In 1992, his share rose to 30.86% of the total 62.61% polling.A political expert said the Rai Sikh community was never given importance by the non-Rai Sikh candidates of Congress and SAD during the past three elections.\"This must have made them feeling isolated in the assembly elections conducted in 1997, 2002 and 2007,\" he said.\"But this time, when a candidate from their own community was fielded by Manpreet Badal-led Sanjha Morcha, the community came out in strength to vote to ensure his victory,\" he added.The constituency saw a triangular contest between sitting MLA Rana Gurmit Singh Sodhi of Congress, Vardev Singh Mann of SAD, a first-timer and son of former MP Zora Singh Mann, and Charanjit Singh of Sanjha Morcha.Another significant reason for high percentage is the enrolling of young voters by the election department and distribution of voter identification slips in areas missed earlier by poll officials.\"There was special emphasis was enrolling young voters, and this resulted in 5,000 young voters being added with the help of schools and colleges,\" said returning officer D P S Kharbanda.The distribution of identification slips among the voters from January 25-28 also proved helpful in motivating the voters.Gurinder Dhawan, a resident, said the EC deserved all credit in bringing voters to the polling booths.Rise and rise2002: 71.34%2007: 85.38%Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11709473", "title": "TV, gaming lead to attention disorders", "text": "Rohan Mullick, a ninth grader, faces a tough choice daily-textbooks or YouTube. Ideally, Mullick should have finished reading the 'Diary of Anne Frank' as part of his reading assignment. \"But that's brainnumbingly slow,\" he complains.He went to an online video site and got a gist of the book. \"I got the whole story in 10 minutes,\" he says, gloating.For generations, children have faced distractions and time hogs of different kinds. Today, to a large extent, they are smartphones, tablets and computers.\"With sites like YouTube , and hundreds of TV channels, kids' brains are rewarded not for staying on task, but for jumping to the next thing,\" says Dr Y Machiswala, head psychiatrist, Masina Hospital.Many children nowadays suffer from conditions like Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) because of technology overload. And two of the biggest contributors, according to a recent study conducted by the Iowa State University (ISU), are television and videogaming.\"ADHD might be a medical condition , but it is also a brain condition,\" writes Douglas Gentile, an associate professor of psychology in his research paper . \"Constant media consumption can increase the risk of a medical condition like ADHD in the same way that cigarettes can increase the risk of cancer.\"The researchers assessed 1,323 children in the third, fourth and fifth standards over 13 months, using reports from parents about their videogaming and television habits, and teachers about their attention problems. The study concluded that children who exceeded a screen time of two hours per day were 1.5 to 2 times more susceptible to attention problems.\"It is still not clear why screen media may increase attention problems, but many researchers speculate that it may be due to the rapid-pacing , or the natural attention grabbing aspects that television and video games use,\" writes Gentile . This is especially true for small cartoons and fast-paced videogames.Gentile claims that the pace of TV shows has been quickened by 'the MTV effect' . \"When the channel appeared, it started airing really short music videos, some as short as one or two seconds,\" he writes. As the trend caught on, other TV channels followed with quicker edits. \"When it comes to attention spans, this quicker pace may have some brain-changing effects,\" Gentile writes. \"If the kid's brain is trained to require constant stimulation with flickering lights and fast moving images, then classrooms or textbooks won't be enough to sustain their attention.\"Dr Machiswala concurs with the findings. He recently treated a five-yearold for attention problems mainly because his mother used her smartphone as a free-of-charge babysitter ever since the boy was three.\"With two older kids, she thought of this as a great way to keep the younger one occupied. She would just play cartoons and the rapid moving characters would keep the boy engaged,\" Dr Machiswala says.He has seen that shortening attention spans and excessive media consumption are also causing physical problems in children: obesity , lack of sleep, moodiness, lack of social interactions and vitamin D deficiency.He talks about another patient, a sixteen-year-old student, who had started living in an alternative reality online. \"He used to spend most of his waking time playing videogames and watching online videos,\" Dr Machiswala says. \"He hardly saw sunlight and even had his meals in front of the screen. Technology dependence took him to a different kind of psychosis. The videogames made him violent. When his parents tried to interfere , he started hitting them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11706322", "title": "Railways open incomplete bridge", "text": "GONDIA: Even after holding railway passengers of Gondia to ransom for hours together, the work of the pedestrian bridge at Gondia railway station was not completed in time. However, the incomplete bridge was inaugurated on January 30, for reasons that remain a mystery to everyone.Union minister for heavy industries Praful Patel had refused to inaugurate this bridge some weeks ago unless it was completed as per the demands of the people of Gondia.Looking at the precarious condition of the overhead bridges at Gondia railway station, which divides this business town into two, the construction of the new pedestrian bridge is thought to be of great importance. This proposed bridge was expected to land outside the railway station premises, so railway staffers could not interfere in pedestrian traffic.Praful Patel had refused to inaugurate the bridge about a fortnight back because it was not according to his instructions. However, the railway administration did not take cognisance of these instructions and carried on with their scheduled plan and inaugurated the bridge on January 30, 2012.Many citizens have complained that the railway officials are not bothered about the convenience of local people, and the overhead bridge is an example of this attitude of the railway administration. Citizens are questioning how the railway authorities ignored instructions of a union minister and inaugurate the incomplete bridge on January 30 without any MLA or senior railway officials.Also, besides the pedestrian bridge, many other construction works are going on at the railway station and the contractors are as adamant as the railway staff. They had closed entry to the railway platforms from both sides on January 29, causing severe inconvenience to many passengers. Efforts made by these passengers to meet railway officials and remove these obstruction were to no avail.Neither the concerned railway engineer nor the contractor were available for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11708090", "title": "Rain likely, chilly weather may continue in state", "text": "BHOPAL: Rain may occur at some places in the city and parts of the state on Wednesday while the chilly weather conditions will stay for some more days, said the Met department.There are possibilities of thunder showers at some places in Bhopal, Hoshangabad and Jabalpur divisions, weathermen said. Thundershowers may take place in evening and late hours, meteorological officials added. The weather is likely to remain dry in other parts of the state.Meanwhile, the increased moisture in the air resulted in a minor dip in the maximum temperature. While the minimum temperature remained almost close to normal.The maximum and minimum temperatures in the four main cities namely Bhopal, Indore, Jabalpur and Gwalior stood around 23.6 and 5.8 degree Celsius resectively.Bhopal recorded a maximum of 23.2 (-4) degrees Celsius on Tuesday and a minimum of 10.2 (-1) degree Celsius.Similarly, the maximum temperature in Indore was recorded at 23.6 (-3) degrees Celsius while minimum was 9.6 degrees Celsius.Gwalior recorded a maximum temperature of 23.4 (-1) and a minimum of 5.8 (-2) and in Jabalpur, it was 21.0 (-6) degree Celsius and 12.4 (+2) degree Celsius respectively.The weatherman added that the temperature across the state would again decline to a few notches after clearing of moisture from air.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "kolkata/durgapur", "code": "11707719", "title": "State promises help to revive MAMC", "text": "Kolkata/DURGAPUR: Things seem to be looking up for the new consortium that bought the assets of MAMC - the first heavy machinery manufacturing PSU in the country built with Russian collaboration - in June, 2010. State industries minister Partha Chatterjee on Tuesday promised all help to the consortium led by Bangalore-based Bharat Earth Movers (BEML) at a meeting with company chairman-cum-managing director VRS Nataranjan who called on the industry minister at Writers' Buildings.The revival plan was put on the back burner for two years since 2010 because the JV company was facing problems on two fronts - getting more land from the government on lease and assured orders from CIL and DVC, to make the project viable. BEML was roped in as the major stake-holder (48%) because the other two companies - CIL and DVC - having a stake of 26% each do not have the expertise in heavy machine manufacturing.On Tuesday, the BEML CMD asked for another 100 acres from the state government on lease to suit the company's business plans. The 100 acres of land includeHospital, officers' quarters and township will be built on that 100 acres on the erstwhile MAMC compound that is now under the Asansol Durgapur Development Authority (ADDA).\"The task is less easy than said. There are legal disputes over this proposed land. They have to be sorted out through talks. But before that the company has to send copies of the board resolution to the government over the share holding agreement,\" the industry minister said.\"We have got at least 195 acres from the government. We have gone in for an equity of Rs 125 crore and formed a new company. Now, we are waiting for a shareholder agreement, which gives assured orders from CIL and DVC. If we won't get those orders will manufacture some of our products at MAMC Durgapur plant too. After CIL and DVC board approvals, it will get finalized by March 31,\" the BEML CMD said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11707241", "title": "Crime branch cracks 11 cases", "text": "NASHIK: The crime branch Unit 3 recently cracked 11 crimes pertaining to motorcycle, jewellery and electric motor thefts that took place in the city in the recent past.Acting on the guidance of DCP Arvind Gaikwad and ACP Avinash Ambure, the police nabbed suspect Shankar Kapse of Kundewadi of Niphad and six others from Mumbai and Bilmora in Gujarat and recovered three motorbikes worth Rs 2 lakh, gold jewellery weighing 30 gram, a diesel machine used for extracting sugarcane juice and brass articles used for puja.The police said that Shankar Kapse and his associate Francis alias Pappu Fhasge were also involved in the murder of Subroto Das, whose body was found at Nashik Road a few weeks ago.The crime branch officials also arrested one Sachin Dhongde of Adgao and two others in connection with thefts of electric motors. The police recovered four electric motors worth Rs 20,000 from them.Meanwhile, the police have also taken action against externed criminal Salman Khan who was found lingering near Bytco Signal in Nashik Road. In-charge CP Dhananjay Kamlakar has congratulated the crime branch for their success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11707252", "title": "Drive to infuse life into ward panels launched", "text": "HYDERABAD: A two-month long awareness campaign on the functioning of area sabhas and ward committees of GHMC was launched here on Tuesday to ensure greater participation of citizens in all aspects of governance.The initiative organised by civil society organisations of Hyderabad saw active participation of people representing a cross section of society, including members of resident welfare associations, members of ward committees and area sabhas and activists.The objective of the drive is to infuse life into the ward committees and area sabhas by enabling better citizen participation and decentralising power.The organisers of the drive said they would meet religious leaders of various faiths and convince them to speak at mosques, temples, gurudwaras and churches about the role of citizens in governance.Addressing members of the audience and hailing the movement as a citizen's assertion movement, Mazhar Hussain, convenor of Cova that has initiated the movement, said: \"Activation of area sabhas and ward committees will lead to transparency in governance and will root out corruption. The campaign will be on the city and ward levels. The city level movement will entail three roundtable meetings which will involve prominent citizens, all political parties and ward committee members. The ward level initiative will have public, group and street corner meetings and rallies, among a host of awareness activities.\"Representations from citizens to corporators, area sabha and ward committee members, local officials and political leaders at zonal and circle levels will also be made, he added.Former chief election commissioner (CEC) JM Lyngdoh, who launched the awareness drive, noted that India was at the bottom of the human development index (HDI) and stressed the importance of beginning the campaign by carrying out a survey of areas which fall under the human development index.He said, \"The prerogative for citizens such as ourselves is to try hard to work together and make the best of something which has gone ugly. We are trying to recapture the history of good governance.\"Citizens present at the launch also shared their views on the initiative. While Umesh, a member of the audience, said that the transfer of power from corporator to citizen would be slow and the fight for empowering citizens would be long, T Narsimha Rao, another audience member, felt that the corporator-politician nexus would be difficult to break because they ignore citizen participation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11707249", "title": "No takers for Diggy Raja", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Blame it on apprehending backlash of Hindu voters on account of sarcastic comments on saffron terror or vitriolic attack on Ramdev's black money crusade, but firebrand Congress leader and UP in charge, Digvijay Singh failed to find favour with party candidates, said some Congress leaders. Singh was in the hometown of Gandhis on Tuesday on a day-long visit.Failure on part of many candidates happened despite the fact that party high command had already faxed a message to the party election co-ordinator to utilise the services of star campaigners like Singh as and when they visit the city. But with most of the candidates showing reluctance to arrange for a meeting of Singh in their areas, which are predominantly Hindu pockets, he was left bewildered. Explaining the issue, election co-ordinator of Congress party in the city, Abhay Awasthi said, \"Candidate from city North was suggested about prospects of conducting a meeting at AG office crossing and his counterpart in city South was also briefed on holding a similar meeting near the gate of public sector units in Naini taking notice of a high chunk of voters in the industrial belt. However, both the candidates expressed inability to organise these meetings citing shortage of time as a reason. Singh headed straight to the Magh Mela area and returned to address a meeting of election representatives at a local guest house before releasing the party manifesto in the evening.\"He added that every party has its list of star campaigners who are demanded by almost every candidate in his constituency. Keeping this in mind party high command intimates the local units well in advance about their visit in order to enable the co-ordinators to utilise their services in any form during electioneering.Explaining the issue, Congress candidate Chaudhary Jitendra Nath Singh said, \"We were planning to arrange a meeting of Digvijay Singh in Daryabad and Kareli locality in city South constituency during the evening hours had he stayed overnight. But it was cancelled after he returned the same day\".Some Congress leaders also pointed out that candidate from city North had also planned a similar move in the evening by taking Singh to Beli Gaon and Bakhtiyari locality but with the VIP guest heading back to the state capital in the evening, both the programmes remained un-materialised.Here it would be pertinent to mention that both the above places are Muslim strongholds where Singh's presence would have gone a long way in mobilising Muslim votes in support of Congress candidates, said a senior party leader.Naming the star campaigners of the party, as party leader pointed out that members of Gandhi family including Sonia, Rahul and Priyanka figure high in the list of star campaigners. For wooing the business community, union minister and Kanpur MP, Sri Prakash Jaiswal is high in demand while another union minister Salman Khurshid is most sought after speaker in constituencies dominated by educated class and intelligentsia. Apart from this union minister Beni Prasad Verma is favourite star campaigner in backward strongholds while cine star MP, Raj Babbar's presence in campaigning is also very much in demand.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "11708378", "title": "Gang of women booked for abduction at gun point, extortion bid", "text": "SIRSA: Police on Tuesday booked three women for allegedly kidnapping and terrorizing an ex-sarpanch at gun point and trying to extort money from him.Identified as Manjit Kaur, Manijeet Kaur and Tara Devi of Lohgarh village of neighboring Punjab, the three were booked by city police station on a complaint lodged by Suraj Bhan, the victim ex-sarpanch.In his complaint, Bhan alleged that he had gone to Sirsa city last Wednesday, when the three women approached him and asked him to follow them at gun point. The women took him to a house in a bordering village of Punjab and clicked some obscene photographs of the sarpanch and released him on January 30.A day after releasing him, he got a call from the women demanding Rs 2 lakh as extortion money. When the sarpanch refused to pay, the women allegedly started blackmailing him on the basis of his obscene photographs.Acting on the complaint, police started investigations. Manjeet Kaur has been arrested while police were on the look out for others. Inspector Dalbir Singh, station house officer (SHO), who is investigating the case, said, \"The one arrested by us is being quizzed. We are hopeful of nabbing the other two soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11708247", "title": "Jawan held for extortion", "text": "VARANASI: An Army jawan, Dhananjay Singh, who was extorting money from a truck driver by posing as regional transport officer, was arrested along with his aide Veeru Singh at Dedhgaon village under Suhwal police station on Tuesday.According to police, on getting alert from district control room, the Suhwal police raided Dedhgaon from where Dhananjay and Veeru were caught red-handed. Police recovered a Sumo, one .9mm pistol, a revolver, five live cartridges, cash worth Rs 7,000 and 12 bottles of liquor purchased from military canteen. On the basis of complaint lodged by truck drivers Ramesh Rajbhar and Rambali Chauhan, the police arrested them and sent to jail.Reports stated that Dhananjay had recently arrived at his parental house in Nauli village under Suhwal police station for his wedding. His 'tilak' was scheduled for Wednesday. He had come to Varanasi with his friend Veeru for shopping. While returning from Varanasi, they stopped a truck near Dedhgaon and started terrorizing its driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11706857", "title": "SC order brings cheer to beleaguered CVC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Vigilance Commission welcomed Tuesday's Supreme Court order setting a timeline for giving prosecution sanction in cases against public servants .\"Sanctioning of prosecution by competent authority within a timeframe of four months will be a big help in fighting corruption, and will expedite action against corrupt public officials,\" CVC Pradeep Kumar told TOI.The CVC's response came in the wake of the Supreme Court saying that \"delay in granting such sanction has spoilt many valid prosecution and is adversely viewed in public mind that in the name of considering a prayer for sanction, a protection is given to a corrupt public official as a quid pro quo for services rendered by the public official in the past or may be in the future and the sanctioning authority and the corrupt officials were or are partners in the same misdeeds\".The CVC has been at the receiving end of delaying tactics adopted by various departments to stall prosecution of officials against whom corruption proceedings are pending. As of December 2011, prosecution sanction was pending in at least 24 cases for more than four months.In November, there were 28 cases pending with 17 ministries for over four months. The highest, of 10 pending cases, was with the finance ministry - four of them before the Central Board of Direct Taxes and four of them before the Central Board of Excise and Customs.Some of them are plain bizarre, such as that of Baldev Singh Sandhu, an IRS officer of 1981 batch who was commissioner of income tax in Ahmedabad. His prosecution was proposed on July 13, 2009, but till date, CBDT has not given the sanction. In case of Vivek Batra, a joint commissioner of income tax, the CVC recommended prosecution on November 30, 2010. It is still pending.In case of G J Rao, a former deputy chairman of Chennai Port Trust, the shipping ministry has been sitting on a recommendation for prosecution since November 16, 2010.CVC sources said they regularly write to the departments concerned but in most cases, the responses are not forthcoming.The Supreme Court order has suggested that the government look at amending Section 19 of Prevention of Corruption Act, under which prosecution sanction is required in case of public servants. Until the Act is amended, the CVC will have to wait for department sanctions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11707486", "title": "Nobody in govt barred Rushdie from attending lit fest: PC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre said \"nobody\" in the government prevented author Salman Rushdie from attending the Jaipur Literature Festival and it was the organizers who cancelled his programme.\"No one prevented Rushdie from coming to India. He is a Person of Indian Origin (PIO). He does not require a visa,\" home minister P Chidambaram said when asked why Rushdie had not been allowed to attend the fest.He said a lot of things were attributed to the government without noting the facts. He added that the government had only issued an advisory on January 17 to Delhi, Mumbai and Jaipur that protests were likely to occur when Rushdie visits their city and they were obliged to provide security and take adequate measures.\"That is a routine advisory that we would have sent whether it is Rushdie or anyone else visiting India. If there is a protest likely, we will send the advisory. Nobody prevented him coming to India. Any decision taken by the organizer of the Literature Festival was a decision taken by them and he said so on television,\" the home minister said.\"The decision to cancel the video conferencing was the decision of the organizer, not by the Rajasthan Police. In fact, the Rajasthan Police had said go ahead and have a video link,\" Chidambaram said when asked as to why the proposed video conferencing of the author was cancelled.The ministry has also announced that software giant Infosys Ltd will train 100 engineering students from Jammu and Kashmir every year on advanced Information Technology-enabled services.Chidambaram said the approval committee of Special Industry Initiatives (SII), Jammu and Kashmir had on January 11 approved the proposal of Infosys Ltd to train 100 engineering graduates and Master of Computer Applications students in one year.The minister also described as \"unfortunate, condemnable and rare\" the incident involving some Border Security Force (BSF) personnel beating up a Bangladesh national, adding that the guilty will be punished.Talking to mediapersons here, Chidambaram said the BSF personnel found to be prima facie involved in the incident have been suspended. \"Anyone found guilty will be severely punished,\" he said.A video had surfaced earlier in January showing a man being kicked and beaten by men donning BSF-style dark green fatigues in West Bengal's Murshidabad district along the India-Bangladesh border. The BSF had suspended eight personnel after they were prima facie found involved in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11706458", "title": "Tears for kin, mineral water for officials", "text": "NAGPUR: Strikingly, no officials supervising the rescue act felt a need to show humanity towards anxious and grieving relatives of labourers trapped under the debris with little chance of survival. While there were arrangements for packaged water pouches and bottles for policemen and other officials, only tears rolled down the cheeks of the relatives waiting under the sun hoping to see their loved one come out alive.After a while food packets too reached the cops on duty while the relatives of trapped labourers remained hungry watchers and their children choking on the gases emanating from the rubble. As hundreds of curious onlookers thronged the site, police had to barricade the approach roads.Many kin rushed to the spot after learning of the incident from the media. Lata Kosekar is one such woman whose husband Babanrao, a welder, did not return home. He working with the Khandelwals. \"I have no clue where he is and no one could tell me for sure if he was one of those trapped,\" said the mother of two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "11708856", "title": "Ponda cops recover two bodies in one day", "text": "PONDA: Ponda police have retrieved two male bodies within the span of a day from two different places in Ponda on Tuesday. Both bodies have been handed over to their respective families. Cause of death for one of them is yet to be ascertained.The first body of Anant Joshi, a native of Pontemol, Curchorem, was recovered from his flat at Amrai Colony in Ponda on Monday.The second body of 52-year-old Muththappa Bagalkote, a native of Hubli, Karnataka, was found by truck operators near a road at Curti, Ponda, on Monday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "11710756", "title": "Temple official arrested on charges of embezzlement", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: Executive Officer of Chokkanathaswamy temple here has been arrested for allegedly defrauding funds, collected under annadhana (free meal) scheme and from hundial to the tune of Rs 13lakh.Murugesan had been placed under suspension following series of complaints about him and a departmental inspection was ordered into the accounts of temple, temple sources said.It was found that he had swindled temple funds to the tune of about Rs 13 lakh from the sub-temples including Aruppukottai Vinayakar temple, Pattabiramar temple and Sinigiri Nayakar Trust.On a complaint from Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowment officer and Deputy Commissioner Gurunathan, police ordered registration of a complant and arrested him yesterday and remanded to Judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11707846", "title": "Will try to meet CM if we can find him one day: CNR Rao", "text": "BANGALORE: Scientists seem to be in no mood to take any insult from the government and have openly come out against it. Prof CNR Rao slammed chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda and minister of state for science and technology Anand Asnotikar for not being present at the state science awards presentation. It was organized by the Karnataka State Council for Science and Technology (KSCST) at the JN Tata auditorium on Tuesday.After presenting the Sir M Visvesvaraya, Raja Ramanna, Sir CV Raman, Prof Satish Dhawan and Dr Kalpana Chawla awards to the winners, Rao spoke on promoting science in Karnataka and the government's role. He said sarcastically : \"We'll try to meet the chief minister if we can find him one day.\"Speaking on the need to encourage rural children in science , Rao suddenly broke off and referred to the absence of minister Asnotikar. He said: \"Who is this chap? Who is this minister? Where is he? They don't come to these functions. They've made it a habit of not coming. I had invited him and the CM to the Nano event too but they didn't come, and here too they are absent. It's an indirect insult to awardees and to science.\"\"I've worked under most prime ministers, except Pandit Nehru. I've known that for every Bhatnagar Award, the Prime Minister comes. I also know that Nehru would have been there for every such function . But here we have a habit of people not coming. There should be respect for science and the KSCST. It's not enough if you have good thoughts in your mind, you should demonstrate them. I will tell the minister the next time I meet him. What busy? Nobody's really busy. I sometimes feel it's important to state what you exactly feel. I can say anything, I am not anxious about anything. I don't need any money, income or award. I am just saying this in the interest of science.\"Rao then praised IT/BT and science and technology secretary Vidya Shankar: \"He is outstanding. I know he is very uncomfortable with what I say. But we must speak what we mean, and bluntly sometimes . You just have to state the truth for what it is.\"The scientist said he has a dream of getting the government to build four colleges in four directions of the state. \"The colleges should be of top quality, offering free PU education in science so that all our rural students can benefit. I hope my dream will be realized in a year. I am approaching the CM with this proposal.\"\"Karnataka should be number one in science not because of Bangalore alone. Rural students are deeply intelligent and they should be brought to the centre of education. Shimoga , Haveri, Sringeri, all have very good students. When you say Karnataka is first, first in what? I am reminded of writer TP Kailasam's jokes. Once it was said that his son scored 20 goals against a side in football in the first half. Everyone was left gaping. How 20 goals are possible, that too in the first half ? Then it was found that he was playing against a school for blind children.We have to be careful when we say this. We're in an uncertain state - not very good, not very bad,\" Rao said.Roddam Narasimha said Bangalore is the science capital in the sense that within a radius of 10km, it has a concentration of science institutions one wouldn't find anywhere in the country, and yet this itself is not enough.\"We need a broader representation to ensure that science comes from everywhere. Just one example - for Nehru scholarships , I viewed 125 applications . Of this, only three or four are from Karnataka and one or two of them are good.\" He said research must start at the undergraduate and not post-graduate level.Roddam Narasimha bagged the Sir M Visvesvaraya Award. The Dr Raja Ramanna Award was given to SC Sharma, Dr CV Raman award to BS Shankar Rao, Mahadevappa Kariduraganavar and BS Shankarnarayan Rao, Satish Dhawan Award to Shekar Muddu and Kalpana Chawla award to Shobana Narasimhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11706561", "title": "CBSE launches students\u2019 helpline ahead of exams", "text": "JAIPUR: The Central Board of Secondary Education has launched a helpline number for students facing exam stress with effect from February 1. The centralized helpline number is 1800-11-7002.The board has deputed a team of three counsellors-cum-academicians in the state to assist calls. They include Dr Ashok Gupta, state coordinator of CBSE, Seema Sharma, dean students' welfare of Indian International School and an academician AVS Bhandari.The technical queries relating to exams like time table, pattern of question paper and grading system will be sorted out by the central team based in Delhi. Other calls seeking advice on how to overcome parental pressure, fear of memory loss etc will be handled by team here.\"With every passing year, the number of calls are rising which shows the popularity of this medium. The helpline service has averted many incidents involving students in the past,\" added Sharma, who was counselling students for the past 10 years.The team urged the parents to monitor behavioral changes in their wards during exams. In case they found any drastic change in the behaviour they should either consult a counsellor or doctor.They suggested that initial counselling should begin at home, and parents should spend more time with children during exams. They should be more supportive and keenly observe their wards' behaviour. With peer and parental pressure, the stress levels are so high that sometimes students call up counsellors even at midnight.Students who have flunked or scored badly in their half-yearly exams or pre-boards seem to be most keen on seeking assistance. Counsellors said that in the last lap of preparation when studies are in full throttle, poor marks in preboards can cause major anxiety attacks.Last year, Sharma counselled 5-6 students every day. \"Most queries were general besides a few related to health issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11707883", "title": "He legally hacks criminal minds", "text": "He thinks like a criminal, the underworld doesn't like him and idealists feel he's a bad guy. All of 26, India's topnotch ethical hacker Ankit Fadia is in Bangalore on Wednesday to launch his latest book - 'How To Unblock Everything on The Internet'. Even as governments and top cops salute Ankit's work, this ethical hacker is excited that his father is reading his book. That's because he didn't read any of the 14 previous ones Ankit wrote. This one, concedes the whiz kid, is specifically for nontechnical people. Excerpts from an interview.I really do want to write that thriller and then turn it into a movie.But, of late, the Indian government has been threatening to block Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and other networking sites. India is a democracy and freedom of speech is integral to this stance, unlike China, where 40,000 people have been exclusively employed to block websites . It's not reasonable for India to follow suit. While I don't support pornography, illegal content or piracy, I believe people should be given access to all web content, in offices and outside . I wrote 'Unblock' to counter this situation.At 14, you wrote the 'Unofficial Guide to Ethical Hacking' ; at 16, you cracked and encrypted email sent by the Al-Qaida terrorist network for a classified intelligence agency; at 26, you are known the world over as a computer security expert and cyber terrorism guru with 45 awards to your credit . So much in so little time - do you feel there's anything left to look forward to?Apart from work, I love travelling and wanted to visit 100 countries by 2012. With an Indian passport, I've already visited 97; by March I'll hit the 100th mark! The most memorable so far was my trip to North Korea - as soon as I got off the flight there, my passport and mobile phone were taken away, three people followed me everywhere, and I was put up in a hotel that was right in the middle of a river - there was no escape, and I was thrilled!Your life seems to be the thriller you want to write -- working with bigwigs and cracking the Al-Qaida email? Doesn't it give you the creeps?It does give me the creeps. I have taken an unusual path with criminals underground and cops over it - but it's a big honour to work for my country . I haven't been able to solve cases at times - but then, failure is part of life.What are you doing for India now in your role as an ethical hacker?The cyber law in India is good, but police need to be trained adequately for these laws to be implemented. I've introduced a course at the National Police Academy in Hyderabad, and am getting top cops acquainted with cyber crime. For, to be an ethical hacker, you need to know programming, networking , Unix and be able to think like a criminal!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "11708094", "title": "Polls over, but not politics for Punjab leaders", "text": "PATIALA: After hectic campaigning of many days, Tuesday could have been a day for relaxation for candidates, but most of them did not break their routines and left their homes early in the morning to meet party workers and leaders.While some continued with their meetings, others attended bhogs and other public functions.Union minister of state for external affairs, Preneet Kaur, after seeing her relatives off in the morning, who had come to Patiala to campaign for her son Raninder in Samana, met party workers at her New Moti Bagh Palace.Workers came not only from Patiala city constituency, represented by her husband Amarinder Singh, but many came from Samana also, to meet Preneet.\"We would take care of all after coming to power in March. All have worked hard and we are confident that Congress would form the government,\" she told workers.She also attended a bhog ceremony in a local gurdwara, sources said.Her daughter Jai Inder Kaur and daughter-in-law Rishma Kaur, who handled the poll campaigns of Amarinder in Patiala and Raninder in Samana respectively, preferred to stay with their family members in their palace while Raninder also met his supporters to thank them for their support.\"I have won four elections and would win this time also. I never relax at home and always stay with my supporters. It's the main reason behind my success. Today I have attended two bhogs since morning and have also planned some meetings with my supporters,\" said Congress candidate from Patiala rural Brahm Mahindra.Some other candidates approached by TOI said they may go on vacation with family members after the declaration of results, but they don't have any plan to leave their homes before that. However, they did not give any reason for not having vacations before results.\"No. I don't need time to relax as I get energy by meeting my supporters. I woke up at the usual time in the morning and have been conducting meetings with supporters in my house. Around 1,000 supporters have met me in different groups since morning,\" said Surjit Singh Rakhra, SAD candidate from Samana constituency.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11707102", "title": "India deadliest place in world for girl child", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's official - India is the most dangerous place in the world to be a baby girl. Newly released data shows that an Indian girl child aged 1-5 years is 75% more likely to die than an Indian boy, making this the worst gender differential in child mortality for any country in the world.Infant (0-1 years) and child (1-5 years) mortality are declining in India and across the world, though not as fast as was hoped in India. Simultaneously, most of the world is experiencing a faster fall in female infant and child mortality than in male, on account of well established biological factors which make girls better survivors of early infancy given equal access to resources. The world's two most populous countries, however, buck this trend.Newly released United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs ( UN-DESA) data for 150 countries over 40 years shows that India and China are the only two countries in the world where female infant mortality is higher than male infant mortality in the 2000s. In China, there are 76 male infant deaths for every 100 female infant deaths compared with 122 male infant deaths for every 100 female infant deaths in the developing world as a whole.The released data has found that India has a better infant mortality sex ratio than China, with 97 male infant deaths for every 100 female, but this is still not in tune with the global trend, or with its neighbours Sri Lanka (125) or Pakistan (120).When it comes to the child mortality sex ratio, however, India is far and away the world's worst. In the 2000s, there were 56 male child deaths for every 100 female, compared with 111 in the developing world. This ratio has got progressively worse since the 1970s in India, even as Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Egypt and Iraq improved.The UN report is clear that high girl child mortality is explained by socio-cultural values. So strong is the biological advantage for girls in early childhood that higher mortality among girls should be seen as \"a powerful warning that differential treatment or access to resources is putting girls at a disadvantage\", the report says.\"Higher female mortality from age 1 onwards clearly indicated sustained discrimination,\" says P Arokiasamy, professor of development studies at Mumbai's International Institute for Population Studies, who has studied gender differentials in child mortality in India. \"Such neglect and discrimination can be in three areas: food and nutrition, healthcare and emotional wellbeing. Of these, neglect of the healthcare of the girl child is the most direct determinant of mortality,\" says Arokisamy. Studies have shown that health-related neglect may involve waiting longer before taking a sick girl to a doctor than a sick boy, and is also reflected in lower rates of immunization for girls than boys.Moreover, since the outrage over India's poor child sex ratio came out of census data for children aged 0-6 years, the UN data on child mortality indicates that a campaign against female foeticide alone is not a complete solution. \"Pre-natal and post-natal discrimination are complementarily contributing to gender imbalance,\" agrees Dr Arokiasamy. While pre-natal discrimination in the form of sex-selective abortions is more common among better educated upper income households, post-natal discrimination or neglect is more common among poorer, less educated rural households, he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11707505", "title": "Mansa Devi hospital raided", "text": "PANCHKULA: The drug control officer raided the National Skin Hospital in Sector 5, Mansa Devi Complex, on Tuesday morning and sealed the stock of medicines claiming that this business was going on without licence.Stock of medicines worth about Rs 1 lakh were sealed by the authorities.\"Following a tip-off raids were conducted at this hospital. They were selling medicines without procuring the requisite licence,\" said state drug control officer, Pooja Chaudhary. She added, \"This amounts to running a chemist shop without licence.\"Another targetThe Drug Control officer also raided the Alchemist Hospital, Sector 21, Panchkula and sealed its godown where medicines were being sold to indoor patients as they said the authorities were running it without a pharmacist. Stock worth Rs 8-10 lakh was sealed by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11709649", "title": "Soon, you can drink feni sans the odour", "text": "PANAJI: After pushing for a Geographic Indication (GI) in 2009 for the Goan cashew feni, the Indian Council for Agricultural Research (ICAR) has gone a step further and researched improvements to the distillation process. While this will significantly eliminate the astringent and unpleasant odour of the drink, it will not affect the quality of the product.In fact, the technique will help improve the consistency and quality of feni and aid in making it internationally marketable by achieving international standards.Goa is the only place in India where the entire cashew fruit (cashew apple and nut) is utilized, said ICAR scientist B Barbuddhe.\"The process developed by ICAR to reduce the odour involves inoculation of a consortium of micro-organisms into feni,\" said A Desai, who also worked on the two-year project that was carried out in collaboration with Cazcar distiller.\"The microorganisms work on the feni and drastically reduce the astringent smell while enhancing the flavour,\" said G D Bhakta of Cazcar distiller.\"We've been distilling feni for a few centuries, but our market is limited to Goa only. We cannot go (and market feni) nationally as cashew feni is classified as country liquor,\" he added.Bhakta said that the feni distillers in the state had approached the state excise department and the science and technology department of the government seeking a change in the classification from country liquor to Indian made liquor.Bhakta felt this was important if feni was to reach the distinction level attained by tequila or vodka.ICAR director N P Singh felt the processing techniques employed by Goan distillers were not hygienic and needed to improve to complement the microorganism inoculation technique.Singh lamented the lack of investment by Goan cashew farmers in the crop and felt this was leading to diminishing yields. He stated that around 15% of the crop was being destroyed by CSRB and TMB insects.The processing techniques of feni are not very hygienic. Iron and tin barrels used to store the feni lead to blackening and affect the consistency of the distilled liquor, opined Bhakta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11708615", "title": "Cong, JD(S) flay corporation move to give land for BJP", "text": "HUBLI: Tension prevailed at the general body meeting of the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) for a while on Tuesday when JD(S) and Congress members opposed an alleged move to give land for the construction of BJP party office.Congress corporator Ganesh Tagargunti, who came down heavily on the corporation, said including a resolution in this regard in the agenda for the meeting was not acceptable.\"We oppose the corporation move including a resolution of giving land to the construction of the BJP office despite opposition for the proposal from Congress and JD(S) members,\" Ganesh Tagargunti said. Ganesh said the land was donated to the corporation by Basappa Shettar. Later the corporation reserved the site for the construction of Kannada Bhavan. However, the corporation later decided not to use the plot as it was not enough for Kannada Bhavan.Now, the corporation has unilaterally decided to include a resolution stating that the land will be given for the construction of BJP office in the city, he alleged.It is improper to give the donated land for the use of any political party according to the government policy, he pointed out. Need more public toilets HDMC members unanimously asked mayor Poorna Patil to take necessary steps to build adequate number of public toilets in the corporation limits. Speaking at the general body meeting BJP corporater Shivanand Muttannanavar raised the issue of lack of enough public toilets in the twin cities.\"Many public toilets have been demolished in the past few months to construct new buildings for private parties. The public are going through embarrassing situations because of this. They are forced to attend nature's call in open spaces,\" he said. The mayor promised the house of immediate action. Speed up renovation works. Earlier, JD(S) corporater Altaf Kittur brought the attention of the house to the slow progress of renovation works at Nehru Grounds. \"The work was started about one-and half years ago and the ground remained unavailable for conducting sports events all the while. Steps should be initiated for the speedy completion of the work,\" he added. Replying to him, mayor said that she would see to it that the renovation works finish soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11708774", "title": "Air India shuns payment of rent", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Cash-strapped Air India (AI) owes money not only to its employees and oil marketing companies, but also to the state government. A sum of Rs 17,14,372 towards lease rent arrears from July 2006 is pending, proves records. But what has now irked the state government is the defiance shown by the airline company which has now sought an explanation from it on the rise in rent during 2010 and 2011. AI also wants the iconic Airlines House, the ticketing centre at Mascot Junction in city, to be handover to it.AI in a letter has requested the government to amend and reduce the lease rent amount to Rs 4.5 lakh per cent of land and handover the land to it. The district collector in response to the letter has stated that renewal of lease cannot be considered unless arrears are cleared by AI. \"We had sent a demand notice to AI three months ago but airline management has sought more time citing that sanction for the lease rent arrears must be authorized by their office in Chennai,\" said V S Lalimole, Village Officer, Kowdiar.After the merger of Indian Airlines with Air India last year, the cash-strapped flag carrier has been buried under a mountain of debt and delayed salaries. Air India operates a ticketing office with a skeletal staff of 17 persons at the Airlines House.The Airlines House is situated on 20 cents of land, which was given on lease by the state government on December 4,1982. The rent was fixed at 10% of the market value, at Rs 50,000 per cent, subject to renewal every five years. In 2004, government recalculated the rent but decided to charge the airline only 5% of the market value, Rs 3.9 lakh.Between April 1, 2008 and March 31, 2009 rent amount was increased to Rs 4.5 lakh, 5% of the market value. In 2010, in accordance with a high court order to revise government rentals in keeping with the current market value of a property, the rent for Airlines House was hiked to Rs 9 lakh, which was met with resistance by the Air India management.\"After the merger, there was talk about vacating the building and moving staff to the Air India office, further down the road, located opposite Keltron. There is no point in keeping the building and accumulating rent arrears when the airlines cannot pay its staff,\" said an employee of the Air India Air Transport Services Limited, who participated in a sit-in protest on Tuesday seeking on-time payment of salary.Air India's management is trying to get the Kerala government to hand over the building. In a letter to the District Collector, Air India station manager KD Sivanath writes: \"In our letter from the General Manager (Personnel) Chennai, we have requested you to reconsider the lease rent for the period 2010-2011 to amend and reduce the amount as Rs 4.5 lakhs per cent as compared to the previous and subsequent years. Vide this letter, it was also informed and reminded that the above mentioned land may be assigned to us and consider withdrawing the demand notice already issued...\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11707997", "title": "Odisha reports to Centre on Bondas", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha government recently submitted an interim report to Centre about its preliminary inquiry into the alleged vulgar projection of primitive Bonda tribe by some tour operators.The Union ministry of tribal affairs had sought a report from the Odisha government following media reports that some tour operators put up titillating reports about Bonda tribals on their websites to woo foreign tourists.\"We have informed the Centre about steps being taken to prevent such practice. We are discouraging tour operators from painting tribals in poor light. A final report about the inquiry would be presented soon,\" said an officer of SC &amp; ST development department. Recently, the Bhubaneswar police had booked two tour operators on charges of selling tribal packages in an obscene manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11707866", "title": "Congress to up revolt against Speaker", "text": "BANGALORE: The BJP is preparing to counter the opposition's ploy to stall assembly proceedings till Speaker KG Bopaiah steps down.Following the Supreme Court's strictures against the Speaker in the case of disqualification of 16 MLAs, the Congress , at its legislature party meeting on Tuesday, decided to stall proceedings till the Speaker steps down. The five Independent MLAs have already tried to disrupt the House, demanding Bopaiah's resignation. To counter the attack, the BJP is collating similar strictures passed against presiding officers in Parliament.The two-page note circulated by the party to its MLAs says the Speaker has immunity in parliamentary democracy and no one can challenge the rulings of the chair, including the Supreme Court. It has cited rulings by the Lok Sabha Speaker in 2006, disqualifying MPs with regard to the cash-for-questions scam.In this case, the SC issued notice to the Speaker while hearing the MLAs' petition. The Speaker, in turn, stated that the court has no power to issue notice to him. \"J S Khehar, as Chief Justice of the Karnataka high court, had upheld the Speaker's order to disqualify 16 MLAs (5 Independents and 11 BJP), but Justice Khehar, after elevation to the apex court, has quashed Bopaiah's order by allowing the SLP of disqualified MLAs,\" the note said.On Tuesday, the independent MLAs tried to create a ruckus in the House, demanding the Speaker's resignation. Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda said since the Congress has no issue to discuss in the House, it wants to stall proceedings . \"If they don't have confidence in the Speaker, they should have given prior notice to take up the issue,\" he said.Opposition leader Siddaramaiah took exception to the CM's statement, \"The CM should read the judgment of the SC first and then react. We don't have to learn from him (Gowda) on how to raise this issue in the House.\"The Speaker had called a meeting of the business advisory committee to resolve the issue. However, the Congress stuck to its stand on his resignation.Citizens' charter may be implemented from MarchThe much-awaited citizens' charter which will assure you timely grievance redressal in various government departments will soon become a reality. Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda, who met with senior officers on effective implementation of the Karnataka Guarantee of Services Act, 2011, popularly known as Citizens' Charter , asked officials to expedite the process and implement it from March.Gowda said the government had recently sent some senior officers to Bihar and Gujarat where the Act has been successfully implemented to study the process. The officials have submitted a report, he added.After the Bill was passed in both Houses the government has notified 152 services of 11 departments and it plans to launch the charter services from March 1 in one taluk each in four revenue divisions and one revenue office in BBMP, Bangalore. This will ensure that citizens get their work done at government offices in a timebound manner and officials not delivering service to citizens in time will be dealt with sternly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11706229", "title": "Govt has four months to decide on prosecuting graft: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a landmark verdict, Supreme Court on Tuesday upheld the right of a private citizen to seek sanction for prosecution of a public servant for corruption, while setting a deadline of four months for the government to decide the issue of giving sanction for prosecution of public servants facing corruption charges.According to a PTI report, a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and and A K Ganguly rejected the argument of attorney general G E Vahanvati that Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy , also a petitioner in the 2G scam case, had no locus standi to seek sanction for prosecution of former telecom minister A Raja.The bench said, \"There is no provision either in the 1988 Act (Prevention of Corruption Act) or the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973 (CrPC) which bars a citizen from filing a complaint for prosecution of a public servant who is alleged to have committed an offence.\"The two judges also turned down Vahanvati's argument that the issue of sanction for prosecution of a public servant arises only at the stage of taking cognizance of the case by the court. \"The argument of the attorney general that the question of granting sanction for prosecution of a public servant charged with an offence under the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 arises only at the stage of taking cognizance and not before that is neither supported by the plain language of the section nor the judicial precedents relied upon by him,\" the bench said.While prescribing a four month time-limit for deciding whether to grant sanction for prosecution of a public servant, Justices Singhvi and Ganguly, who wrote separate judgments, said sanction would be deemed to have been granted if the competent authority failed to take a decision within the period.\"At the end of the extended period of time limit, if no decision is taken, sanction will be deemed to have been granted to the proposal for prosecution, and the prosecuting agency or the private complainant will proceed to file the chargesheet/complaint in the court to commence prosecution within 15 days of the expiry of the aforementioned time limit,\" Justice Singhvi said.Stressing that the Prevention of Corruption Act does not lay down a time limit for the purpose, the bench said Parliament may consider \"introducing a time limit in Section 19 of the Act for its working in a reasonable manner\".In his separate order, Justice Ganguly concurred with Justice Singhvi for laying down a time-limit for deciding sanctions. He said petitions seeking sanction must be decided within three months, but added that \"an extension of one month period may be allowed to seek the opinion of attorney general and solicitor general at the Centre and advocate general in states if the process has been started in 3 months\".The order coincides with a growing feeling that sanction for prosecution of public servants facing corruption charges are deliberately delayed to kill the probe. The Lokpal bill, which is stuck in Rajya Sabha, took cognizance of the concern and proposes to do away with the requirement to secure sanction before starting prosecution.The abolition of the requirement has been a campaign theme for Team Anna which welcomed the SC verdict.The right of a private citizen to seek the prosecution of a public servant for corruption is recognized and was famously used by Ram Naik against former Maharashtra chief minister A R Antulay.However, its reiteration by the SC on Tuesday takes significance because it comes at a time of spurt in civil society activism against corruption and when citizens, thanks to the Right to Information Act, have better access to details about shortcomings in the implementation of schemes and delivery of services.In his order, Justice Ganguly held that the right of private citizen to file a complaint against a \"corrupt\" public servant must be treated on part with his right to access the court in order to set the criminal law in motion against a corrupt public official. \"The right to access, a constitutional right, should not be burdened with unreasonable fetters. When a private citizen approaches a court of law against a corrupt public servant who is highly placed, what is at stake is not only a vindication of personal grievance of that citizen but also the question of bringing ordinariness in society and maintaining equal balance in the rule of law,\" the judge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "11708337", "title": "Ex-vigilance inspector booked for taking Rs 7.5 lakh bribe", "text": "ROHTAK: The state vigilance bureau has registered a case of corruption against Daulat Ram, a retired inspector in the department for taking a bribe of Rs 7.50 lakh from the owner of an educational institute in Jhajjar district.The accused had taken money from Yogesh Mohan Gupta, owner of the educational institute, after threatening them with jail for violating the norms regarding functioning of two institutions from one campus.An SVB spokesperson said here on Tuesday that the accused vigilance inspector was posted in Jhajjar last year. He allegedly demanded a bribe of Rs 7.50 lakh to prevent any legal action against the institute. The scared institute owner reportedly shelled out the bribe amount, but approached the vigilance bureau here later in this regard.The department held an inquiry and found the inspector guilty, a few months after his retirement from service. No arrest has been made so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "11707971", "title": "Poll aspirants ride music wave", "text": "CUTTACK: Political parties are taking their pick of popular Bollywood and Ollywood numbers to woo the voters during the panchayat polls. As a result, lyrics of catchy numbers like Kolaveridi, Munni Badnaam Hui, Dhinka Chika and Odia film songs like Balunga Toka are reverberating in every nook and cranny of rural Odisha.While BJD candidates have picked up the chartbuster Kolaveridi to highlight the achievements of their party and clean image of supremo Naveen Patnaik , Congress candidates are using the sizzling tune of Munni Badnaam Hui and Jai Ho to croon about the different central schemes of the UPA government for the poor. Similarly, the BJP is using Balunga Toka and Dhinka Chika to get its message across.The parties are changing the lyrics of these songs while keeping the music intact. The BJD version of Kolaveridi says \"Bhai re bhai re, BJD sasan bhal\", while the Congress promotional songs is \"Ghare ghare jaliba light, din dukhi pain karibu aame fight.The new way of campaigning has kept the hands of professionals full. Lyricists, singers and sound recordists from across the city are busy recording promotional songs for the candidates. \"We are flooded with work. We have to work overtime to complete the recordings. Till now, we have recorded songs for around 90 candidates,\" said Dilip Jena, a composer and lyricist.\"Kolaveridi and Balunga Toka are major hits among candidates this election season. The aspirants are expressing their desire to record their campaign songs on the soundtracks of these hit numbers. We are changing the lyrics of the songs as desired,\" said Jena.The contestants feel that these songs are popular among the masses and helps them state their message. \"These songs are very popular among people and attract their attention instantly. So I have chosen Balunga Toka for my campaign,\" a panchayat post aspirant said. He was seconded by another. \"These songs are a huge hit among the masses so people will pay heed to the lyrics that highlight our achievements,\" a Congress candidate said.The writers are also being paid well for changing the lyrics of these campaign songs. At least 5 to 6 people, including singers, voiceover artistes, lyricists, musicians, recording and editing technicians are required for each song. The artistes and technicians are earning good profits by using their creativity in transforming these hit numbers into songs for election campaign. \"We are making a good profit by recording the songs. The cost of recording a package of five such song ranges from Rs 9,000 to Rs 12,000,\" said D K Patra, a sound recordist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11712547", "title": "Film industry to shut down for a day on Feb 23rd", "text": "The Film Federation of India (FFI), the apex body of the film industry has proposed a nationwide shut down of the film industry on February 23rd, 2012, to protest against bringing the film industry and trade under the purview of the Service Tax by the Government of India.The South Indian Film Chamber of Commerce also plans to file a case against the government decision, simultaneously.According to a letter written by the convener of FFI's Service Tax Committee Ravi Kottarakara Rao, the film industry is in deep trouble because of various taxes it is subjected to and the imposition of service tax will further increase its burden.The letter has been sent to various film associations and the members of the industry. The idea to protest with a general strike was initiated by the South Indian Film Chamber of Commerce that wields considerable influence over the South Indian film industry.However, the Film Producer's Guild, the association of top line Bollywood producers, is not part of the FFI and if it will be willing to join the general strike or not is still uncertain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11708326", "title": "Stopped from parking car, student, father thrash guard", "text": "GURGAON: A security supervisor of DPS Sushant Lok was beaten up inside the school premises on Monday afternoon. The supervisor alleged that a Class XI student and his father thrashed him when he stopped the student from parking his car in front of the school's main gate.The city police have registered a case against the student and his father. According to police, around 3.30pm on Monday, the security supervisor, 52-year-old Avdesh Sharma, a native of Bihar, was posted at gate number 1. He was working with Trig Security Company and had been posted in the school for the last two years. In his complaint to the police, the victim said that the student, Mohit Yadav, had parked his car in front of the school gate after school hours when school buses were moving out of the premises. He asked the student to move his car from the gate. At this, Mohit got angry and threatened him to beat him up but the Avdesh managed to rush inside the school.\"After some time, the student's father came along with some others and forced open the main gate. They started beaten him up with baseball bats. When the security supervisor fell down to the ground, they ran away from the spot. After some time, the student came back again with more people, and thrashed him. Later, school staffers and guards reached the spot and rushed him to Max Hospital. When police reached the school, the accused were also there but they did not do anything to catch them,\" said a security guard of the school, on conditions of anonymity.\"We have taken the statement of the victim. He has got a fracture in his lef, apart from other injuries. We have lodged an FIR against Mohit Yadav and his father Pawan Yadav, residents of Hansram Market, Sector 18, Gurgaon, under section 323/325/452/34 IPC,\" said Jagdish Parshad, SHO, sector 29 police station. Despite repeated attempts, the school principal was not available for any comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11709540", "title": "Ajmal Kasab not given fair trial, SC told", "text": "MUMBAI: The sole convict in the 26/11 attacks case, Mohammad Ajmal Kasab, on Tuesday contended before the Supreme Court that he was not given a free and fair trial.Senior advocate Raju Ramachandran , who has been appointed amicus curiae by the apex court to defend Kasab, told a bench headed by Justice Aftab Alam that he was not a part of the larger conspiracy for waging war against the nation.Maintaining that the prosecution has failed to prove the case against him beyond doubts, he told the bench that his right against self-incrimination as well as his right to get himself adequately represented by a counsel to defend himself in the case have been violated during the trial.The apex court had on October 10, last year stayed Kasab's death sentence. In his special leave petition challenging the Bombay high court judgment Kasab claimed he was brainwashed like a \"robot\" into committing the heinous crime in the name of \"God\" and he did not deserve capital punishment owing to his young age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11707558", "title": "Centre suspects Kerala businessman of being Dawood aide, seeks probe by four states", "text": "NEW DELHI: The central government has sought detailed investigation by police forces of the four southern states into the activities of a controversial Kerala businessman who has extensive interests in real estate, media and other sectors. Among the focus of the probe would be allegations of his possible links to the Dawood Ibrahim gang.The Union home ministry sought the investigation based on a detailed complaint it received about the businessman's activities including involvement in alleged money laundering. Sources said the reference was made to the police forces of Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka on the eve of Republic Day.The complaint filed with home minister P Chidambaram accuses the businessman of links with India's most wanted Dawood Ibrahim. The businessman is accused of being a conduit for routing the underworld don's investments into various parts of the country.The complaint accuses the Kerala businessman, with links in Chennai and Singapore , also of money laundering in association with a leading jeweller of Kerala. The gold merchant also has extensive presence in the Gulf region.The complaint also speaks about the businessman's contacts with some Catholic priests and of them aiding him in his activities in Kerala. The businessman has had dealings with business enterprises run by the Catholic church in the past.Sources said what raised the hackles of the central intelligence setup was claims about his alleged links to Dawood. Over the past several years, there have been several inputs showing D-gang's deep interest in Kerala. Through various fronts, the D-gang is believed to have invested extensively in properties all over the southern state. There have also been inputs about the underworld routing hundreds of crores through bank and hawala routes into Kerala from the Gulf countries.Dawood is known to use successful businessmen, especially those in construction, realty etc, to carry out benami investments.The complaint about the businessman also talks about his activities in a foreign country, where he is accused of being involved in a foundation that may have carried out extensive fraud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11707625", "title": "Chilli powder in hand, Trichy woman overpowers robbers", "text": "TRICHY: In a brave attempt, a woman in Ariyalur sprinkled chilli powder on three robbers in the wee hours of Tuesday and recovered gold jewels worth Rs 3 lakh stolen from her house.Ambika (28), wife of Saravanan (33), a resident of Minnagar in Ariyalur, was at home along with their two children Pandian (8) and Santhosh (4). Saravanan was in his office at the time of the incident. At around 2am, Ambika came out of the house to take her son Pandian, who wanted to attend nature's call. All of a sudden, three unidentified robbers in half-trousers pounced on Ambika and snatched her 'thali'. Then, they gained entry into the house by pointing a knife at her. They ordered Ambika to open the almirah from which they took 25 sovereigns of gold ornaments and Rs 70,000 in cash.Not convinced with that, the thieves further threatened her to bring any valuables if kept in the kitchen. Utilising the opportunity, Ambika went to the kitchen and returned with the chilli powder in her hands.The unsuspecting robbers, who were expecting more bounty, were in for a shock when Ambika sprinkled the chilli powder on the three.In the meantime, she recovered about 14 sovereigns of gold from the pockets of one of the robbers and ran out from the house and shouted for help from the neighbours. Aware of the danger, all the three fled the scene with the rest of the valuables.Ambika later lodged a complaint with the Ariyalur police. Based on the information, the police registered a case and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "11708291", "title": "Arunachal hikes stipend for students", "text": "ITANAGAR: The Arunachal Pradesh government has decided to increase stipend money for meritorious students, a demand raised by All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union (Aapsu) time and again. Recently, the students' body had threatened to call a bandh on February 2 if the state government doesn't fulfill its demand.The decision to enhance students' stipend was taken during a meeting here between education minister Bosiram Siram and Aapsu members led by president Takam Tatung, besides other state government officials, on Sunday.As proposed, the stipend of meritorious college students has been enhanced to Rs 830 from the existing Rs 380 a month. Average students will now get Rs 735 in place of Rs 380. Similarly, the stipend money for school students will be Rs 560 for Class I to V, Rs 575 (Class VI to VIII) and Rs 600 for Class IX to XII - an increase of Rs 200 in each category.The government has agreed to release the stipend on monthly basis. This is for the first time that the state government has students' stipend to such an extent, a source said. During the meeting, the Aapsu president asked the planning and finance departments to make single-window clearance system for files related to the education department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11706372", "title": "Admission of EWS students to unaided private schools", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Tuesday fine-tuned the government's criteria for admission of economically weaker section (EWS) students to unaided private schools in the national capital.The high court has made distance a mandatory criterion asking schools to give preference to children residing within a radius of one kilometre. However, the distance limit can be increased further to make sure that 25% seats reserved for the EWS at the entry level can be filled up.\"First give admission to the poor students, who live within one kilometre of the school, and then to those who reside within the range of three 3km. The students who live within 6km would be preferred thereafter,\" a bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw said while disposing of a petition of Federation of Public Schools.The bench asked the private institutions to fill up all seats reserved for EWS students in this manner. The federation, comprising nearly 200 private schools, had challenged the notification of the government, which said the distance criterion would not be applicable to EWS category students and had urged HC to spell out criteria for neighbourhood schools concept.HC made it clear that the distance from school should be considered as a criterion, but it should not come in the way of filling up the seats reserved for EWS students.The schools had argued that such rules will increase the drop-out rate as the schools do not re-reimburse the transportation cost.But HC rejected these apprehensions and said, \"You do not worry for that. Students will reach the school. You just give them admission.\" The Federation of Public Schools had challenged the validity of the notification amending RTE Rules prescribing no distance limit for EWS and disadvantaged group students", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11706822", "title": "Will try to meet CM if we can find him one day: CNR", "text": "BANGALORE: Scientists seem to be in no mood to take any insult from the government and have openly come out against it. Prof CNR Rao slammed chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda and minister of state for science and technology A Asnotikar for not being present at the state science awards presentation. It was organized by the Karnataka State Council for Science and Technology (KSCST) at the JN Tata auditorium on Tuesday.After presenting the Sir M Visvesvaraya, Raja Ramanna, Sir CV Raman, Prof Satish Dhawan and Dr Kalpana Chawla awards to the winners, Rao spoke on promoting science in Karnataka and the government's role. He said sarcastically: \"We'll try to meet the chief minister if we can find him one day.\"Speaking on the need to encourage rural children in science, Rao suddenly broke off and referred to the absence of minister Asnotikar. He said: \"Who is this chap? Who is this minister? Where is he? They don't come to these functions. They've made it a habit of not coming. I had invited him and the CM to the Nano event too but they didn't come, and here too they are absent. It's an indirect insult to awardees and to science.\"\"I've worked under most prime ministers, except Pandit Nehru. I've known that for every Bhatnagar Award, the Prime Minister comes. I also know that Nehru would have been there for every such function. But here we have a habit of people not coming. There should be respect for science and the KSCST. It's not enough if you have good thoughts in your mind, you should demonstrate them. I will tell the minister the next time I meet him. What busy? Nobody's really busy. I sometimes feel it's important to state what you exactly feel. I can say anything, I am not anxious about anything. I don't need any money, income or award. I am just saying this in the interest of science.\"Rao then praised IT/BT and science and technology secretary Vidya Shankar: \"He is outstanding. I know he is very uncomfortable with what I say. But we must speak what we mean, and bluntly sometimes. You just have to state the truth for what it is.\"The scientist said he has a dream of getting the government to build four colleges in four directions of the state. \"The colleges should be of top quality, offering free PU education in science so that all our rural students can benefit. I hope my dream will be realized in a year. I am approaching the CM with this proposal.\"\"Karnataka should be number one in science not because of Bangalore alone. Rural students are deeply intelligent and they should be brought to the centre of education. Shimoga, Haveri, Sringeri, all have very good students. When you say Karnataka is first, first in what? I am reminded of writer TP Kailasam's jokes. Once it was said that his son scored 20 goals against a side in football in the first half. Everyone was left gaping. How 20 goals are possible, that too in the first half? Then it was found that he was playing against a school for blind children. We have to be careful when we say this. We're in an uncertain state - not very good, not very bad,\" Rao said.Roddam Narasimha said Bangalore is the science capital in the sense that within a radius of 10km, it has a concentration of science institutions one wouldn't find anywhere in the country, and yet this itself is not enough. \"We need a broader representation to ensure that science comes from everywhere. Just one example - for Nehru scholarships, I viewed 125 applications. Of this, only three or four are from Karnataka and one or two of them are good.\" He said research must start at the undergraduate and not post-graduate level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11707551", "title": "Heart of the city to get new look, sans offices", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Heart of City Beautiful, Sector 17 plaza, is all set to wear a new look. The draft master plan of Chandigarh proposes that all government offices operating from here would be weeded out and places would be earmarked for street vending zones, food courts, amphitheatres all over the sector.The plan also includes lighting and illumination of campus of plaza to highlight building edifices.Formal information in this regard was submitted before the Punjab and Haryana high court on behalf of Chandigarh administration by chief architect Sumit Kaur through a status report regarding the master plan of city.Draft plan submits that after much deliberations and spadework for giving new look to city centre, it has been decided to earmark street vending zones, food courts, amphitheatres and multi-level underground parking. Kaur also submitted a draft of the master plan.It also added that to make the centre more vibrant, the government offices, especially those operating in the northern part of the sector would be weeded out.The plan, however, made it clear that the some government buildings in Sector 17 would be preserved and maintained as per the report of the heritage committee of the administration. The facades of shops would also be cleaned up by activating the shop owners of the properties.In her status report, Sumit Kaur also added that a plan for preservation, conservation and maintenance of plaza has been prepared for which request for sanction of an amount of Rs 75 lakh from government of India has been sought.The status report was filed in response to an ongoing public interest litigation (PIL) filed by one Gurbax Singh Shergill seeking directions to prepare a composite regional plan for the Tricity for the future planning of the periphery in consonance, the plan said.Revival planCampus lighting and illumination to highlight building edificesCleaning and scrubbing of buildingsDetailed condition survey of buildings by expertAreas earmarked for street vending zonesFood courts and amphitheatresRevitalization of northern and southern part of the city centreWeeding out of government officesMulti-level underground parking", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11707825", "title": "BBMP has no money for you", "text": "If garbage piles up in your area or if the potholes are not filled, here is why. BBMP has a huge debt burden of nearly Rs 5,000 crore. While the BJP has asked the government to bail BBMP out, the government instead has asked BBMP to withdraw all fresh tenders. This means works like road repairs or garbage disposal will be affected.The ruling BJP city unit executive committee has asked the government to grant Rs 2,000 crore to BBMP to clear its debts. But the government has directed the BBMP commissioner to withdraw all the tenders that have been invited after April 1, 2011. In a letter to the BBMP commissioner, KM Shiva Kumar, additional chief secretary, urban development department (UDD), has said BBMP's revenue has fallen short by Rs 4,930 crore. \"The BBMP, keeping this in mind, should have presented a realistic budget, but it has failed to do so. The government is unable to take this burden. So fresh tenders should be stopped immediately,\" he said in the letter.However, this will not affect ongoing works as the 2010-11 expenses will be taken care of by 2011-12 financial resources, said the BBMP chief. BBMP's liabilities for 2011-12 are nearly Rs 5,000 crore. The prime reason cited is the civic body's over-dependence on the non-existent Akrama-Sakarama scheme (regularization of unauthorized constructions).Ever since Akrama-Sakrama was passed in the legislature in 2007 and subsequently amended and cleared by both the Houses in 2009, successive BBMP commissioners have gone in for huge loans from various banks and financial institutions. The UDD expected around Rs 10,000 crore revenue from across the state and nearly Rs 6,000 crore from Bangalore City alone through regularization of unauthorized constructions.The loan component alone has accumulated to Rs 3,000 crore with other liabilities like the cess amounts it has to give to other departments and inevitable payments like salaries constituting a total debt of nearly Rs 5,000 crore. Governor HR Bhardwaj has twice returned the Akrama-Sakrama bill stating that the matter should get clearance in the high court first.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11713212", "title": "Shiney Ahuja makes first public appearance with family", "text": "His comeback film Ghost did not get put him back in the reckoning. But troubled actor Shiney Ahuja is rapidly acquiring his groove again.On Saturday he made his first public appearance with his wife and daughter at his dear friend Anurag Basu's home.Says a source, \"It was the annual Saraswati Puja at Anurag's home.Every year this Puja is co-hosted by Anurag and his friend, composer Pritam Chakraborty who lives in the same building. This year too was no different. Many of Anurag's friends and relatives were very surprised to see Shiney with his wife and daughter at the gathering.\"This was the first occasion since his conviction and imprisonment that Shiney was seen at function within the film industry.Everyone at the venue went out of the way to make Shiney feel at home.Says a source, \"It's not Shiney or his family but the people at public functions who feel awkward. This time it was different. All of Pritam Chakraborty's and Anurag Basu's friends made sure Shiney felt comfortable. To that extent this was a major breakthrough in Shiney re-acceptance in the film industry.\"Says Anurag, \"Shiney is a dear friend. And always welcome in my home. I offered him a role in Barfee which he couldn't do. We'll be working together very soon again.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11710460", "title": "Infosys, TCS to train J&K; engg grads", "text": "NEW DELHI: Software giant Infosys Ltd will train 100 engineering students from Jammu and Kashmir every year on advanced Information Technology enabled services.Announcing the initiative today, Union Home Minister P Chidambaram said the Approval Committee of Special Industry Initiatives (SII), Jammu and Kashmir had on January 11 approved the proposal of Infosys Ltd to train 100 engineering graduates and Master of Computer Applications students in one year.\"Proposals of Future Group, Tata Consultancy Service ( TCS), Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) and Infosys Ltd to train 3,100 candidates under SII J-K have been approved so far,\" Chidambaram told a press conference here.The approvals assume significance as there was a long pending demand from various quarters for providing advanced Information Technology enabled services related training to thousands of unemployed youth of Jammu and Kashmir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11706542", "title": "No officials inspected warehouse", "text": "NAGPUR: As probe gets underway in Kalamna warehouse collapse a number of violations have already come to fore. The fire department certification for the building was apparently wrong. Besides, the owner had constructed more than the sanctioned built-up as well.According to the official sources in NMC, the owner Pratibha Pramod Khandelwal was given provisional fire NOC on August 7, 2010, for construction of the building. As per National Building Code and Maharashtra Fire Prevention and Life Safety Measures Act, height of a cold storage facility cannot be more than 15 metres.\"The height of six-storey warehouse was 22.305 metres. Still, NOC was given. It is a violation. Besides, the owner had mentioned the built-up area as 2,632 sq metres. The actual built-up area at the site was much more. Besides, the validity of the NOC was only up to August 6, 2011. The owner did not come to renew the validity nor any staffer went for site verification,\" said an official from Fire Department.The officials concerned have refused to comment saying that Chandrashekar Jadhav was the chief fire officer when the NOC was issued. \"Jadhav retired a few months ago and was replaced by Nayeem Khan. I may comment on the issue only after going through the file,\" said a senior official. Jadhav could not be contacted despite several attempts.On the basis of NOC obtained from NMC, owner had obtained permission from Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) for construction. \"Fire permission is necessary for beginning the construction. The applicant had submitted the NOC from the NMC's fire department,\" said a senior official from NIT.There seems to be no irregularity as far as property tax is concerned. Property tax for last financial year was Rs 33,209 which was paid. In the current fiscal, a demand note of Rs 50,505 was sent of which an amount of Rs 33,000 has been paid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11709512", "title": "Nalasopara maid caught, kid is safe", "text": "MUMBAI: The police have arrested the maid who kidnapped a Nalasopara toddler from his house a week ago. The police took custody of 18-month-old Prem Rane after tracking Asma Begum (20) to Guwahati.The maid told the police that she kidnapped Prem after her employers refused to give her a loan. Asma was caught when she, along with Prem, visited her sister's home in Nagaon, Guwahati, over the weekend.Investigating officer Valmik Patil of the Nalasopara police station said from Guwahati that Asma will be produced in the Vasai sessions court on Friday. Asma was employed in November last year by the Ranes, who reside at Vasant Nagri, Nalasopara (East). She was recommended by a friend; the Ranes did not subject her to mandatory police verification.On January 23, around 10 pm, Asma fled with Prem. His elder brother Shubham (7), the sole eyewitness, told his mother Disha that Asma had left with his brother in a hurry, refusing to take him along.Disha had gone to buy grocery, telling Asma to look after the children. She became suspicious when she found that Prem's clothes were missing . Also, Rs 5,000 was gone from the cupboard. She called her husband Uday, a call centre employee in Andheri . The couple lodged a complaint with the police, who detained four people , from whom they got leads on Asma. The Ranes gave the police a photograph of Asma. The police found out that Asma was likely to contact her sister in Nagaon. They contacted the sister and kept tabs on her phone. The Assam police were also informed about the kidnapping.As expected, Asma called her sister and visited her home. The village sarpanch tipped off the police.Asma, arrested on Monday, took good care of Prem, who was comfortable with her and did not cry for his mother. The police left Guwahati with her on Tuesday evening and are expected to reach Nalasopara by Friday . A case of kidnapping has been registered against Asma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11705155", "title": "School bus owners threaten indefinite stir", "text": "Mumbai: School bus owners have once again threatened to go on an indefinite strike, claiming that this time, they will stick to their plan.On Monday, the School Bus Owners' Association (SBOA) called for a state-wide indefinite strike, starting from February 6, until the state government acknowledges their problems and the changes that they had asked for in the School Bus Safety Policy.\"We have been meeting officials from the education and transport departments repeatedly but to no avail. Our problems have still not been looked into and to make things worse, we are still being harassed by traffic and RTO officials,\" said Anil Garg, president, SBOA.In the first week of January, members of the association had met the principal secretary (transport) to discuss their problems and opinions on the safety policy and were assured action within two weeks. \"Almost an entire month has passed since the meeting, and we still haven't received any reply from the transport department,\" said Garg.The SBOA has asked for certain changes in the school bus policy, including the rule regarding the compulsory inclusion of two fire extinguishers inside every bus (they demand this be changed to one), and rules pertaining to the age of buses being used, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11706584", "title": "Rs 30 lakh dupe: No breakthrough yet", "text": "JAIPUR: Two days after two unidentified men got a duplicate electronic key issued for a room in a prominent hotel and stole cash and jewellery worth nearly Rs 30 lakh belonging to a Mumbai-based businessman, the police is still groping in the dark.Though the hotel employees and the relatives of the businessman were quizzed, police could not identify the two men.The incident took place at Hotel Park Prime on Sarojini Marg in C-Scheme on Sunday evening. The victim, Mahendra Bejaria and his wife had come to Jaipur to attend a wedding. The two conmen posed as relatives of the businessman in his absence at the hotel and duped the hotel staff at the reception into giving them the duplicate keys.\"On the basis of this suspicion, we interrogated almost all employees of the hotel including waiters and housekeeping staff. Nothing suspicious has come up so far,\" said ACP, Ashok Nagar, Surendra Sagar.\"The two men knew the exact details of which room the businessman was staying in the hotel and where their valuables were kept,\" said the officer.The thieves took away two necklaces, five gold rings, bangles and some other items. They then broke open a locker in the room from where they stole Rs 90,000 in cash. The thieves stayed hardly 30 minutes in the hotel.\"The CCTV footages are also not clear. The face of the two men is not clear in the footages,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "11707534", "title": "Male panther found dead in tea estate", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: A male panther was found dead in Kodanadu tea estate on Tuesday.According to S Ramasubramanian, District Forest Officer, (North Division), a male panther, aged around 9 years, was found dead inside the Kodanadu tea estate, a few kilometers from Kotagiri in the Nilgiris. Estate workers alerted the management when they saw the dead animal, who in turn informed forest officials. The DFO and a forest veterinary doctor rushed to the spot.\"The dead animal was found with some injuries on its body. It might have sustained injuries while attempting to hunt a wild boar,\" said Ramasubramanian.Postmortem of the animal was conducted by forest veterinary doctor, Manoharan. According to the postmortem report, the panther died of severe injuries. The carcass of the animal was burnt inside the estate in the presence of two forest officials, R Jayaraj and Sivamani.The panther strayed into the estate from the adjoining reserve forest area, said a forest official. Estate management however said that in the past few years no wild animal had strayed into the estate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11707300", "title": "Trinamool candidate turns 'groom' to file nomination", "text": "LUCKNOW: Trinamool Congress's candidate from Bakshi Ka Talab, Rajesh Kumar Pandey, came dressed as a bridegroom to file his nomination here on Tuesday. Pandey's proposers also guised themselves as 'baraatis'. But they all didn't get the desired VIP treatment. And when the supporters were told to toe the line, they entered into an argument with the police deployed at the office of the returning officer.Besides Pandey, 56 other candidates also filed their nominations on the penultimate day on Tuesday. Prominent among them included Dr Neeraj Bora, the Congress candidate from Lucknow North, Mohammad Rehan, Samajwadi Party candidate from Lucknow East and Shiv Shankar Singh, Bahujan Samaj party's candidate from Sarojininagar. With a total of 57 entries on the fifth day of nomination, the total number of candidates contesting for nine assembly seats in Lucknow touched 161. With another day for the process to go, the number is sure to surge further.Of the three, Shiv Shankar Singh is the richest with a total asset worth Rs 8.13 crore. He is followed by Mohammad Rehan who has movable assets worth Rs 22.5 lakh while the value of his immovable assets is Rs 5.70 crore -- totaling Rs 5.92 crores. Dr Neeraj Bora has immovable assets worth Rs 1.02 crore and movable assets total to 1.6 crores. Thus, the total worth of Bora's assets is 2.25 crore.Talking to reporters after filing his papers, Dr Bora said that there were scores of problems relating to civic and other infrastructural issues in localities coming under Lucknow North. \"We need a systematized approach to addresses such issues and I assure that I would try my best,\" he said.After Bora, Samajwadi Party candidate from Lucknow Central constituency, Mohammad Rehan went to the returning officer's room as his supporters raised slogan outside. He told reporters that all these years, he had tried his best to set things right in his constituency. \"But there are still gaps that needed to be plugged in. I need another term to ensure that everyone in my segment is happy,\" he stated.Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP)'s candidate Shiv Shankar Singh didn't interact with the media like others in the party.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11706208", "title": "An arrest that came too late", "text": "HYDERABAD: When Bibhu Acharya was finally arrested by the CBI on Monday afternoon, the general public refrain was that he should have been put behind the bars long time ago. After all he had been named as accused Number 1 in the FIR filed by the CBI in the Emaar-APIIC case many months ago and there was no reason when others including those who had been described \"as unknown others\" in the FIR were nabbed that Acharya should have been allowed to move about freely.But Acharya is no ordinary man: he belongs to the 'heaven descended\" IAS whose members constitute the most powerful brotherhood in the country. Thus the premier investigation agency had to move gingerly. What is more, even the political powers that be could do nothing to Acharya who continued in a key government job as the principal secretary (home). It reflects how weak chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy is vis-a-vis the IAS lobby that he could not muster courage to even shunt off Acharya to a nondescript position after he was named in the FIR. All this notwithstanding the public outcry.On his part Acharya moved around wearing self-righteousness on his sleeves after being named in the FIR saying that he was innocent and lobbied with politicians and the like and even made accusations against journalists who strongly wrote about him. Though in their personal capacity not all IAS officers were behind the 1983 batch officer as a group they were willing to lend their sympathetic ear to Acharya and defend him.After Acharya was arrested, a pall of gloom has descended on the IAS community, the most likely reason being that many see in the nabbed officer a reflection of their own selves. While quite a few officers of the AP cadre are corrupt to the bones , others are willing to serve their political masters and sign on the dotted line whenever they are asked to.This they are willing to do irrespective of the fact whether what is asked of them is legal or procedurally incorrect. Rare is an officer today who can stand up and defy a serving politician. This in spite of the fact that IAS officers have protection of their jobs and the maximum that can be done to them is transfer to insignificant positions.But those who are bureaucratic watchers say that these officers have become so used to living life king size by exploiting their official positions that they cannot bear to think of insignificant postings that would have less attractive perks of office. As a compromise, many of them are willing to do just about anything.After Acharya was named in an FIR and it seemed that another IAS officer Y Srilakshmi would be arrested, IAS officers had got together and resolved that they would not sign on 'government orders' without them being countersigned by the ministers concerned. This was to keep proof on paper that what they were doing was as per the instructions of their political bosses. Some IAS officers brought this to the notice of chief secretary Pankaj Dwivedi who newly ensconced in his job was enthusiastic to begin with.He agreed that a trail of accountability was essential and said that he would have meetings every month to discuss these matters. Ministers got wind of the meetings and apprehending that this was a move by the IAS officers to stymie their power complained to the chief minister. In turn the chief minister called the chief secretary and, as per sources, gave him a dressing down, saying that \"go slow\" resorted to by the bureaucracy would not be tolerated.In a way the chief minister was right because the bureaucracy not recognizing that Acharya and Srilakshmi were booked for alleged wrong doing stopped taking decisions as if taking decisions was being penalized. Nowhere as per convention does the minister sign on government orders (GO). He signs only on the files. But the chief secretary could not stand up to the chief minister and explain the apprehensions of his officers.Analysts say that big time corruption in Andhra Pradesh began after liberalization which in effect has been effectively reduced to allotment and sale of subsidized land for industry and other economic activity. Though the process began during the tenure of Chandrababu Naidu as chief minister he was able to keep the officers in check. But since the beginning of the era of Rajasekhara Reddy, IAS officers have had a free run. Consequently, many of them resorted to corruption in this loose, free-for-all system.The dispensation still continues with the only check being the fear of the CBI which has been activated by the central government in this era of rampant wrong doing that has led to massive public outcry. If sources are to be believed, IAS officers in AP are now lobbying hard to keep at least the police machinery in the state under check. Although IAS officers nabbed by the Anti Corruption Bureau (ACB) of the state can only be prosecuted only after permission by the government (read IAS officers), the strong civil service lobby now favours that the top post of the ACB and the Vigilance &amp; Enforcement department should go to IAS officers. This will enable them to control investigations on brother officers even before they are started! Incidentally, the V&amp; E department had first unraveled the Emaar-APIIC scandal making it easy for CBI to follow through and nab Acharya among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11707243", "title": "Now, 2-hr test to detect drug-resistant TB", "text": "NEW DELHI: Now, diagnosing multi-drug resistant TB (MDR TB) patients will take less than two hours.India has cleared the proposal to roll out a new diagnostic test genexpert across 18 sites that will test and confirm MDR TB within 120 minutes.About 99,000 Indians suffering from TB are becoming drug-resistant every year. However, the diagnostic tools available take two days to about four months to confirm a single drug-resistant case during which time the air-borne disease spreads to others. The new test aims to increase diagnosis of the deadly disease by at least seven-fold.The sites, where the new test is being introduced includes Rohtak (Haryana), Dharavi (Mumbai), Amravati (Maharashtra), Udaipur and Jodhpur (Rajasthan), Bilaspur (Chhattisgarh), Malkangiri (Odisha), Tehri (Uttarakhand), South 24 Parganas (West Bengal), Sangam Vihar (Delhi), Indore (Madhya Pradesh) and two sites each in Vijayanagaram (Andhra Pradesh), Kamrup (Assam) and Ranchi (Jharkhand). Treating MDR-TB patients is expensive.While treating a TB patient costs India Rs 600 over six to eight months, the expense for every MDR-TB patient is about Rs 1.5 lakh during 24-28 months' period. Union health ministry officials told TOI that the cartridges for genexpert and the machine are being provided to India by the World Health Organization for free for the next two years.\"At present, a Line Probe Assay test available across 18 sites takes two days to diagnose a single MDR sample, while a liquid culture test and the solid culture test takes two months and four months, respectively. Time is crucial as far as diagnosing TB is concerned. A single MDR TB patient can spread the disease to 15 people every year, if left untreated,\" said a ministry official.About 7,000 MDR TB patients are on treatment in India - of which 3,500 were put on treatment last year. Around 36 labs can test MDR samples. The feasibility of using genexpert will be studied over the next two years.\"However, we will get initial results within the next six months. Protocol for its use has been approved and the machines have been ordered. There is no question of the reliability of the genexpert test. We are however trying to analyze at the level in which it should be positioned. The 18 sites have been chosen carefully. Some have high burden of HIV/TB infection, while in Rajasthan it will look at how it performs in the desert setting,\" a ministry official said. India documents 1.9 million TB cases every year.The Revised National TB Control Programme (RNTCP) estimates that around 3% of all new cases and 12%-17% among retreatment cases are MDR.India's TB control division has asked the Union health ministry to declare it a \"notifiable disease\" across the country. If approved, all private doctors, caregivers and clinics will have to report every case of the air-borne disease to the government. A ministry note says a very large number of TB patients in India are diagnosed but are not referred to or notified to the Revised National TB Control Programme (RNTCP).Plague, polio, H5N1 (bird flu) and H1N1 (swine flu) - all highly infectious diseases - figure in the list.India's 12th five-year Plan for TB control says, \"All diagnosed TB cases will be notified irrespective of their treatment or registration status.\" In 2010 alone, an estimated 2.3 million TB cases occurred, and 360,000 people died of TB - about 1,000 fatalities per day. Nearly one in six deaths among adults, aged between 15 and 49, are due to TB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11708581", "title": "World Cancer Day 2012: Awareness camp to observe the event", "text": "Kochi: Lourdes Hospital and Y's Men International will commemorate World Cancer Day(on February 4) by organizing a Cancer Awareness Camp at Snehanilayam, Kakkanad from 9am to 1.30pm on Saturday.The awareness programme will have an interactive talk session on cancer treatment. The seminar is led by the former head of Thrissur Medical College oncology department, Dr C S Madhu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11707969", "title": "Fancy dress competition in honour of Mahatma Gandhi", "text": "KANPUR: Students and faculty members of Mahila Mahavidyalaya PG College organized a fancy dress competition named as 'Signature on the pages of history' on Tuesday to pay tributes to the father of the nation.The girls dressed up as revolutionaries like Jhansi ki Rani, Mahatma Gandhi , Jawaharlal Nehru , Bharat Mata and many more, with flags in hands, mesmerized the audience. The participants sang a song which was thoroughly enjoyed by the jury and others. The students were also given awards.This event was a joint venture of English, history and music departments in which more than 50 students took part. The programme was inaugurated by principal Naveen Mohini Nigam. The results were declared department-wise.Niharika Pande, Ayushi Agrawal and Nidhi of English department were given first, second and third prizes. Varsha Tripathi, Divya Mishra and Anjali Gupta of the music department got awards. The award winning students of the history department were Anchal Sharma, Preeti Chaudhry and Neha Verma.Nigam was honoured for being nominated as the dean, faculty of arts, CSM university.Pushpa Yadav, HoD Sanskrit, was honoured for getting DLit in the recent convocation of CSMU. DC Awasthi was honoured for getting a degree of Jyotish Acharya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11708440", "title": "Give us your land and keep it too, says Chandy", "text": "Kochi: The Oommen Chandy government is set to devise a three-pronged approach to overcome a major roadblock for infrastructure projects in Kerala - land acquisition.The government's new formula hinges on compensating land owners through development rights, finding ways to ease up land availability without dispossessing people of ownership, or by paying them for plots at market-determined rates.In an exclusive interview to The Times of India on the eve of the newspaper's launch in Kerala, Chief Minister Oommen Chandy said the new policy is aimed at making landholders the \"first beneficiaries\".This could be done by providing the best compensation possible. The other option is to give landholders special development rights over portions that remain with them. \"For instance, landowners along proposed highways will have the right to build shops. Local bodies will act as facilitators and provide the enabling environment,\" Chandy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11708168", "title": "In a first, skin is transformed into brain cells", "text": "LONDON: Scientists claim to have turned skin cells directly into brain cells, thus completely bypassing the need for stem cells , probably for the first time in a study on laboratory rodents.A team at the Stanford University School of Medicine says it's \"thrilled\" at the potential medical uses though more tests are needed before the technique could be used on humans.Stem cells, which can become any other specialist type of cell from brain to bone, are thought to have huge promise in a range of treatments. Many trials are taking place, but there are ethical issues around embryonic stem cells.An alternative method has been to take skin cells and reprogramme them into \"induced\" stem cells. These could be made from a patient's own cells and then turned into the cell type required , however, the process results in cancer-causing genes being activated. So, the scientists are looking at another option - converting a person's own skin cells into specialist cells.Drinking milk helps boost brain powerNo matter how old you are, drink at least a glass of milk everyday if you want to sharpen your mental skills, say researchers.A new study has claimed that drinking a glass of milk daily not only boosts one's intake of much-needed nutrients, but it also positively impacts one's brain power and mental performance, the 'International Dairy Journal' reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "11710021", "title": "IBM acquires mobile app software co Worklight", "text": "NEW YORK: International Business Machines Corp (IBM), the world's biggest computer-services provider, is acquiring Worklight Inc, a closely held maker of software for smartphones and tablets to enhance its mobile-service offerings.Worklight's software accelerates the delivery of employee and consumer mobile applications to multiple devices and enables secure connections to a company's information-technology systems, Armonk, New York-based IBM said in a statement.Terms of the deal weren't disclosed. Using the software, an organization can write single mobile applications to operate across any device including Apple Inc's iPhone , Research In Motion Ltd's BlackBerry and devices using Google Inc's Android operating system. That saves time and money while better managing employee access and creating more consistent consumer applications, said Bob Sutor, vice president of IBM Mobile Platform in telephone interview.IBM has said it plans to spend about $20 billion on acquisitions from 2011 to 2015, and has bought more than 100 companies since 2003. IBM last year acquired companies including Tririga Inc, i2, Algorithmics, Q1 Labs, and Curam Software, extending \"Smarter Commerce\" efforts, as it expands offerings to business customers.Linking to employees \"The big difference here is the link between businesses to employees, so they can increase their productivity and transform the way they work,\" said Marie Wieck, general manager of IBM application and infrastructure middleware, who spoke in the same interview. It also helps companies \"reach their partners and their customers, who are increasingly using this for their own productivity as well.\"Founded in 2006 by Chief Executive Officer Shahar Kaminitz, Worklight is headquartered in New York, with research and development in Israel, according to its Website.IBM today also introduced new software it calls Endpoint Manager for Mobile Devices, which helps companies manage and secure devices used by employees, including their personal phones or tablets.The offering allows employers to remotely set policies, identify potential data compromises and wipe data from lost or stolen devices, and configure and enforce password and encryption policies, IBM said in a separate statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11706168", "title": "Nature photography show aims to improve awareness", "text": "PUNE: The Abasaheb Garware college department of biodiversity have selected 24 best photographs for the nature photography competition, from among 1,700 entries from eight states.The photographs based on six themes will be on display at the 'national conference on biodiversity assessment, conservation and utilization' to be held at the College from February 9 to 11.The six themes of the photographs are unique landscapes, endangered species, rare sightings of wildlife, animal behaviour, patterns in nature and disturbances in nature. A forerunner to the conference, an exhibition 'Wild Reflections: an innovative participatory approach to documentation and environmental protection,' was held on Saturday and Sunday where 160 photographs from the 1,700 entries were displayed.In the 'disturbances in nature' category, the photographs capture tea estate in Munnar wildlife sanctuary, Kerala, man-made disturbances in the Western Ghats, the national highways that are posing threats to many animals, mining activities in forest areas and animals killed in road accidents, among others. In the rare sighting category, the photographs are a must-watch and includes Pangolin or Scaley ant-eater captivated by people, athletic hunter Shikra bird catches a Parakeet and Pied Kingfisher eating a fish.Ankur Patwardhan,organizing secretary and head of Biodiversity department told TOI that they received entries from students and amateur photographers. The exhibition intends to make best use of the photographs for better environmental protection. Each photograph of endangered species, unique ecosystems, rare sightings, data deficient species will now become a 'point location' which later can be pinned down with the help of 'Google Earth.'\"This can become an excellent 'model' of participatory data collection. Information collected can be kept in public domain and can become invaluable later tso ensure better environmental protection especially of those places, species where data are scanty or not available. We now plan to take this exhibition to schools,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11708841", "title": "30,000 worth liquor seized from Ambaji flat", "text": "MARGAO: The Ambaji residence of Floriano Miranda was raided by the Fatorda constituency flying squad and liquor worth 30,000 was seized from the store room on Tuesday.Margao excise inspector Nilesh Naik told TOI that a complaint was received earlier in the day about alcohol being stored at Miranda's residence. Acting on it, the squad found 41 cartons of beer, eight cartons of whisky and seven cartons of old stock of another whisky.Naik said all the cartons were seized as the necessary permits or any other relevant document were not found. Further investigations were under way.Sources said Floriano was not at home during the raid and the squad was let into the apartment by his mother, Martina, who allegedly had no idea about the stored alcohol.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11707387", "title": "Chiru has major say in Info commissioners\u2019 selection", "text": "HYDERABAD: At long last, the names of eight new information commissioners including in-service IPS officer M Ratan were cleared by the selection committee that met under the chairmanship of the chief minister on Tuesday afternoon. The choice of candidates also reflected the say of Congress MLA Chiranjeevi though chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy managed the lion's share.The seven others recommended for appointment are Imtiyaz Ahmad (retired district judge), S Prabhakar Reddy (retired police commissioner of Cyberabad) L Tantia Kumari, M Vijaya Nirmala, Varre Venkateswarlu (Social Work), P Vijaya Babu ( senior journalist) and C Madhukar Raj (retired forest service officer).The names were cleared at a meeting of the chief minister, opposition leader N Chandrababu Naidu and deputy chief minister D Raja Narasimha and the appointments were later notified by governor E S L Narasimhan. With this, the AP Information Commission will have a strength of nine members including chief information commissioner Jannat Hussain. As per the RTI Act, every state can appoint a maximum of 10 information commissioners.The information commissioners will have a tenure of five years and enjoy the rank of chief secretary.According to the CBI affidavit, the bribes started pouring in by July 2007 in lieu of the favours done to various industrialists, businessmen and individuals by the YSR regime. These ill-gotten funds were routed through certain companies like Artilligence Bio-Innovations Ltd, Bay Inland Finance Pvt Ltd , Bhaskar Fund Management Pvt Ltd, and other individuals and pumped into Jagathi as investments, the CBI said adding that Vijay Sai was the brain behind all such dubious transactions.In fact, though it was only in October 2007 that the share price of Jagathi Publications was fixed at Rs 350 apiece, Jagathi records show that investors bought its shares at Rs 350 from July 2007 itself, the CBI said in its counter. It is Vijay Sai alone who knows the intricacies of all such transactions and if he is let out now, he will certainly spoil the prospects of probe into the fraud, the CBI said.The CBI also said in its counter that several investors in Jagathi told them that they did not make such investments and that their names were used as a facade. The investigation agency elaborated it further by saying that five companies , ZM infotech, Nelcast Finance, Excel Prosoft, Sai Surya Warehousing Company, Sigma Oxygen Ltd have been shown as investors in the Jagan companies but that their investigation revealed that they are mere employees and did not make any such investments.The judge posted the case to Feb 9 for hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ramabai nagar", "code": "11707862", "title": "Lodhipur villagers decide to boycott polls", "text": "RAMABAI NAGAR: For the dalit and backward class inhabitants of nondescript Lodhipur village in Akbarpur Rania Tehsil of Ramabai Nagar district, the only election issue is pollution from chemical industries as it has destroyed wheat crop over 100 hectares of land. As their past appeals have all fallen on deaf ears, the 1000-odd villagers have decided to boycott elections this time as a sign of protest.There are around 100 chemical units that have no provisions to treat their water effluents before discharge. The toxic waste is also wreaking havoc on human lives and livestock.\"Chemical units had discharged several litre of polluted water in the surrounding area as a result of which the standing wheat crop was badly affected. The stagnant water in fields pollutes the atmosphere and causes foul smell. This is causing headaches and skin ailments in us,\" alleged Ram Bharose, a villager.When TOI team visited this village, the anger among villagers became apparent. Accusing the BSP government of having 'ditched' them by making no efforts to find a solution to their perennial problem, a large number of people warned: \"Don't expect us to cast vote on February 23.\"Anand, a villager, lamented: \"About 75% of the total population depends on agricultural practices to run its homes and the industrialists are making huge profits at the cost of our lives and livelihood. I'm suffering from a water-related stomach ailment. I fear for my family's health, especially of children and elderly. This is all due to the toxic drain water.\"Sushma Devi, another villager, said in every election, candidates of various political parties come with a list of promises. But, so far none of them have made any assurance to safeguard our agricultural fields from toxic waste that leads to loss of crop and outbreak of diseases.\"You can see for yourself that our fields are inundated with polluted water. The soil quality is deteriorating with each passing day. Apart from the monetary loss on account of crop damage, we have to also suffer on account of health as it leads to outbreak of serious ailments,\" the villager said.\"We have discussed the issue in a meeting and, considering the fact that so far none of the political leaders or parties or local administration has paid heed to our problem, we have decided not to vote in this election,\" said Sushil, another villager.When contacted, Ramabai Nagar's SDM Prahlad Singh said: \"I came to know that some people have decided to boycott the forthcoming assembly polls. We will pursue the matter and motivate them to cast their votes.\"Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "perambalur", "code": "11707604", "title": "Man in prison for molesting his girls", "text": "PERAMBALUR: The investigation into the suicide of a 22-year old girl took an about-turn, pointing an accusing finger at her father instead of the girl's husband who was initially framed. The father is now in jail for molesting her as well as his elder daughter. The incident provoked her to end her life by consuming poison a week ago in Sikoor near Agaram in Perambalur. The man was jailed here on Tuesday.Jhansirani (22), the elder daughter of Pitchai (42) and Amudha (40), was a resident of Thittakudi in Cudallore district. The couple had one more daughter whose name was disclosed. Last year, Jhansirani was married to Suresh in Sikoor village in Perambalur district. On January 26, Jhansirani had fallen down unconsciously in front of her house in Sikoor. It had been found that she consumed poison. Neighbours had taken her to Annal Gandhi Memorial Government Hospital in Trichy, but despite treatment she died on January 27.Pitchai then lodged a complaint with the Mangalamedu police in Perambalur district alleging that his daughter Jhansirani had been harassed by her husband Suresh for dowry. So, the police registered a case and investigations were on. Meanwhile, inquiries into her death were carried out by the Trichy district Revenue Divisional Officer (RDO) and the District Social Welfare Officer (DSWF), Perambalur.They completed their inquiry two days ago and submitted their reports before the district collector of Perambalur Anu George. Shockingly, the report pointed an accusing finger at Pitchai, who was said to have molested Jhansirani. Taking into account the inquiry report, the collector ordered the police to arrest Pitchai forthwith.Inquiries with the younger daughter revealed that both of them were molested by their father. Though Jhansirani complained to her mother Amudha about her father's crookedness, she could not get justice from her. Later, Amudha also died. Eventhough Jhansirani had been married to Suresh, Pitchai kept on torturing her. Distressed by such treatment, Jhansirani shared her bitter experience with her younger sister. It was another shock to Jhansirani that her sister had also been molested by her father. On hearing about the cruelty to her sister, she decided to commit suicide and consumed poison on January 27.The police remanded Pitchai in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11707595", "title": "Chidambaram admits communication gaps in 13/7 probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union home minister P Chidambaram admitted that there should have been better exchange between Maharashtra ATS and Delhi Police's Special Cell over the 13/7 Mumbai blast investigations.The two police forces were locked in a row over the arrest of Naquee Ahmed by the Maharashtra Anti Terrorism Squad (ATS) in connection with the triple blasts, while the same person was being used by Delhi Police to nab Yasin Bhatkal, one of the main accused in various blasts across the country.Terming the case as \"difficult\", Chidambaram said the two agencies were working in their jurisdictions and were looking for the same person who has been on the run for a while.\"Yes, they (Delhi Police) were certainly protecting that person and trying to nab the prime suspect (Bhatkal). These are difficult cases which are being investigated under very difficult circumstances. I wish nabbing a person on the run is as easy as some one makes it out to be. It is not so easy. These are difficult cases and, yes, I would have liked better exchange between Delhi police and Maharashtra ATS but as you know there are two different police and two different state governments and, therefore, there may have been inadequate exchange of information,\" the home minister said.He, however, said National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) would be an answer to all these operational hiccups. \"Once the NCTC is set up and all these terrorist cases are brought under it , it's possible to have much better exchange of information between two separate jurisdictions,\" he said.Chidambaram refuted suggestions that Bhatkal had been allowed to get away in the ensuring confusion saying that the prime suspect has been on the run for over two years.One agency has an informer and is working through the informer to nab the prime suspect and for another agency the same informer is identified as suspect through which they also want to nab the same person, he said.Chidambaram also said that a meeting was held subsequently among Maharashtra ATS, Delhi Police and Intelligence Bureau. \"I think at that meeting an attempt was made to reconcile the different versions...I was told by the DIB that an attempt was made to reconcile the versions and a reconciliation has taken place. Both Delhi Police and Maharashtra ATS are working closely on the case of this suspect and other informers,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11708190", "title": "Cops hold inter-state co-ordination meet", "text": "VARANASI: Senior police officials of state held a coordination meeting with their counterparts from Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Bihar and Jharkhand in Sonbhadra on Tuesday. The meeting was held to devise ways to check entry of Maoist ultras from territory of neighbouring states for causing disturbance during assembly poll process in Maoist-affected districts of Sonbhadra, Chandauli and Mirzapur.With the issuance of notification for assembly election in December, increase in Maoist movement was sensed in the bordering areas of the Maoist-affected districts, especially Sonbhadra from where some dreaded ultras were also arrested. In view of the same, it was decided to hold an inter-state coordination meeting of police officials to increase vigilance and security arrangements along the bordering areas to foil any bid of Maoist to overshadow the poll process.To attend the meeting the IG Range Varanasi RP Singh, who is the nodal officer for Maoist affected districts of state, reached Sonbhadra where senior officers from Reeva, Balrampur, Sarguja, Sidhi and Singrauli of MP, SPs of Rohtas and Bhabhua in Bihar, SP Gadhwa (Jharkhand) and officials from Chhattisgarh also reached. After the meeting, Singh told TOI over phone: \"During the meeting, the focus was on maintaining proper coordination to foil any bid of Maoist groups to enter the state for disturbing poll process.\"He said the officials exchanged the lists of active criminals and Maoist ultras, and about those against whom warrants had been issued. He said the points for installing barriers and creating check posts were finalised during the meeting. He said they had spoken on areas where regular patrolling was a must to check Maoist mobility. He said a major decision was taken to install wireless system in each other's territory for continuous sharing of inputs and important information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11706347", "title": "B-Focused asks students to concentrate at Tuli School", "text": "NAGPUR: \"At this age students tend to stray away from things which are important for them. I think this workshop will help them set their priorities right,\" said Vishal Gour, physics teacher at Tuli Public School during the B Focused workshop.Attention, problem solving ability, memory, speed and focus are the five cognitive skills which need to be constantly honed in order to achieve success in life. The B Focused workshop being organized by The Education Times and Workskills Training Academy (WTA) is aimed at developing these skills among the students.\"These cognitive skills are the key to success and they are based on the power of concentration. If concentration is not there efforts behind developing these skills are shattered. And that is why we are trying to make students realize its importance,\" said Shobha Dhanwatay, director WTA.A new activity aimed at increasing the concentration of students was introduced wherein they were given sets of letters which were jumbled. Students had to understand the pattern and find the correct words. \"Such practical approach helps the learning process and has more impact on the students,\"said Gour.\"There are so many distractions for students that it is a constant battle to avoid trivial things and concentrate on the important ones. Finding the pattern in which the letters were jumbled required a lot of concentration and that was the task we set for the kids,\" said Sunaina Saraf, trainer, WTI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11706548", "title": "Know your candidates through audio clips", "text": "Mumbai: Hear them out before deciding whom to vote for.In an initiative aimed at helping Mumbaikars get a clearer idea of candidates contesting from their respective wards and make an informed choice on February 16, a group of organizations has come together to provide an audio clip service for voters.The agencies behind the service are mumbaivotes.com, Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR), Action for Good Governance and Networking in India (AGNI) and Praja.All you have to do is dial 022-30454300 and listen to the three-minute audio clips, in which the candidates speak about themselves and their manifestos. While the service has already started, all the details will be available after February 3.There is also a toll-free number, 1800110440, which voters can call up to obtain information on candidates.On February 3, these organizations will distribute leaflets-which will include comparative analysis of candidates based on their affidavits-in housing societies. On mumbaivotes.com, there will also be three-minute videos of candidates with their speeches and manifestos.Based on affidavits filed in 2007, AGNI and ADR have compiled information on political parties on parameters such as education, assets, criminal record and whether the candidates are PAN card holders.It was found that of the 232 sitting corporators, 76 had cleared SSC and only 39 were graduates.The average quantum of assets of BJP candidates was the highest at Rs 96 lakh, followed by the Congress at Rs 81 lakh and NCP at Rs 58 lakh. Besides, 70 of the 232 corporators had not submitted their PAN details when the affidavits were filed five years ago.There was a silver lining, though, as only 10% of the candidates had criminal cases pending against them, according to the 2007 affidavits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11707228", "title": "UP polls: Congress puts reforms over freebies", "text": "LUCKNOW: Desperate to gain the lost ground in UP after 21 years of exile, the Congress on Tuesday offered \"a strong, clean, accountable, transparent, responsive and effective government\" in its manifesto. The 27-page document released on Tuesday by Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal and law minister Salman Khurshid appeared to be quite practical and restrained.Unlike rival parties SP and BJP whose manifestos are high on promises and freebies - free laptops, tablets, power, irrigation and even cows - to woo voters, Congress has laid stress on comprehensive infrastructural reforms and development. It has offered inter college for every 2,500 households, residential schools for below poverty line minorities, SC/ST and OBC; 20 lakh jobs in the next five years; all-weather roads to connect all villages, world class road quadrilateral connecting Lucknow, Kanpur, Varanasi and Allahabad and a new industrial policy for public and private sector investment.A well-played quota card to take the sting off the Muslim reservation was all too is visible. The newly announced 4.5% minority quota within the 27% OBC occupies pride of place side by side the avowed aim towards a \"sub-quota for socially and economically backward minority in UP commensurate with their population\".The categorical reference to 9% reservation which landed Khurshid in EC's dragnet has been carefully avoided. However, to take the wind out of the BJP propaganda over \"the anti-OBC move\" the manifesto throws in a surprise - a sub-quota for most backward class commensurate with their population and even its commitment to \"explore the possibility of having a sub-quota for ati-dalit for job and educational opportunities.\"Apart from promises, four pages of the manifesto have been devoted to flay the BSP government 'for its complete failure'. \"The state of UP has been shocked and shaken by scandals implementation of Central schemes has been turned into a loot,\" it says. The chapter describes NRHM, MNREGS scams, Lokayukta's indictment of 21 ministers, spiralling sexual offences against women, misuse of public funds and forced acquisition of land in 'Mayaraj'.Promising a corruption-free good governance, the party pledges comprehensive police reforms, a women police station in every district, restoration of anticipatory bail to smoothen things our for public and also an anti-corruption policy. The Anna Hazare impact is also visible in the promise of a citizen charter and the party also promises to make \"Lokayukta a truly powerful institution in the fight against corruption and bring the chief minister under his purview.\"Below poverty line SC/ST in the state are promised free metered electricity connections with assertions to provide 100% rural households with power connection by 2020. Upgradation of district hospitals, statewide network of ambulance, health insurance smart card for all BPL families and free pathological labs are also on the cards.For consumers and farmers, the party promises people's cooperative stores for essential commodities at regulated and reasonable price and computerization of all land records. It also offers a \"world class public transport, including a Metro rail service in Lucknow, Kanpur, Agra, Meerut, Varanasi and Allahabad modeled on the successful Delhi Metro rail.\"Maya's pre-poll demand for division of UP into four states has been cleverly dealt with by promising a second states reorganization commission \"to look into and address the issues appropriately\". To ensure that the manifesto does not remain a mere promise on paper, the document promises a \"special election manifesto implementation cell in the chief minister's office and release of an annual report card to the people of Uttar Pradesh.\"Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11706396", "title": "Raj Thackeray faces revolt over tickets", "text": "Mumbai: A day after Raj Thackeray apologized for not being able to give every election aspirant a ticket, widespread rebellion broke out within the MNS over alleged unfair choice of candidates. Several activists even threatened to quit.Such was the extent of anger among the cadre that the MNS chief himself, along with his wife, had to pacify the disgruntled hopefuls who gathered outside their residence at Dadar on Monday. Senior leader from Thane Rajesh More even told Raj that he wasn't pleased with the selection of certain candidates. Some activists also surrounded the car of MLA Pravin Darekar.The MNS on Sunday released a list of 208 candidates for elections to Mumbai, Thane, Pune and Nashik civic bodies.At least three dozen activists and supporters of those who missed a ticket converged at the Thackerays' residence, some alleging financial misconduct and others resorting to sloganeering. An incident of violence was reported in MHB Colony where the police arrested a shakha pramukh, Amol Churi, with two of his aides, for damaging party advisor Raghunath Khanvilkar's car.Angry party activists from Dadar and Ghatkopar were seen camping outside Raj's house since morning. They were led by former vibhag pramukh Yashwant Killedar and sitting corporator Prakash Patankar, both upset with the candidature of Sandeep Deshpande from ward 185. Known to be a Raj loyalist from his Shiv Sena days, Killedar recently fell out with him following which Deshpande's name came in the reckoning, a source said.Among others who threatened to quit was Borivli shakha pramukh Bharat Ghanekar, who alleged that the MNS gave ticket to Sena loyalist Chetan Kadam from ward 13. Some alleged that newcomer Vidhya Chalke got her ticket by bribing.Raj later declared he would not change the list and exhorted those who did not get a ticket to support the candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11706272", "title": "HC tells state govt to clarify airgun ban", "text": "Mumbai: Under which provision of law do you intend to ban airguns, the Bombay HC asked the state government, when hearing a petition filed by Rafiq Ahmed Yusuf Kalsekar who was detained on July 2, 2010 at Mumbai airport by Customs.Kalsekar had declared five signal guns and three dominator air guns, claiming he wanted to use them to guard his land in Ratnagiri. His petition stated he had a crop protection licence. Kalsekar's advocate argued that even the Arms and Ammunition Department stated that airguns fall under the Arms Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11705333", "title": "Legal action against those evading poll duty", "text": "PUNE: Government officials including teachers who will not attend election duties will have to face legal action as criminal cases can be filed against them.About 20,000 people will be required to handle election duties for the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) election. Along with employees of the civic body, government officials from various offices have been assigned election duties.Teachers form a large part of this exercise. Staff from 900 government offices have been assigned polling duties.\"Notices will be sent to those who will fail to take up poll duties and legal action against them will also be taken,\" K C Karkar, senior PMC official who is handling human resource management for the election, said on Tuesday.Karkar said returning officers of the respective areas will file cases against those who evade duties. The training of the election office workers started at the Ganesh Kala Krida Manch and Balgandharva Rangmandir on Monday. Training was given to over 2,000 people on how to handle voting machines, voters' list, record books for voting, sings and stamps.The officials assigned election duties were also informed about the functioning of voting booths. On non- governmental organisation or private bodies being roped in for management of human resource for election, Karkar said government bodies have been assigned the role following directives from the government.\"They can be held responsible for the work and mistakes. As such, schools and offices have been identified to provide manpower for the election which is a government job,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11707709", "title": "Industrial policy in a limbo", "text": "Announced with much fanfare two years ago, the industrial policy for Chandigarh has still not been notified by the UT administration after it ran into controversy over the issue of allowing more covered area in industrial plots.The industries department had finalized the draft of the policy, but with industrialists divided on certain issues, it was put in cold storage.Sources in the industries department said that the matter was still pending with the finance department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11707999", "title": "BJD, Cong lock horns over Mohanty attack", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The attack on panchayati raj minister Maheswar Mohanty has triggered a political blame game, with the ruling BJD on Tuesday squarely accusing the opposition Congress of orchestrating the assault on Mohanty, also a BJD MLA of Puri assembly constituency.A 38-year-old man attacked Mohanty with an iron rod on Monday evening while the latter, along with Brahmagiri MLA Sanjay Dasburma, was presiding over a meeting with some party workers at Brahmani Alandia village, nearly 20 kms from Puri, for the forthcoming panchayat elections. Mohanty was first rushed to Puri district hospital with severe head injuries and was later shifted to a private hospital in Bhubaneswar.Mohanty's personal security officer (PSO) was present near the dais at the time of the attack, sources said. However, it was not clear whether the local police was aware of Mohanty's meeting.\"Congress engineered the attack on Mohanty. Congress is apprehensive of BJD's rising popularity in the area,\" said Sanjay Dasburma, in whose constituency the attack took place.BJD MP from Puri, Pinaki Mishra too corroborated Dasburma. \"It was a pre-planned and Congress-designed attack,\" said Mishra, who was with the Congress in the past. \"Since I was with the Congress, I know about the violent nature of Congress leaders in Brahmagiri constituency,\" Mishra said.Former Congress MLA of Brahmagiri, Lalatendu Bidyadhar Mohapatra hit back, saying, \"We never encourage violence. BJD should not resort to cheap politics.\"Puri district Congress president Sarat Rath said, \"Congress is in no way involved in the attack. The attack was a fallout of infighting within the BJD. Some dissident BJD workers attacked Mohanty,\" Rath told media persons.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik , who met Mohanty at the hospital, condemned the incident. \"I was deeply shocked. It is the most unhealthy and unfortunate practice of violence in democracy,\" Naveen said.Unlike his party leaders, Naveen refrained from pointing fingers at the opposition for the attack. \"Police will certainly investigate into the shocking matter,\" the chief minister said. Naveen spent nearly 15 minutes with Mohanty and discussed his condition with doctors. Some other ministers and MLAs too visited the hospital to check on Mohanty's health.Doctors said Mohanty, who received nearly six stitches on the head, will be under observation in the ICU for the next few days. \"He is stable. There is no bone injury. He sustained scalp injury. We will conduct some tests like computerized tomography (CT) scan on him,\" said neurologist Dr Bhabani Sankar Das. Sources said a three-member team of neurology experts are attending to the minister.Police, meanwhile, arrested one more person Bhubanananda Sarangi in connection with the attack. The main accused Balabhadra Bhoi was arrested on Monday night. Police were trying to find out whether the two belonged to any political party.The real cause of the attack continued to be a mystery though, with police remaining tightlipped about the incident. Police did not divulge the antecedents of the arrested accused either. \"Investigation is on. All those involved in the attack will be arrested,\" said Puri additional SP Manohar Behera.This was the second such attack on a BJD lawmaker, close on the heels of the murder of former Nabarangpur MLA Jagabandhu Majhi in September last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11707431", "title": "College adopts a village", "text": "COIMBATORE: A college in the city adopted a village to transform it into a 'pollution free village'. The college says that they will also take steps to encourage alternative forms of energy.The AJK College of Arts and Science at Navakkarai, adopted Navakkarai village as a pollution free village at a function organised in the college on Monday. The project done in association with the NSS unit of the college and Siruthuli, aims to conduct environment preservation activities in the village. Ajeet Kumar Lal Mohan, the secretary of AJK Group of Institutions says that their project involves a series of projects. \"We have distributed cloth and paper bags to all the households in the village. Apart from this we are also trying to create alternative models of energy.\"Lal Mohan says that they are trying to create alternative models of energy generation.\"We are encouraging solar lamps among the households. However, the costs of these equipments are a concern. So we are looking for sponsors. Some corporates have shown interest in our projects also,\" he says. He says that he the college bought a windmill, but was advised to go for a windmill with a solar panel.M G Devasahayam, the former chairman of the Haryana state electricity board who spoke at the function said that solar energy and windmill can avail a lot of subsidies. \"Many complain that the solar and wind lamps are high in costs. Around 50 to 60 percent of the electricity of an educational institution can be comfortably met by installing a solar plant. There have been technical developments which has reduced the cost of the equipments,\" he said. Later, he told TOI that the educational institutions can avail subsidies to install solar lamps. \"A college may have to buy a solar cell costing around one and a half crore rupees. About thirty percent of this can be obtained from government subsidies. However it is also a fact that the procedures must be simplified. Moreover in a matter of six or seven years, the amount invested in solar and wind cells can be regained,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "badalpur (greater noida)", "code": "11706739", "title": "Maya's popularity on the decline in Badalpur", "text": "BADALPUR (GREATER NOIDA): Mayawati seems to be losing out the unconditional support that she enjoyed from her ancestral village Badalpur. The farmers there have become disillusioned with her, particularly after the construction of a grandiose estate in the village. Even though she has managed to retain the support of Dalits, she has become unpopular among the others, many of whom lost their land through the now-notorious urgency clause for the construction of Maya's extravagant projects.With less than a month to go for the UP assembly polls, even though the BSP remains unpopular, the villagers say they lack options. \"Mayawati acquired land from us to build a palace for herself, but we got nothing in return. The farmers will not vote for Maya, that we are certain. But other options aren't that appealing either,\" said Ranvir Nagar, who lives a few metres from Mayawati's mansion and had moved court against land acquisition.Villagers say that massive constructions and extravagant display of wealth is an important factor for the decline of Mayawati's popularity. \"The land was acquired with the promise of employment to the locals. We were told it was for industrial use. But now there are gardens and palaces being built while we starve since we don't have fields to till anymore,\" said Arvind Bhatti, farmer leader, Badalpur.However, the Greater Noida Authority (GNIDA) maintains that land was only acquired to build the helipad and the two gardens in the village. The estate is being built on an independent plot. According to sources in GNIDA, the cost of construction of the helipad is estimated at Rs 3.24 crores while the two parks cost Rs 3.81 and Rs 5.19 crores respectively.Villagers are, however, not convinced with the Authority's argument. \"How will the two gardens and the helipad help us earn a living? Mayawati's brother, Anand Kumar comes here almost every evening to inspect the construction of the mansion,\" said Kapil Nagar, a 16-year old resident of the village.Fakir Chand Nagar and Satyaveer Singh Gujjar will represent SP and BSP, respectively, from Dadri while BJP has fielded former minister Nawab Singh Nagar to contest from the assembly seat. Congress is yet to declare a candidate.  UP Assembly Elections 2012  Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11705413", "title": "More colder nights in January this year", "text": "PUNE: The key winter month of January has ended the way it began this year, on a warmer note.The mercury rose by 3.7 degrees celsius to be recorded at 12.4 degrees celsius on Tuesday, the last day of the month, as against the 8.7 degrees celsius recorded on Monday. In fact, Monday's minimum temperature was the lowest in the state.The month was also relatively colder in terms of the number of days when the night temperature dropped to below 10 degrees celsius, as compared to January last year.While this January, the mercury dropped to below 10 degrees celsius on 16 days, the same happened on 13 days in January last year. However, last year the minimum temperature had dropped as low as 5.3 degrees celsius, the second lowest for a decade. The lowest for January this year was 6.6 degrees celsius.Pune's lowest for January in the last one decade was recorded at 4.7 degrees celsius on January 27, 2006, while the record for the lowest ever in January is 1.7 degrees celsius on January 17, 1935.According to officials at the India Meteorological Department (IMD), cold days are the characteristic properties of early January when the northerly winds flow into the central and western parts of India.However, the New Year Day was the warmest in the last one decade with the minimum touching 18.1 degrees celsius, which was seven notches above the normal mark for the day.Warmer days as well as nights prevailed for the first week of this month (January 1 to 7) as the temperatures remained appreciably above normal ie a difference of 2 to 4 degrees celsius from the normal mark.Although, the mercury started going down in the second week (January 8 to 14) to below 10 degrees celsius and remained so for the third week (January 15 to 21) too. The minimum temperatures remained 2 to 4 degrees celsius below normal during these two weeks.Day temperatures too went down by almost five notches below the normal mark at 25.1 degrees celsius on January 19. However, the maximum temperature returned to the normal mark at 29.6 degrees celsius on January 21.The night temperatures remained fairly above normal for the better part of the fourth week (January 22 to 28), while the day temperatures hovered around the normal mark during this period. However, the night temperatures once again dipped below 10 degrees celsius on January 29 and 30 before climbing up to 12.4 on the last day of the month.The IMD officials have attributed the rise in the minimum temperature on Tuesday to the weakening of the cyclonic circulation over south Madhya Pradesh and neighbourhood. This system was preventing the flow of easterly winds, which bring moisture to the central and western parts of India. An enhanced moisture results in rise in the temperatures.Night temperatures were reported as normal in the central Maharashtra belt, which stretches from Jalgaon/Nashik in the north and Kolhapur down south with Pune at the centre. Malegaon in north central Maharashtra recorded the state's lowest temperature on Tuesday at 12 degrees celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11712678", "title": "First look of next James Bond film out!", "text": "The first look of the much-expected next James Bond film, 'Skyfall', is out.The still shows a craggy-looking Daniel Craig totting a gun as the eponymous British spy with a license to kill.'Skyfall' is directed by Academy Award winner Sam Mendes , who directed 'American Beauty', and stars Daniel Craig, who returns for his third film as Ian Fleming's James Bond 007.Joining Craig in the cast is Javier Bardem , who plays the film's baddie.The cast also Ralph Fiennes , Ben Whishaw, Albert Finney and Judi Dench as M. Berenice Marlohe and Naomie Harris play the Bond girls in the film, whose script is written by Neal Purvis and Robert Wade and John Logan.'Skyfall' will release in the UK and Ireland on October 26, in India on November 2 and in North America on November 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11708024", "title": "Undertrial death: Nayeem unwell at court too, but not taken to doc", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a shocking revelation in undertrial Nayeem's death in Tihar, the jail authorities have claimed that the inmate was reportedly showing signs of having consumed some sedatives in the morning of the fateful day,while he was in court.\"We have been told that the court had observed that there was some frothing in Nayeem's mouth while he attended his hearing in court on Saturday morning,\" said Neeraj Kumar, director-general (Delhi prisons ) of Tihar jail, on Tuesday.However, why the 25-year-old inmate was not sent for medical examination despite the observation was not explained. \"Neither the court ordered for a check-up nor did the guards with Nayeem find it necessary. So he was not taken to hospital or brought to the jail doctor. Tihar is not responsible in this case,\" claimed a senior Tihar official.The observation was reportedly made in the morning but Nayeem was not medically examined, which could have averted his untimely death. Nayeem was brought back from the court where he had been acquitted in a case of attempt to murder and taken straight to jail. He died around 10 hours later, said senior jail officials.\"He even ate dinner at 6.30pm with two other inmates and retired to his first-floor ward in the highsecurity cell while the other two went to their ground-floor ward. We are awaiting the magisterial inquiry report following which appropriate action will be taken. The postmortem report is also awaited,\" said Tihar DIG R N Sharma.Jail officials suggested that prima facie it was a case of drug overdose. However, how the inmate managed to procure the sedatives while in custody of guards is also a matter of concern. The mounting number of inmates smuggling in contraband andbanneditemshave forced the authorities to improve their security on the premises, withthe addition of 233CCTVcameras, 21 mobile jammers, a dog squad, deep-search metal detectors and full-body scanners to check all such malpractices. The first body scanner will be introduced in the women's jail, which have recorded the maximum number of such cases as many women inmates hide items in their body cavities.Nayeem had died under mysterious circumstances in Tihar Jail's high-security ward in jail number 8 in the wee hours of Sunday morning. He was found frothing from his mouth and nose around 2.15am and a magisterial inquiry has been ordered. Police will register a case once the inquiry is over.This is the third such death in the past two months, raising concern over the jail administration's role in the prevention of such incidents. Earlier last year, three inmates had died in separate cases. While one death had been established as a case of culpable homicide where one inmate had killed the other, the probe is still pending in the other two cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11701599", "title": "The natural world", "text": "As the web issues out of the spider and is withdrawn; as plants sprout from the earth; as hair grows from the body - even so, the sages say, this universe springs from the deathless Self, the source of life.Mundaka Upanishad*The natural world is the larger sacred community to which we belong. To be alienated from this community is to become destitute in all that makes us human. To damage this community is to diminish our own existence.Fr Thomas Berry, eco-theologian*Forget not that the earth delights to feel your bare feet and the winds long to play with your hair.Kahlil Gibran*If you dont believe that the world has a heart, then you wont hear it beating, you wont think its alive and you wont consider what youre doing to it.Charles de Lint", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11706351", "title": "NCP declares 72 candidates' list for AMC polls", "text": "AMRAVATI: District wing of the Nationalist Congress Party on Tuesday declared the list of 72 candidates for Amravati Municipal corporation elections scheduled on February 16.The list declared on Tuesday has come as a surprise for some people as NCP did not declare their candidates at four prabhags. NCP has tied up with Khobragade and Gavai factions of the RPI on 11 seats of which eight seats would be represented by Gavai faction. However, names of the RPI candidates of either factions have not been declared yet.Former MLA of NCP Sulabha Khodke who declared the list of candidates said that NCP has given preference to educated candidates who have inclination towards social work. \"For us, AMC polls are serious business and we have not given ticket just to fill any seat,\" he said. Out of the four seats where NCP did not declare its candidate, two seats belong from former NCP corporator Vilas Ingole's prabhag who has left the party and joined Congress. Khodke denied the possibility of any hidden alliance.NCP has not disappointed its sitting corporators. There were 21 corporators of NCP. Except Ingole, who joined the Congress, everyone has got something in their kitty. Eight sitting corporators have got tickets while kins of many others have also got tickets. Recently, three Congress corporators have joined NCP and they have also got ticket from the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11707437", "title": "Annual day function held", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Regimental Centre (BRC) commandant Brig Sagar Singh inaugurated the annual day function of the Army Public School at Danapur Cantonment on Tuesday. A large number of students participated in the function and presented a variety of colourful programme on the occasion. Dance-drama, folk dances based on 'Naga' , Rajasthani' and 'Marathi' culture drew the maximum applause from the capacity audience.The play based on the life of Gautam Buddha was also praised by the audience. Brig Singh lauded the efforts of the school for organizing such an impressive function. Earlier, school principal Dharmshila Pandey welcomed the guests and threw light on the achievements of the school. Many Army officials, their wives, guardians and civilians were also present on the occasion. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "11708854", "title": "2 schools robbed in Ponda, accused in one case nabbed", "text": "PONDA: The Ponda police registered two theft cases in two educational institutes-New English high school, Manaswada-Kundaim and Industrial Training Institute (ITI), Farmagudi-in Ponda in the last two days.While metal plates worth 5,000 stolen from ITI were recovered, the police also arrested Anand Ramesh Singh, 50, and Manoj Babu Patil, 38, a resident of Gawliwada-Farmagudi for the theft. Both were subsequently produced before the Ponda JMFC. While the court remanded Singh to four days of police custody, Patil was released Monday afternoon.The three computers worth 90,000 stolen from New English high school have not yet been recovered and neither have the culprits been nabbed. The theft occurred between Saturday and Sunday and came to light only Monday morning. The school headmistress, Asha Gaitonde, lodged the complaint with the Ponda police on Tuesday. The accused entered the school by breaking the latch of the main door, police sources said.The police have registered an offence against unknown persons under Sections 454 (lurking theft during day), 457 (lurking theft during night), 380 (theft within dwelling) of the Indian Penal code (IPC), police sources said, adding that no arrest had been made till late Tuesday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11706556", "title": "Agrovision 2012 highlights hi-tech farming", "text": "NAGPUR: Enthusiastic agriculturists from various villages around the city, some even from the neighbouring states came to Nagpur to attend the three-day event Agrovision 2012 - a national expo that aims to 'educate, encourage and empower' the farmers.The event which started on Saturday, not only displayed many useful equipment and techniques that the farmers can use but also included workshops and discussions about the various aspects of agriculture.The best part was that some of the farmers who had been able to achieve a 100-tonnes-in-an-acre mark shared their experiences with the others. Also advised how crops like pomegranates , sugar cane, turmeric, onion can be gainfully grown in the climatic conditions in Vidarbha.\"I have observed that most farmers were trying to visit every stall they can and inquisitively asked many questions. Some even approach us on their own to ask about ways to improve their produce or seeking guidance about other ways of implementing their income,\" said Ravi Boratkar, organizing secretary of the event. He said he was happy with the repute of the event in its second year and wished to make it an annual event important for the agricultural calendar of the country.One thing that was present in big numbers across the expo was technological advances that could prove beneficial in agriculture. From government institutes to corporates, schoolchildren to some foreign heads were all out promoting high-tech farming. In fact, two of the workshops also concentrated on utilization of technology for better farming. Sonali Kulkarni from Tata Consultancy Services , Mumbai conducted a session to inform the farmers about the ways in which information and telecom could benefit them.While Bhopal-based Central Institute of Agricultural Engineering displayed an array of equipments that could do everything from tilling and seeding to reaping and cleaning, Rajkumar Agro Engineers had machinery of all shapes and sizes. Two school kids from the city had their own model of a solar powered grass cutter that had an inbuilt insect detector and sprayer. A group of government employees from Israel , meanwhile, had products like water soluble fertilizers that could provide 100 per cent nutrition to the plants without affecting the soil quality.The high-tech display left the farmers impressed for sure but they were a little cynical about the ways in which they could use the paraphernalia they were seeing. Krishna Shelke of Wardha said he liked the new concepts he came across.However, he was not convinced of the utility of the machines as he had not seen any of his neighbours use them. Katol-based Hiralal Bhaisawal though awed wondered, \"How are we supposed to use these expensive equipments which are not subsidized?\"BOX:Those who know mathematics would say that one negative and one positive makes a negative. Those who know business, though, would say it makes an immense scope for growth and development. With this aim in mind, the Israel-India Chamber of Commerce has pitched in with its contributions to make a difference in the lives of Indian farmers.The chamber has its entire pavilion, introducing various products and technologies to the farmers at Agrovision 2012. The aim of the chamber is to help India realize its potential as the foremost food supplier of the world.\"Israel has only 2 per cent of its population engaged in agriculture and it is less important part of our economy. Still, we have some very advanced technical know-how about the art of farming that we have accumulated through research of over eight decades. We wish to share that knowledge with India,\" said Raviv Byron chairman of the chamber.On why he thinks India is an appropriate choice, he said, \"40 per cent land in the country is arable, perhaps the highest in the world. Despite being the second largest food producer in the world, India lags behind because of low yield and low quality of its crops coupled with poor logistics. While most agrarian nations face a drought-like situation, India has a good water reserve.\" Byron believes that using the right technology, even very simple ones, can help turn the situation around.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11706883", "title": "Prosecuting graft: Cong, BJP spar over SC order", "text": "NEW DELHI: A war of words ensued between the Congress and BJP over the Supreme Court setting a four-month deadline for sanction of prosecution of a public servant facing corruption charges.Home minister P Chidambaram welcomed the SC's observation on sanction of prosecution of public servants, saying the apex court had explained the \"legal position\" in this regard. \"I have not read the judgment but what I have gathered is the court has said... the court has explained a legal position on sanction and has laid down guidelines to the competent authorities for grant of sanction,\" Chidambaram said.\"I think to an extent the court (Supreme Court) has explained the legal position and its laid down guidelines that is a welcome decision. All sanctioning authorities will now have to follow the guidelines of the Supreme Court but I am told that because the chargesheets (in 2G case) have already been filed, the court does not issue the writ of 'mandamus' as prayed for or issue any further directions. I have not yet read the full text of the judgment,\" he said when asked to comment on the SC observation.The BJP, however, described the SC verdict as a slap on the government's face and questioned the role of PM Manmohan Singh in delaying prosecution of former telecom minister A Raja in the 2G scam case. BJP spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad said this was the \"second indictment\" of Singh after the CVC fiasco and expressed hope that he would not defend any corrupt minister.\"Today's verdict of the Supreme Court is a severe indictment of the UPA government, particularly the functioning of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. The application seeking prosecution of then telecom minister A Raja was kept pending for 16 months,\" Prasad said.\"The prime minister then gave certificates of innocence to Raja and talked of coalition compulsions. Now, when the Supreme Court talks of a timeframe of three months, extendable by another month, it is a new milestone in the fight against corruption,\" he added.BJP also sought to know if the government would permit an \"honest investigation\" into the role of then finance minister P Chidambaram in the 2G scam.\"There is voluminous evidence available against Chidambaram. Had he acted promptly and accepted the advice of his officers, huge amounts of public revenue in pricing of 2G spectrum would not have been lost,\" Prasad alleged.Hitting back at BJP, Congress spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said it was making too much out of the issue. \"No strictures have been passed against any individual, no minister has been found to be corrupt, nobody has been removed, nobody is said to have done something morally wrong,\" Singhvi said.He alleged that it was BJP which stood for sanctions before prosecution while the Congress-led government was opposed to it.\"We bow down to the court judgment... But it is BJP which stands for sanctions. We had removed them. We passed the (Lokpal) bill in the Lok Sabha (which removed need for sanctions before prosecution). BJP thwarted its passage (in Rajya Sabha),\" he said.Congress also maintained that the 16-month delay in the process seems to be a \"big deal\" today as it is being judged by the Supreme Court verdict which said it should be fixed at four months. Singhvi said this criterion of four months has been established only today.\"The earlier criterion of time was not intended for ministerial prosecution,\" Singhvi said, adding that there were hundreds of cases where Congress and BJP have taken varying degrees of time.Meanwhile, Team Anna welcomed the Supreme Court order that granting sanction of prosecution of a public servant should be done within a time frame, saying it has vindicated one of its key demands.\"Supreme court has vindicated one of our key demands of Jan Lokpal movement. (That is) time bound disposal of corruption cases,\" Kejriwal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11706043", "title": "Major computerisation of APMCs on the cards", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Agricultural Marketing Board (MSAMB) has decided to computerize office work, including the auction process, at its 100 Agriculture Produce Market Committees.Officials at the board said the move will help in bringing effectiveness and transparency in the working of APMCs as it has been proposed to computerize the entire process of buying and selling - right from a product's entry at the gate to its auction, weighing, cess assessment, payment to farmers and dispatch. There are a total of 300 APMCs in the state.M L Lokhande, manager (IT), MSAMB, said, \"The computerized auction system will help in better realization and timely payment to farmers. It will also reduce the time taken for movement of agriculture produce, right from its arrival till its dispatch. Eventually, it will reduce post-harvest losses for farmers. Automation of office work, such as licensing, cess collection, payroll, statistics, investments, loans, asset management, maintenance, recoveries, among other things, will bring in transparency.\"\"A state-level, web-based software application will be developed and hosted on a separate server at the data center of MSAMB in Pune. The system will consolidate data from each APMC, which will help in monitoring the auction process at various APMCs,\" Lokhande said.Explaining the process, Lokhande said, \"When a particular commodity is brought to an APMC, computers at the gate-level will record its quantity and the farmer's name and address. The auction process will also be recorded. All APMCs will have two main servers each to which all the computers will be linked. The data thus generated will be disseminated through the MSAMB website, SMSes and market information displays.The system also involves sending SMSes to farmers informing them about their produce having been auctioned and the rate it fetched. Commission agents and traders will also get such messages, while the same will be announced on public address system and displayed on TV sets in the markets\".Milind Akre, deputy general manager, MSAMB, said, \"The system will ensure secrecy of transactions. Thus, a trader will not come to know in advance about a transaction taking place. It will also accelerate the auctioning process as it will be implemented as per time-table for the day, which will have to be followed by the stake-holders concerned.\" In due course, payments will be made online to farmers, he addedThe project is being implemented under the Rastriya Krishi Vikas Yojana. A subsidy of 75% will be given for the programme under the RKVY scheme, while 25% of the expenditure will be contributed by APMCs. Lokhande added that the implementation of the computerized auction system and office automation is categorized according to the classification of APMCs.The APMCs where the system will be introduced include Pune, Baramati, Aurangabad, Akola, Beed, Nashik and Sangli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11708795", "title": "No country for a patriot\u2019s wife", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Late Colonel Jojan Thomas died fighting terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir in 2008. Now, his wife is waging a lone battle against red tape that has stopped her from getting five cents of land for a house at Thiruvalla, her hometown.Stuck under a mound of dusty files at the government secretariat lies a chief ministerial order dated June 16, 2011 allotting five cents to the gallant Ashok Chakra winner's family. Colonel Thomas had gunned down two terrorists before he succumbed to injuries.The plot of land was allotted after the late Colonel's wife Beena met chief minister Oommen Chandy. \"I thought I should settle at our native place after our two children completed their schooling,\" she told TOI over the phone from Bangalore. Beena and her children now stay at the quarters allotted to Jojan Thomas which they'll have to vacate next month. Records in TOI's possession show the government's indifference towards Beena. After passing through several sections of the secretariat, the file is now stuck at the finance department. Reason: They want to know whether a policy for awarding land to such people exists. If not, the finance department wants one to be framed before clearing the request. After the CM forwarded the request to the department concerned last August, the file moved to the Pathanamthitta district collector who identified five cents of land at Thiruvalla's Kadappra village.This land is at present leased to Travancore Sugars and Chemicals. As per rule (7) of the Kerala Land Assignment Act, 1964, plots can be assigned to those \"disabled in active military service or are dependants of those killed or disabled in active military service\".The land revenue commissionerate asked the government to hand over five cents to Late Col Thomas's family. But, the unexpected finance department query blocked the file. Beena says this was her second attempt to get a plot of land. ``Earlier, I met V S Achuthanandan when he was CM. But, there was no decision. So, I met CM Oommen Chandy and repeated the request.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11707585", "title": "Martial arts for physically challenged", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai district administration is set to offer martial arts training for physically challenged persons.Officials have planned to train visually challenged, hearing and speech impaired and those with disability in legs in Taekwondo, the Korean martial art form. It is enough if they had healthy arms.Collector U Sagayam said that physically challenged persons aged between 10 and 20 years would be trained in the martial art free of cost for a period of four months. \"Taekwondo training is open to girls also,\" Sagayam said.The officials have roped in experts to provide the training for two days a week. Participants enrolling for the programme would be trained an hour for two days a week. The participants would also be given certificates at the end of the programme. The training in martial arts is not only to enable the physically challenged to defend themselves, but also to build their self-confidence and motivate them to face any challenge.Taekwondo experts say that the martial art form was suited for all, irrespective of the physical condition. It develops both mind and body, combining concentration, self-discipline and overall conditioning with improved respiration, circulation, muscularity, flexibility and balance, say experts. The martial art also allows any student from the age of three years to 70 years to learn at their own pace.In fact, the idea to train physically challenged occurred after a few youth from Madurai participated in a south Indian Taekwondo tournament and came out with flying colours.The district administration has asked interested persons to apply for the training programme to the district disabled welfare officer immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11706501", "title": "Attending school classes important for IIT aspirants", "text": "NEW DELHI: Performing well in school will become more important for IIT aspirants from 2013. It's almost decided now that at least 40% weightage will be given to class XII marks for admission to the 15 IITs as well as other engineering institutes in the country.No wonder schools are elated. Calling it a step in the right direction, principals say the new policy will make sure that science students preparing for engineering entrance exams in class XII attend classes and focus equally on their Board exams. The move is also aimed at curbing the business of coaching centres which simply 'equip' candidates to crack competitive exams caring little for concept-based teaching.\"It's a right step as now students will focus more on school. Many children in classes XI and XII skip classes to go for coaching. Or they often have long classes after which they do not attend school to do self-study. The coaching institutes only equip students to crack an exam. Parents' money also gets wasted in the process as not all can get through,\" said L V Sehgal, principal, Bal Bharati School, Ganga Ram Hospital Marg.D R Saini, principal, DPS R K Puram, added, \"Education should be wholesome. But these days some schools have come up which tie up with coaching institutes. These schools just charge fees for enrolment without the need to attend classes. They, instead, let students spend their time preparing for competitive exams at coaching centres. The new admission policy for IITs will put a stop to that practice. Besides school performance, the candidates will be evaluated through a common aptitude test in place of JEE and AIEEE. According to D V Khakhar, director, IIT-Bombay, a single test will also help get rid of the multiplicity of entrance exams. \"Students, who have done well in school, are welcome in IITs. It's time coaching centres were regulated.\"The Joint Admission Board of IITs will take a final decision on the policy at its February 18 meeting, however, coaching centres say they will not be out of business. \"We train students for competitive exams. We will absorb the changes introduced in the entrance test and adapt ourselves to new training methodology. Besides, we make sure our students focus on school,\" said Ajay Antony, course director, TIME. K Gopal, director, Narayana Institute, added, \"With school performance being considered, students will have to perform much better in class XII Boards too. They can't score in the nineties without special assistance. That's where we come in. Not just for competitive exams, students need coaching institutes for doing well in the Boards too.\"Aspirants have their own concerns. Shekhar Chaudhry, a class XI student from Janakpuri, who travels to Ber Sarai for IIT coaching every day, said, \"Many like me have already enrolled in a two-year programme to prepare for IIT-JEE. Such a change should have been introduced from 2014.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11711915", "title": "Bollywood Don back in Berlin", "text": "Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan's fans from Berlin will witness the return of the King this month.Director Farhan Akhtar, producer Ritesh Sidhwani and actors Shah Rukh Khan and Priyanka Chopra will present their latest venture 'Don 2 - The King is Back' at the Berlin International Film Festival, 'Berlinale', on February 11th at the Friedrichstadt-Palast.To celebrate the movie's premiere at the 62nd 'Berlinale', the German Embassy New Delhi is organising an evening with Farhan Akhtar on Thursday, February 2nd.Hosted by the acting Ambassador of Germany to India, Mr. Cord Meier-Klodt, the evening will see Farhan Akhtar share some candid experiences from the shooting of the film in Berlin.This will be followed by the premiere of a short version of the film, and an interaction with the media. The event has been sponsored by Lapp India.The city of Berlin is the main setting for the movie. Shot in prominent locations throughout Berlin, some of the highlights include Alexanderplatz, the Berlin Cathedral, the State Opera, the French Cathedral and Concert Hall at Gendarmenmarkt, as well as the Brandenburg Gate.From 9th to 19th February 2012, Berlin will roll out the red carpet for more than 19,000 professional visitors from 115 countries. The public programme of the 'Berlinale' shows about 400 films per year, mostly international or European premieres.Films of every genre, length and format find their place in the various sections: international cinema in the Competition, independent and art house in Panorama , films for young audiences in Generation , new discoveries and promising talents from the German film scene in Perspektive Deutsches Kino , avant-garde, experimental and unfamiliar cinematography in the Forum , and an exploration of cinematic possibilities in Berlinale Shorts .More Pics", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11712222", "title": "DJ Mazzr entertain Bhuvneshwar", "text": "With the growing club culture in the capital city, the choice of music is also changing among the party crowd. Instead of regular Bollywood music, people went crazy for house music.And when it comes to house music, who can be better than DJ Mazzr (Rank 2 in House music category in India). A very happening club in Bhubaneswar was the host of DJ Mazzrs homecoming tour event in India after he completed touring the middle-east. The event was named \"Get Massive\" which was jointly organized by resident DJ Ryan, the club-manager Aftab Ahmed and the club official, Md Alim.DJ Mazzr performed on Ableton Live for the first time in Odisha. \"I performed in Bhubaneswar after a few years; the change in the party culture is impressive. I am looking forward to performing here again,\" Mazzr said. The crowd went berserk and enjoyed every beat grooving and dancing as the DJ got on brilliantly with the party people by playing their favourite tracks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11708533", "title": "Building collapse: Amid chaos, Territorial Army men put in a noble effort", "text": "This has been one of the deadliest fights of their life. And one of the most noble. The soldiers that they are, they are fighting in whatever role assigned to them by fate or by orders. Lt Col VV Dineshan, second-in-command of the 118 Infantry battalion Territorial Army said that the unit rushed to the impromptu rescue mission as a gesture and not on any formal orders. Army personnel were quick to reach Chikhli Layout in Kalamna on Monday where the ill-fated warehouse-cum-cold storage collapsed with several labourers and a few others trapped under it. \"Our unit reacted after mayor Archana Dehankar requested that we help. We tried our best so far but there were several limitations as far as equipment support was concerned,\" said Dineshan who resumed the rescue work on Tuesday morning with around 70 jawans. There was a steady demand for them from the relatives of the labourers trapped inside as theyhad seen the men-in-green give their all a day before.\"There was issues regarding the fewer than needed JCB machines and tippers a day before but there were adequate numbers today. But then space to manoeuvre them was a problem,\" he said. Dineshan added that removing the debris would be a Herculean task especially as the basement had subsided taking in substantial rubble. Govardhan Markham, driver of the Poclain machine, was almost an artist with the sticks as he started tearing into the debris on Monday late night. With a year-and-half left for the retirement, Markham used his machine continuously to remove as much debris as possible from the ruins to enable recovering the trapped labourers. Though, Markham is yet get to a trapped man but he has been working tirelessly with just two brief breaks for meals. Markham, whose tuft of grey hair reflects his experience, is otherwise busy desilting nullahs and leveling roads.\"If my effort can save a life or even recover a body from the debris, there is nothing like it,\" he said. \"I am ready to work through the night but there should be some outcome for the waiting relatives so they at least have closure,\" he said. \"This kind of work gives me a different satisfaction all together,\" said Markham. He added that the debris were perilously falling over with each stroke on the ruins. \"It is also a matter of grave concentration and focus,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11706551", "title": "French jet Rafale bags $20bn IAF fighter order; India 'briefs' losing European countries", "text": "NEW DELHI: First, the Americans, Russians and Swedes were ejected out of the hotly-contested race. And now, the Europeans too have been shot down in the dogfight, leaving only the French flying high in the Indian skies.After an exhaustive technical and commercial evaluation spread over five long years, India on Tuesday selected French jet Rafale over the Eurofighter Typhoon for the gigantic almost $20 billion MMRCA ( medium multi-role combat aircraft) programme to supply 126 fighters to IAF - the largest such \"open-tender\" military aviation deal in the world.It will take another four to five months for the contract to be inked after the final round of commercial negotiations between the defence ministry and French aviation major Dassault, and the requisite final nod from the Cabinet Committee on Security.Under the MMRCA project, the first 18 jets will come in \"fly-away condition\" from France from mid-2015 onwards, while the rest 108 fighters will later be manufactured in India over six years after a transfer of technology (ToT) to Hindustan Aeronautics (HAL).Sources said MoD on Tuesday declared Rafale to be cheaper (or lowest bidder, L-1) than Typhoon after extensive mathematical calculations and data verification of the unit cost of the two jets, lifecycle costs of operating them over a 40-year period, with 6,000 hours of flying, as well as cost of the ToT.India's decision will cause tremendous heartburn among the four countries backing the Typhoon - the UK, Germany, Spain and Italy. The US, for instance, is still sore about last year's ejection of its F/A-18 `Super Hornet' and F-16 `Super Viper' jets from the MMRCA race after grueling field trials by IAF test pilots found only Rafale and Typhoon \"compliant\" on all the 643-660 technical parameters laid down to meet specific operational requirements of India.Realizing this \"sensitivity\", the external affairs ministry on Tuesday \"briefed\" the missions of the four losing European countries in New Delhi, while MoD explained the \"determination of L-1\" to aviation companies Dassault and European EADS, said sources.Defence minister A K Antony had himself made it clear that \"no external factor or geo-political consideration\" would play a role in the MMRCA selection process, which would solely depend on technical and commercial factors, in what will be the single biggest arms deal to be inked by UPA-II before the 2014 elections.France has reasons to be euphoric, with twin-engine Rafale still to find favour with any other international customer. French Air Force chief General Jean-Paul Palomeros, on a recent visit to India, had told TOI the multi-role Rafale had proved its mettle in Afghanistan and Libya , while also stressing the fighter was \"nuclear-capable\".French President Nicolas Sarkozy on Tuesday said the MMRCA deal would \"include significant ToT guaranteed by the French government\".France, the only major Western country not to impose sanctions on India after the 1998 Pokhran-II nuclear tests, has three major ongoing defence projects with India - the Rs 23,562-crore for six Scorpene submarines, the Rs 10,947-crore upgrade for 51 Mirage-2000s and the Rs 6,600-crore acquisition of 490 MICA missile systems.The MMRCA project will dwarf them all. As earlier reported by TOI, this \"mother\" of all defence deals could well become the \"granny\" since India will in all probability go in for another 63 fighters after the first 126 jets.When the MMRCA selection process was initiated by MoD in mid-2007, the overall project cost was pegged at Rs 42,000 crore or $10.4 billion for 126 fighters. Since then, with inflation also being factored in, revised estimates indicate the figure will touch $20 billion, if not exceed it. If India goes in for 189 jets, it will further head north.IAF is keen the deliveries of the 126 fighters begin from mid-2015 onwards to stem its fast-eroding combat edge. Plans are in place to base the first MMRCA squadrons in the western sector against Pakistan , first Ambala and then Jodhpur, followed by Hashimara in the eastern sector against China, say sources.\"The first MMRCA built in HAL should roll out in 2017-18. Thereafter, HAL will deliver six jets per year, which will go up to 20 per year later. HAL will achieve 85% technology absorption by the end,\" said a source.Both MoD and IAF are confident there are \"enough safeguards'' built into the project, which includes \"performance-based logistics'', to ensure India \"gets the best machine, spares and product support\".The 126 new jets will add to the ongoing progressive induction of 272 Sukhoi-30MKIs contracted from Russia for around $12 billion to bolster India's depleting number of fighter squadrons, which are down to just 33 (with 14 to 18 jets in each) from even the \"sanctioned strength\" of 39.5 squadrons.India is finalizing details of the stealth Indo-Russian FGFA (fifth-generation fighter aircraft) to be built in the coming decades. IAF hopes to begin inducting the first lot of the 250 to 300 FGFA from 2020 onwards, which rough calculations show will eventually cost India around $35 billion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11708126", "title": "One held for digital rape", "text": "NEW DELHI: While Delhi Police is still grappling for clues in the latest incident of rape and unnatural sex in the Walled City orphanage, a teenage boy has been arrested from the same orphanage for digitally raping another inmate in a 2009 case.\"We have looked into the details of the old case and apprehended the accused,'' said a top officer of central district. Cops are investigating the case by talking to all inmates and all those having access to the orphanage, Delhi Police said.The case came to light when TOI reported that a girl had died in the same orphanage on December 24 after severe bouts of diahorrea and vomiting. The autopsy revealed she was a victim of rape.It has also come to light that the same orphanage had also housed the 14-year-old teenager who allegedly battered and bruised the two-year-old child before taking her to AIIMS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11707116", "title": "HC upset over snail pace probe in NRHM scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court expressed displeasure over the snail pace investigation in the NRHM scam conducted by the CBI. A division bench of Justice Pradeep Kant and Justice Ritu Raj Awasthi said that if this is the pace of CBI probe, what was wrong with investigations by the local police.The court has directed the CBI counsel to furnish the progress of investigation into the Lucknow NRHM scam before it on Wednesday. The observation came in response to an application moved by CBI seeking three months further time to complete the probe into Lucknow related NRHM anomalies. The court also expressed grief that the CBI is not being able to provide adequate security and safety to the accused and suspects of the NRHM scam. The court said that the scam claimed the fourth life, quoting the death of Jal Nigam engineer Sunil Verma. It was also concerned as to why the CBI concentrated its probe mostly on Jal Nigam, whereas it was lethargic in laying its hands in other departments also. The bench expressed concern that 'big fishes' are interrogated and let-off, whereas little ones are put behind bars. Another application moved in state-related NRHM anomalies will also come up for hearing on Wednesday. The application has stated that the CBI is concentrating its probe from 2009 onwards, though the court had directed it to take up investigation from 2005, since its inception.The application further indicts the CBI to adopt lenient view against the high and mighty accused and suspects, saying that the premiere investigation agency is delaying arrest of such high and mighty. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11707842", "title": "Bus mows down motorcyclist", "text": "BANGALORE: A BMTC bus mowed down a motorcyclist killing him on the spot in Banashankari on Tuesday.The deceased is Yogesh, 45, a worker at a private factory and resident of Vasantapura near Subramanyapura. The accident took place at 11am when the bus on route No. 210 coming from Kanakapura took a right turn at the signal near Banashankari bus stop. The bus driver saw the signal turning red and took a sudden U-turn , hitting the motorcycle coming from the opposite direction. Yogesh was rushed to hospital, but declared dead on arrival.Police have booked a case against the BMTC driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11707070", "title": "Poll code no excuse for handcuffs: Court", "text": "Mumbai: The election code of conduct cannot become an excuse for not doing anything, observed the Bombay High Court on Monday. It lambasted the police for not identifying its own escort policemen who handcuffed and also fettered a prisoner with ropes and made him walk from CST towards Hutatma Chowk where the courts are.A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka were hearing a PIL by NGO India Centre of Human Rights and Law against the blatant handcuffing of prisoners contrary to the orders of the Supreme Court.Public prosecutor Pandurang Pol asked the court for time saying the model code of conduct for the civic polls is on and the officers have not been able to instruct him in the matter .\" The code of conduct cannot become an excuse for not doing anything,'' said Justice Bobde . The judges have asked the director general of police and inspector general (prisons) to file affidavits within a week identifying the concerned policemen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11709643", "title": "Venkaiah Naidu slams Congress", "text": "PANAJI: Senior BJP leader Venkaiah Naidu launched a scathing attack on the Congress on Tuesday, saying that with the biggest-ever corruption scams in the world, consistent price rise, slipping growth rate, spiraling interest rates and unabated farmer suicides in the country, the ruling party has no moral right to seek citizens' support in the ongoing elections.\"The farmers are weeping but the government is sleeping,\" Naidu said, addressing the media in Panaji. He also said that the UPA-2 is responsible for some of the biggest scams in the country, including the 1,70,000 crore 2G scam, the Commonwealth Games scam, the coal block allocation scam, the anthrax deal scam and several others, each worth at least 1 lakh crore. \"These scams have brought disrepute to the country across the world. These scams have no comparison anywhere in the world in democratic countries,\" Naidu said.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11705375", "title": "US deports two European tourists over 'destroy America' tweet", "text": "WASHINGTON: The United States has an updated rendition for foreign visitors of the expression \"Loose Lips Sink Ships\" that was used to warn its citizens against unguarded talk during World War II. Apparently, loose quips from tweeting 21st century tourists are as dangerous.Two European tourists to America found out the hard way that jokes on Twitter is no tittering matter for US security officials. They were detained on arrival at the Los Angeles International airport last week and deported after one of them was said to have tweeted that he was going to \"destroy America\" during the trip. They insisted that the expression is British slang for partying.US Homeland Security officials were unimpressed - or unconvinced. After a 12-hour detention during which they said they were interrogated in all seriousness about their mission in America by humorless officers, including questions about another tweet referring to \"digging up Marilyn Monroe,\" they were put on a plane back to England.The episode, which indicates that the US security establishment is now monitoring social networking sites such as Twitter and Facebook in its effort to safeguard American interests, has raised questions about how well security folks understand social media and its patois, and at what point innocuous banter is regarded as a national security threat. There are also concerns about whether overzealous security mandarins are wasting resources by chasing online phantoms.In one controversial case relating to India, Vikram Buddhi, an Indian doctoral student from Purdue University, has been in prison for more than five years after he allegedly posted messages on the Internet calling on the people of Iraq to resist the American invasion and urging them to kill then President Bush and his vice-president Dick Cheney.While some have argued that the Buddhi case relates to overzealous prosecution of an online caper, the latest incident, one report said, \"appeared to demonstrate a less-than-full understanding of social media by agents.\" The offending tweet by Irishman Leigh Van Bryan, posted on January 16, read: \"@MelissaxWalton free this week for a quick gossip/prep before I go and destroy America?\"Instructive from the flap is a warning to social media schmoozers to refrain from casual talk about security issues. US security agencies have made no secret of the fact that they are developing plans -- and apps -- to scour the Internet for any potential threat to national security. Plans include trolling social networking sites such as Twitter, Facebook, and MySpace, looking for profiles and patterns that add up to threats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11710676", "title": "Percept to produce a film called '?'", "text": "In an industry where producers are known to fight over film titles, change them time and again and even have copyright issues over the same, Percept Picture Company has come up with an unusual idea.PPC is all set to produce a film without a title. In fact the film will merely be called '?' (a question mark).In keeping with its unusual title, the theme of the film will also be unique. Based on the concept of interesting 'found footage' on various video websites, this film, a brainchild of two youngsters Yash Dave and Allison Patel will have a collection of visuals that are funny, shocking or simply 'different'.Talking about this new venture, Yusuf Shaikh, head of distribution, acquisition and IPR, PPC said, \"The film is an enigma. Hence, we decided to simply let it be what it is... a question mark.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11711881", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan gave voiceover for Riteish-Genelia sangeet", "text": "While SRK wasn't physically present at the sangeet ceremony of Riteish Deshmukh and Genelia D'Souza, he ensured that people didn't miss him either.While media was strictly not allowed entry at the sangeet ceremony of Riteish Deshmukh and Genelia D'Souza that happened last night at Taj Land's End in Bandra, we managed to get some exclusive scoops on the happenings of the evening.Shah Rukh Khan seems to be the flavour of the season and made his presence felt even there. But only virtually! A source who was present at the sangeet informs us, \"Riteish Deshmukh's good friend Jackky Bhagnani and younger brother Dheeraj Deshmukh took on the stage to perform on songs and a skit. Interestingly Shah Rukh Khan had done the entire voiceover for the performance. So, though he was not physically present at the event, he ensured that nobody missed him either\".While Shah Rukh Khan was keenly expected on the guest-list, perhaps he avoided the event to stay away from the media especially in the wake of his entire fracas with Shirish Kunder. Gauri Khan however was present on the occasion. Since Karan Johar had choreographed the entire sangeet act, it was but obvious for SRK to be a part of the performance, in some way.The source adds, \"The highlight of the evening was Aftab Shivdasani and Ashish Chaudhary getting a life-size cardboard cutout of Riteish Deshmukh and performing on the song 'Ek Kunwana Phir Gaya Maara' from their song Masti\". Incidentally in the film Masti, Aftab Shivdasani and Vivek Oberoi perform on the song on the eve of Riteish Deshmukh's wedding to Genelia D'Souza.Others who attended the sangeet function include Sanjay and Manyata Dutt, Abhishek Bachchan , Karan Johar, Sajid Khan, Arbaaz Khan , Malaika Arora Khan, Farah Ali Khan, Asin, Shriya Saran and Dia Mirza to name a few.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11710472", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan, Shirish Kunder's drama ends", "text": "Slapathon turned into a hug-fest at SRK's Mannat, as the dramatis personnae of the big fight became one big 'happy family' again. The inside story of how the soap-style finale was worked outA day after the infamous 'Kha.One' Farah Khan and sheepish husband Shirish Kunder went around Bollywood on a peace mission.The day began with Farah driving to Sanjay Dutt's house to apologise on her husband's behalf and to present their side of the story and it ended with Farah en famille driving again to Shah Rukh Khan's Bandra home. That meeting lasted for over three hours and according to sources, produced a storyline that a Karan Johar or Sooraj Barjatya would be proud to produce.\"Some incidents in our life when resolved makes relationships stronger than they were ever before,\" tweeted Shrish Kunder. It's the kind of philosophising children do after they have been whacked by their mothers.This newspaper has learnt that an urgent confabulation between Farah, her sibling Sajid Khan and her rakhi brother Sajid Nadiadwala led to Monday's peace overtures. It began on a not-so-happy note for them when Sanjay Dutt coldly heard out Farah and Nadiadwala but refused to offer any comfort. Sanju Baba, we learn, is rather miffed at the way Kunder rained on his parade and took away the spotlight from Agneepath's success.When this was reported to him Farah's brother Sajid jumped into the act and called up Gauri Khan seeking rapprochement.She invited them over, and rest is the stuff of family dramas. \"Gauri told me that I can bring Farah over any time to her house. She told me that Mannat is Farah's home,\" said Sajid Khan after the meeting.The meeting started at four and went past seven pm. Sources say first Gauri came down and was immediately followed by SRK who went and hugged Farah. SRK, having vented his frustrations the night before, even offered Shirish Kunder a hug.With that one gesture the danger of Shirish turning into Bollywood's new Vivek Oberoi passed. Unconfirmed word is that no one present at Mannat said the S word. \"There was no insistence on an apology from either side,\" said a source present. \"We were with Shah Rukh and Gauri for three hours.We all hugged and cried. We said to ourselves, 'What are we doing? Aren't we carrying things too far? Don't fights happen in every family?' But everything is fine now.\"Farah, who has made a career from entertaining the world, was in no mood to become the butt of jokes herself. \"Our issues had become the main topic of entertainment for the media and the public. It had to end and so it did.\"Farah and SRK who were until not long ago the best of buddies drifted apart after Shah Rukh Khan turned down a proposed project with Shirish Kunder. Forced to take sides, Farah allied herself with her spouse. \"If you are a family for 20 years and some misunderstanding crops up, things need not be said, they are clearly understood....\" said Nadiadwala somewhat incoherent with delight. \"That's exactly what happened in this meeting. That was the beauty of it.\" He insisted that the misunderstanding was resolved within minutes. \"The rest of the conversation was about movies and other aspects of our lives. Look, Shah Rukh, Sajid Khan and I were the main guys at Shirish and Farah's wedding. We are family and we shall remain a family.\"Adding to the atmosphere of detente, Salman Khan's spokesperson called us to deny Shirish Kunder's claims to this newspaper yesterday that Salman had called him to offer support. \"Salman did no such thing, please keep him out of this, he will speak to Shirish separately,\" she categorically stated.After the trio had driven out of Mannat, Shah Rukh Khan, never one to underestimate irony, tweeted: \"Reading stuff and watching tv...Feel like I am the source and author of a Shakespearean farce...without the poetry or the prose of course!!!\"- Inputs by Amrapali Sharma", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11706614", "title": "HC hands over missing girl case to CBI", "text": "JAIPUR: The HC on Tuesday directed the CBI to take up investigation into the case of a missing girl from Jaipur, as the state police had failed to trace her out.DGP Harish Meena and couple of senior police were present in the courtroom when the division bench of justices Dalip Singh and SS Kothari passed the order on the application of one Ram Kishan Sharma. This was the fifth time when the DGP had to be present in the court for the hearing of the habeas corpus petition filed in June 2010.As per the petition, Sharma's daughter was enticed away allegedly by one Chandrasekhar.A complaint in this regard was lodged with Jaipur's Mansarovar police station on March 17, 2010.When the police failed to find out the girl, Sharma moved an application before the high court in October 2011 saying that the investigation be handed over to the CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11706487", "title": "Locals block bypass in Mansarovar", "text": "JAIPUR: On the fourth day after opening of the B2 bypass for heavy vehicles, protesting residents of Mansarovar turned aggressive and blocked the bypass.At 12.30 pm, nearly 30 residents blocked the bypass for approximately 15 minutes resulting in long queue of trucks on the bypass. The agitators also had a spat with the police. However, the bypass was made clear after intervention by senior police officers who calmed down the protesters.Many women and children also participated in the protests and raised slogans against the administration. The residents and shopkeepers also tied black bands on their hands and downed shutters in Mansarovar area. On Wednesday, the residents have announced a candlelight march in the evening. \"We will go door to door to seek support of the residents for the agitation,\" said a protestor.The residents have decided to continue their protest till a decision comes from the Supreme Court. \"The residents have to cross the bypass to get vegetables and grocery items as the market is on the other side of the highway. It has become very risky for senior citizens and children after heavy vehicles were allowed. There are three big schools in the area,\" said a resident.Meanwhile, the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) started cutting trees near Dwarkadas Park for widening of the roads. However, the work for slip lanes has not been started till Tuesday. Residents also complained that even after four days, work for constructing speed-breakers and service lanes has not been completed as assured by the department.After the January 28 decision of the high court to open the bypass to heavy vehicles, the residents approached the apex court against the order. However, the Supreme Court has extended the hearing date and the next date of hearing is February 6. The Supreme Court has asked for more supportive documents while extending the date.\"In the caveat filed by the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) in the Supreme Court on Friday, following the PIL filed by us, the JDA has mentioned that the road along the Dwarkadas Park is 200 feet wide, which is not true. The Supreme Court has asked us to get an affidavit on the actual width of the road,\" said a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11712920", "title": "Scarlett Johansson dating advertising executive", "text": "Scarlett Johansson is reportedly dating advertising executive Nate Naylor.'The Avengers' star is said to have been secretly romancing the freelance creative director for the last six months, and they were spotted canoodling together in Manhattan, New York, at the weekend.A source told RadarOnline: \"They're keeping it very, very low key. He's not one for the limelight and fame and she likes that about him.\"Scarlett, 27, and Nate were also spotted having a cozy dinner with three friends together at a restaurant in the city's Bowery Hotel.Another source told the New York Post: \"Scarlett was rubbing his back and kissing his neck.\"He was wearing a short- sleeve, V-neck T-shirt and had tattoos up his arm.\"Meanwhile, Scarlett and her ex-husband, Ryan Reynolds - who she split from in 2010 after two years of marriage - have put the home they used to share together in Los Angeles up for sale.The $3.6 million, four bedroomed house in the Los Feliz Hills area of the city is eco-friendly with solar panels, floor-to-ceiling windows in the kitchen, living room and den and a private garden and outdoor bath connected to the master suite.The couple - who finalised their divorce in July 2010 - bought the property in 2008 for $2.9 million.Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11708636", "title": "Train service extension opposed", "text": "MANGALORE: Even as the move by the railways to extend the night train from Yeshwantpur-Mangalore to Kannur is still fresh in the minds of people, here comes the news that the Mumbai CST-Mangalore Junction Express train (Nos. 12133/ 34) might be extended to Ernakulam or Thiruvananthapuram.This comes at a time when people, both in Mumbai and here, are striving to ensure that the train starts from Mangalore Central, instead of Mangalore junction.Giving credence to this news is the fact that elected representatives from Kerala, numbering around 16 and comprising MPs from Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha and MLAs, recently met railway minister Dinesh Dwivedi and submitted a memorandum to him, seeking the extension of the train services. The train, hitherto named Mangalore Junction Express, has since been renamed Mumbai Express, further fuelling doubts in the minds of the locals here.Oliver D'Souza, a Mumbai-based freelance journalist, told TOI over phone that the Kerala lobby has ensured that five trains that originated from Mangalore Central and ended at Chhatrapathi Shivaji Terminus (CST) in Mumbai have been extended to Ernakulam and beyond.These include the Navayug Express, Garib Rath Express, Nethravati Express, and Mangala Lakshadweep Express and the holiday special train (train Nos. 01065/ 01066).Navayug Express, earlier connected Mangalore to Jammu Tawi, now does not even touch Karnataka after being extended to Ernakulam, Oliver said, adding that Garib Rath and Nethravati Express that operated from Mangalore Central to Lokamayna Tilak Terminus (LTT) are now operating to Ernakulam. The Mangalore Lakshadweep Express operating from Hazrath Nizamuddin to Mangalore Central is now operating to Thiruvananthapuram.Referring to holiday special train that operates five times a year from Dadar to Mangalore Central, he said its service too has been extended to Ernakulam.Blaming local elected representatives for allegedly failing to protect the interests of local commuters, Oliver said the Kerala lobby also tried to extend the Mathsyagandha Express to Cannanore, but failed. \"Our requests for additional trains to Mumbai are not being met, but our trains are being taken away,\" he lamented.Interestingly, K H Muniyappa, minister of state for railways, had justified the extension of Yeshwantpur-Mangalore night train to Kannur on grounds that Indian Railway is the property of the nation and not the sole preserve of any state. Oliver said Muniyappa should not totally sacrifice the interests of local commuters, but at least work towards increasing the number of bodies on trains 12133/ 34 and introduce additional trains to Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11708682", "title": "Babush must aid Parekh to defeat Parrikar: Congress", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress Central Election Committee (CEC) on Tuesday held a first round meeting in New Delhi to finalize the candidates for the March 3 assembly poll. The Goa Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC) president Subhash Shirodkar said that CEC chairperson and All India Congress Committee president Sonia Gandhi has gone through the Goa candidates list but the final decision has yet to be taken.Gandhi, who on Tuesday chaired the CEC meeting. went into the details of the shortlisted candidates from all 40 constituencies, which were selected by Congress Screening Committee chaired by union minister Oscar Fernandes. Sources said the candidates will not be finalised until the issue of alliances is resolved. It is not just the NCP with whom the Congress wants an alliance with but also with the MGP.Speaking to TOI, Shirodkar said, \"AICC president Sonia Gandhi has gone through the Goa candidates' list and there is no decision on the final list.\" He also said that the meeting was adjourned and that the high command will inform them with regards to next CEC meeting.Sources in the Congress camp said that most of the sitting MLAs' names have been cleared except in three constituencies, two of which are St Cruz and Cumbharjua .Sources also said that the high command has asked education minister Antanasio 'Babush' Monserrate to support the corporation of the city of Panaji mayor Yatin Parekh in Panaji to defeat the leader of opposition Manohar Parrikar.\"If Babush assured the high command that he will work to defeat Parrikar, only then will he be considered for the St Cruz ticket, and the high command will convince sitting MLA Victoria Fernandes to step down\" sources added. Monserrate said \" I am not aware of any new development and I am very much in Goa.\"Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11706593", "title": "Cops scanning a/cs of Gold Sukh directors", "text": "JAIPUR: Police have got details of some of the bank accounts of the directors of Gold Sukh in which crores of rupees were transacted.Vidhayak Puri Police investigating the case got details of some of the current A/Cs and saving A/Cs of the arrested director Narendra Singh and other fleeing directors including Manvendra Singh, Pramod Sharma and Mahendra.\"We are studying the details of these accounts which not only belong to the directors of the company and are also in the name of their kin,\" said a senior police officer who is monitoring the investigating of the case on Tuesday.On the progress of interrogation of Narendra and his wife Karan Sharma, additional deputy commissioner of police (south), said, \"He is a hard nut to be cracked. From the day he was arrested from Delhi he is playing the same tune and is claiming that out of the money he made in Gold Sukh Trade India he had purchased a house and a vehicle. He claimed that he merely had Rs 2.5 lakhs and when he realized that his partners in crime have fled from Jaipur, on November, 19 he too fled from Thailand.\"According to the police, the accused and his wife are also changing their statements frequenting. \"Earlier, they had claimed that they had gone to Thailand since it was decided among the partners that the bounty would be evenly distributed there, but his partners ditched. Now, he is claiming that he had gone just to save himself from the ire of the investors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11709624", "title": "March 3 a public holiday", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa government has declared March 3 as a holiday as it is polling day for the general elections to the Goa legislative assembly. The holiday shall be a \"paid holiday\" in addition to the holidays indicated in notification No. 2/1/2011-GAD-H dated 03/10/2011 published in the official gazette. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11708316", "title": "Hero Honda Chowk water to be pumped into Najafgarh drain", "text": "GURGAON: In order to put a full stop to the recurring water logging problem at Hero Honda Chowk, the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) will connect the chowk's drainage system with Najafgarh drain. Two pipeline measuring 24mm will be put in for this purpose, further connecting them to Najafgarh drain. Traffic police have said that they have got an assurance from the HUDA that entire work will be completed before next monsoon.The plan was discussed during a meeting between traffic police and city administration on January 30. The mess at Hero Honda chowk has worsened over the years and despite many attempts, the administration has failed to solve the problem of water logging. Every time it rains, service lanes at Hero Honda Chowk are inaccessible. During monsoon, even the main carriageway gets submerged in knee-deep water. Consequently, vehicular movement is severely affected leading to long jams. In October 2009, machinery worth crores was installed by Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) to drain out the water from the chowk. However, the system failed to change the ground reality. Last year the National Highways Authority of India ( NHAI) too wrote letters to MCG and HUDA complaining against the 'severe damage' being caused to the highway due to perpetual water logging. Sources said the new plan, if implemented properly, may help in quick disposal of drain water.One the other hand, the tussle over finding a solution to the traffic mess at Hero Honda crossing is far from over. Even after exchange of several letters between Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda and highways ministry at Centre, the cost-sharing formula has not been finalized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11706682", "title": "The music of stones", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A retrospective show of Professor Mahendra Pandya's work, \"Kshudhit Pashan\", with his drawings and few of his sculptures is being presented by Black and White from February 3-8 at the exhibition gallery of the Faculty of Fine Arts at MSU Baroda. Prof Pandya, noted sculptor and former dean of the fine arts faculty is known for his experiments with myriad mediums. His works were admired and acquired by prominent personalities including late Indira Gandhi and Dr Homi Jehangir Bhabha.The current show is being curated by noted Vadodara-based sculptor Ganesh Gohain, who says, \"I have a deep sense of admiration for Prof Pandya's unique ability to make lines respond to myriad surfaces, be it paper, stone or wood. I am hopeful that the younger generation will appreciate his uniqueness.\"Born in the princely state of Rajpipla, Prof Pandya trained as a sculptor, graduating from MSU in 1954. One of the earliest students of the faculty, during his initial years, Prof Pandya had explored drama, dance, music and all allied in performing arts, and only in the second year had started concentrating in sculpture. Later, he served as the dean at the Faculty of Fine Arts for one-and-a-half years and head of the department of sculpture for 28 long years.\"I always get bored working with one material for a long time, so I drastically changed my materials, mediums, idioms during all my creative periods,\" says Prof Pandya. He has explored stone, marble, burnt wood, cement and even aluminium to explore the glyptic art of curving.A love for Vadodara pervades Prof Pandya's senses, who has adorned the city with a sculptural fountain. Many of his sculptures and murals are in various parts of the country, including the UNICEF building, the Museum of Modern Art and Lalit Kala Academy in Delhi and the Salarjung Museum in Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11705405", "title": "Mhada to get FIR lodged in house allotment scam", "text": "Mumbai: Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada) is all set to lodge an complaint with the Economic Offences Wing to get an FIR filed seeking investigation of 17 property agents for allegedly trying to cheat the housing board of 334 flats using fake addresses.The flats were among the 4,034 flats sold by Mhada through its lottery in May 2011 across the city. This list of 334 is littered with instances where several allottees have the same residential address and phone number. Satish Gavai, Mhada's vice-president, said that allotments for these flats have been cancelled pending inquiry.Mhada called all the 425 'bogus' applicants with supporting documents. \"Only 102 applicants showed up. How can 20 lottery winners be residing in the same house and be using the same cellphone? There was collusion with our officials to make these allotments possible,\" said a senior Mhada official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11706432", "title": "1,088 file nomination for AMC", "text": "AMRAVATI: As many as 1,088 candidates including seating corporators have filed their nomination for Amravati Corporation election to be held on February 16.According to information AMC on Tuesday - which is the last day of filing nomination - has received around 533 nomination forms. AMC has opened eight centres in the city for receiving nomination forms from interested candidates. Till Monday AMC had received around 555 nomination forms while on the last day of filing nomination form AMC received 533 forms for total 78 seats. Most candidates of the staple political parties including Congress, NCP, Shivsena, BSP, MNS, Janvikas congress, Jankalyan Aghdi and Shivsena have filed their nomination on Monday itself to avoid the last movement trouble.AMC after scrutiny of all nomination forms declared the list of valid candidates on Ferbaury 1. Till February 3 candidates can withdraw their nominations and on February 4, AMC will distribute symbol to candidates.MLA Ravi Rana has declared its list of 65 candidates of Maharashtra Swabhimani Congress. BJP and Shiv Sena have made alliance with RPI, Athwale faction for AMC poll. tnnFor 78 seats BJP candidates will contest on 40 seats while 32 seats have been given to Shivsena and six tickets have been given to RPI Athawale faction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11713030", "title": "Lady Gaga buys London home", "text": "Lady Gaga has bought a home in London.The 'Born This Way' singer has purchased an apartment in the Fitzrovia area of the UK capital so she no longer has to stay in hotels when she comes to the city.The property is located in a luxurious new development which is not yet complete.The building will boast a modern concrete exterior, floor-to-ceiling windows, four luxury penthouses, a roof garden and a communal courtyard.A source said: \"She had been staying in The Lanesborough hotel every time she visited London but because she is over so much she has decided to go for it and invest.\"The area of London has become a popular destination for celebrities in recent years.Madonna previously owned a townhouse in the area, which she shared with her ex-husband Guy Rictchie, who has since bought two mansions in Fitzrovia in May 2010 which he is combining into one house.Perhaps Gaga has bought the apartment to share with her boyfriend Taylor Kinney.The pop superstar recently asked 'The Vampire Diaries' actor to move in with her and as well as snapping up the flat in London, the couple have been looking at properties in her native New York and his home state, Pennsylvania.Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11710916", "title": "Sharing Ideas", "text": "Academy Award winner Inception the movie, saw DiCaprio implant an idea into a target's subconscious. A similar trait was witnessed recently. Students from various schools across Mumbai shared a bundle of creatively designed ideas at Inception-'Ideas Worth Sharing', an event hosted by RN Podar School.The event was designed to provide students and teachers a platform to ideate, innovate and share ideas that can be implemented in classrooms across the world. A platform meant to empower students and teachers with adaptive skills; it focused on real time example of global collaboration. Spread over three days, students across schools networked with internationally recognised educational thinker, Simon Breakspear, a Gates scholar at the University of Cambridge . Breakspear interacted with students, educators and parents through live web cast.While students were given a time limit of five to seven minutes, most performances surpassed the audience's expectation. The presentations focused on the use of social media as a learning tool to sensitise students through music and art. They articulated their views on imagination and reality as an integrated concept, role of parents and futuristic architecture. The wide spectrum of issues displayed innovative thought of young students. Inception, the brainchild of Avnita Bir helped students and educators experience the use of broadband to facilitate the audience interact live with people across the globe. It is necessary to share and spread ideas that support continual learning. Todays global world demands collaboration between various stakeholders that ideate education. Hence, a platform to encourage sharing was born.Among the many ideas shared, were two that highlighted the event. Students of RN Podar used a blend of technology and social networking to ease confusion, yet maintain interactivity. Yes, these students have their own Facebook group where they not only clear their doubts with their teachers, but also share notes and discuss issues that catch their attention. What acts as an icing on the cake is their principal Avnita Bir, who is also an active member of this group. The idea behind starting their group was to felicitate easy but instant connectivity. The group now has practice question papers, notes, suggestion from teachers and a bunch of enthusiastic students making the best of technology and social networking. While one bunch of students supported the use of technology, the other bunch supported the use of literature. Students of Lilavatibai Podar used Shakespeares characters to impart values that form the base of ones personality.A bunch of likeminded students and a platform to share is all that was required. So next time you come across a school with its group on Facebook, stick around, for there may be some innovative world changing idea being discussed!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11708292", "title": "MCG House meeting a disaster", "text": "GURGAON: It will not be an exaggeration to say that the MCG House meeting on Tuesday was nothing short of a debacle. It was a futile attempt to make things work and, in the end, not even a single item on the agenda was discussed and no decision taken. As usual, there was a lot of clamour by the councillors and they kept interrupting and poking fun at each other. They kept walking in and out of the hall at will.The only time they got serious was when the issue of granting them laptops with internet connection came up for discussion. Even as this was going on, the municipal commissioner, Sudhir Rajpal, all of a sudden, walked out of the meeting hall and all hell broke loose. Some of the councillors started shouting slogans and they too made a dash for the exit. Even though the mayor and his deputies tried hard to pacify them and asked them to get back to their seats, they did not relent. In the end, only eight councillors were left and therefore no resolution could be passed due to a lack of majority.\"It was a complete disaster and a total lack of indiscipline shown by the councillors. We all gathered here to discuss and resolve the issues plaguing us and to talk about development issues but nothing could be achieved. The problem is also because of the venue where we have our meetings - the ceiling is so high and we can hardly hear the speaker since the voice echoes. The residents elected us with a lot of expectations and it is a shame for everyone of us to see that we cannot even hold a proper meeting,\" said Mahesh Daima, a councillor. According to the mayor, a hunt will begin to find a suitable place before holding the next meeting.\"We will try to look for a place, may be a conference hall, so that we can hold appropriate meetings and issues can be discussed. Hereafter, every councillor will be given only five minutes to speak and all of them will have to notify a couple of days in advance about the issues they want to talk about in the meeting so that precious time is not wasted,\" said mayor Vimal Yadav.He also clarified that the commissioner had informed him beforehand that he will leave the meeting midway since he had to attend another meeting. \"I should have informed the House at the start of the proceedings that he would be leaving. Had I done that, we could have had a productive day,\" Yadav added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11708154", "title": "Six days on, no action against RD float culprits", "text": "INDORE: Even after six days of controversy surrounding a six-year-old boy being made to take bath in chilly winter under a tap on a Republic Day float in the neighbouring district of Dewas, no action has been initiated against the culprits with officials passing the buck in this regard.However, the Madhya Pradesh State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (MPSCPCR) has sought a report from the administration over the issue. A half-naked Sunny was made to bathe in cold water on a Republic Day tableau with the theme that promised to 'ease water woes.' The plight of the child was brought to light by the media during the programme, which was held in the presence of senior officials including the district collector, Superintendent of Police (SP) and the municipal commissioner. The officials were enjoying the programme in thick woolen clothes while the child was made to shiver in the biting cold.District collector (Dewas) Mukesh Gupta said that the tableau in question was that of the municipal corporation and district administration had no role in it. \"The original plan had no mention of child bathing in the open. Some overzealous employee made the child sit under the running cold water tap,\" said Gupta. He said that in the original plan submitted to him, a pot was placed under the tap instead of the child.When asked what action he has taken against the culprits, he said that the administration had sought a report from the municipal corporation in this regard, and action can be taken by the municipal corporation only as it was their tableau.However, an official of Dewas municipal corporation said on condition of anonymity that the corporation had given the contract for preparing the tableau to a private party and an official of the civic body was in-charge of that. The person sitting on the tableau made the child sit under tap out of enthusiasm while it was not mentioned in the original plan, he added. On the possible action, he said that a departmental inquiry could be launched against the person who was in-charge of the tableau. Though he maintained that it was a trivial issue and not intentional.However, former chairman of MPSCPCR Justice (Retd) Sheela Khanna said the act was not petty and termed it as highly condemnable and cruelty against the child. \"How can a child be made to bathe in cold water in such chilly conditions in the presence of so many senior officials. The district administration cannot shrug off its responsibility as the incident has taken place in their district and senior officials including the collector and the SP were present on the occasion,\" said Khanna, adding that the act was punishable under the Juvenile Justice Act. It is very unfortunate that even after almost a week, no action has been taken against the culprits yet.It is to be noted that one Babulal Mandloi lured Sunny, who had come with his aunt to watch the programme with Rs 5 and promised to provide snacks if he agreed to take bath in the tableau. The child stripped to the waist was taken off the tableau after some photojournalists pointed out the ordeal of the child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11711208", "title": "Silent climax in Kollywood", "text": "Kollywood filmmakers are experimenting with silent climaxes of late and seem to be succeeding too!Most Tamil movie climaxes are fastpaced, racy, and action-packed. But, of late, some K-Town filmmakers are moving away from this regular run-of-the-mill trend.Mysskin's Yuddham Sei and even Nandhalala have been instances with climaxes without words and just background score. Climaxes, where action or words don't much of a role to play, and where the background music takes over, can be seen in films like Kadhal and Kadhalikku Mariyadhai too. Hence, it's not the genre of the film that's the key factor, but how and what is portrayed through visuals and music instead of racy words.Director Deepan, who is making his directorial debut with Mazhaikalam, is one such director who's opting for something different. Speaking about his film, he says, \"The last 20 minutes of the film, will have no dialogues. It will only have an RR (re-recording) running right through till the end. In other words, it will be a musical climax, and will be very intense. I felt that there was no need for words during the climax.\"The film Mouna Guru, the directorial debut of Shanta Kumar which won rave reviews for Arulnithi's performance, also had 'silent' portions towards the tail-end of the film. Says Arulnithi, \"In the end, you see the character become a teacher to some challenged children and going for a ride on his bike with his heroine. The tail-end bit, might have worked upto only a few seconds, but it was the portrayal of the power of silence, which reflects from the very title of the movie itself.\"Deepan gives his reasoning for using a 'silent climax'. He says, \"My film is a love story, based on a true incident. And it starts and ends at the same point. Based on a relationship on love, the story showcases how a doubt which arises can take a toll on things.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "balasore", "code": "11707812", "title": "Lakshya-I launched successfully", "text": "BALASORE: A Pilot-less Target Aircraft (PTA), Lakshya-I, was test-flown by IAF personnel on Tuesday from the launching complex-II of the Integrated Test Range (ITR), about 15 km from Balasore. Earlier on Friday and Wednesday, the DRDO had tested an advanced version of PTA known as Lakshya-II.Defence sources said the micro light aircraft Lakshya-I was test flown at about 11.40 am. Officials of Bengaluru-based Aeronautical Development Establishment (ADE), which developed the aircraft, also provided all logistic support.\"The PTA, fitted with an advanced digitally controlled engine, was successfully test flown. The test was to check the validity of its engine and duration enhancement. It is a routine trial by the users,\" said an official.The pilot-less aircraft also demonstrated its manoeuvering capability by simulating attacking aircrafts. The system has been designed so that two targets can be flown and controlled by the Common Ground Control Station (CGCS).\"The flight test was of nearly 35 minutes duration. The flight was stable and well controlled,\" said the official.Lakshya is a remotely piloted high speed target drone system. Earlier, both the sea and land recovery versions of the PTA have been test flown successfully on a number of occasions. It is a sub-sonic and re-usable aerial target system, and designed to impart training to both air borne and air-defence pilots.Defence sources said earlier the user had indicated their requirement of flying the PTA at 15 to 25 metre above sea level to simulate trajectory of low-level cruise missiles. Accordingly, the ADE had prepared it with necessary hardware and software for meeting the user requirements.The drone is ground- or ship-launched from a zero-length launcher and recovery is by a two-stage parachute system developed by the ADE, for land- or sea-based recovery. The drone has a crushable nose cone which absorbs the impact of landing, minimizing damage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11706653", "title": "MJ Library to celebrates its 75th year", "text": "AHMEDABAD: MJ Library which turning 76 this year has decided to felicitate litterateurs, former MJ Library committee chairpersons, members and librarians associated with the library along its 75 years journey.The MJ Library committee on Tuesday cleared the budget for the year 2012-13. AMC has also decided to have zonal libraries in all the six zones of the city. These libraries would be linked through the internet with the main library situated near Town Hall.The budget also decided to celebrate Amrut Mohotsav to commemorate the completion of 75 years in financial year 2012-13. A series of events have been planned for the celebrations.The most important decision taken by the committee was that the MJ library will have a special audio room for visually-challenged students.The budget states that there are schools for the visually challenged students but there were no facilities for college students. An audio room would be set up at MJ Library for such students who want to study higher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11708244", "title": "6 held for robbery bid at garment unit", "text": "GURGAON: Police have arrested six people involved in several cases of robbery in the industrial area of the district. The gang members had attempted to rob the Koutons garments factory in Sector 37 late on Saturday, but an alert security guard fired at them, injuring one of the gang members.The police traced the gang members when they reached a hospital for treatment of the bullet injury. According to police, around 1.30 am on Saturday night, six people tried to enter the garments factory by jumping over the boundary wall. They were armed with iron rods. Sensing trouble, a security guard of the company, Leeladhar, a native of Aligarh in Uttar Pradesh, fired at the robbers, injuring one of them and forcing them to flee.On Monday, an FIR was lodged at the at the Sector 10A police station. On Tuesday, police found that an injured gang member was being taken to a hospital for treatment. A police team was formed and managed to nab all the six members. \"We will produce them in court on Wednesday and have taken them on police remand for further interrogation,\" said Abhay Singh Rao, DCP (west).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11705341", "title": "Don't repair unauthorized structures: HC", "text": "Mumbai: Unauthorized constructions should not be repaired, said the Bombay High Court on Monday, while directing status quo regarding repairs undertaken of dilapidated structures at 5th Cross Lane, Falkland Road.A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka was hearing a petition filed by Shobha Koli who resides in building no. 9, stating that the building had collapsed in 2010 and the landlord had managed to get work orders from Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation for its repairs. The area, formerly known as Pandu Maharaj Chawl, is now run by a trust headed by Niyas Ahmed Peerzada. Koli's petition said it was Peerzada's unauthorized construction of two additional rooms on an attic that triggered the collapse. She said that after the collapse, all tenants were issued eviction orders, saying the remaining structures were dilapidated and may collapse any time.Her petition alleged that the BMC and its assistant municipal commissioner (D ward) colluded with Peerzada to give work orders to repair the dilapidated buildings, not only building no. 9, but also nos. 355/371. She also alleged that Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada) and the Mumbai Buildings Repairs and Reconstruction Board are \"covering the illegality\" by putting forward proposals for repairs. Her advocate said that the unauthorized constructions have even blocked the house gullies, and ingress and outgress is prevented. Even BMC did not conduct a proper inquiry before issuing work orders, the advocate added.\"You are planning to authorize this?\" Justice Bobde asked Mhada advocate P G Lad. \"You don't have to repair unauthorized structures,\" he added. Lad said Mhada had merely given its no objection certificate for the repairs as it is a cessed building. \"If the contractor violates the conditions of repairs, it is the responsibility of the BMC to demolish it,\" he added. The judges have directed the BMC to file its affidavit to verify its position in respect to these structures. Adjourning the matter, they directed a \"status quo as regards status of structures\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11706058", "title": "Tiger census put off due to elections", "text": "NAGPUR: Owing to multiple reasons, the annual tiger estimation exercise to be taken up in four tiger reserves, national parks and sanctuaries has been rescheduled.The eight-day exercise, which was to be held from February 2 to 7, will now be held from February 10 to 17. A fresh schedule was issued by the PCCF (wildlife) office on Tuesday.\"Officials concerned sought some time to procure essential material like cameras and rangefinders needed to conduct the census exercise. Hence, the date has been rescheduled,\" said SK Khetarpal, the principal chief conservator of forests for wildlife.Khetarpal added that another problem was about the zilla parishad elections on February 7. Absence of forest staff on poll duty might affect census work. \"By postponing the exercise, we might be able to do it in a better way,\" he added.The NTCA is yet to release funds for the census exercise. \"We expect it in a day or two. We also want to sign an MOU with the NTCA. All this will be completed before February 10,\" said Khetarpal.The PCCF said the fourth phase will help know tiger numbers in each reserve with the help of mark recapture based camera traps. The cameras will be two-sided and placed at 4 sq km each for 45-60 days i.e. 1,000 nights.After the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) adopted the new tiger census methodology in 2006, figures of individual tiger reserves have not been declared. The numbers included estimation of a protected area (PA) and its entire landscape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11707286", "title": "Candidates rush to file nomination", "text": "NASHIK: The last day for filing nomination papers for the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) elections saw a rush of candidates at the civic body's divisional offices on Tuesday, with many prominent candidates filing their nomination papers.Till January 30, 848 candidates had submitted their nomination papers out of the 1,400 forms that had been purchased. From January 24 till January 31, the total number of nomination papers filed was 2,483. The major rush to the divisional offices to submit the papers was during the last two days, with most parties declaring the list of their candidates from January 29.On January 24, the first day for filing the nomination papers, three candidates had submitted the papers of the four forms that had been purchased. The numbers went on increasing with each passing day as aspirants began getting an idea of their candidature. Also, some candidates, realising that they may not get nominated by their party, had also began to file their nomination papers as Independent candidates.The elections to the 122-member NMC are scheduled for February 16. This time, the ruling BJP-Shiv Sena combine is breaking up, with the parties contesting separately, while the Congress and the NCP have formed a pre-poll alliance. The Shiv Sena has aligned with the RPI (Athavale) faction and is contesting 106 seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11708335", "title": "City crime branch begins new probe", "text": "GURGAON: A crime branch team of the Gurgaon police has started a fresh investigation into the murder of Sinsi Sebastian, the trainee software designer who was found dead at her paying guest accommodation in U-block of DLF Phase III on January 11.The team visited the PG on Tuesday to get fresh leads in the case. Three weeks after the woman's body was found, the case was handed over to the Crime Branch. The CIA police visited the PG and had a talk with Sinsi's aunt and the PG owner. A senior police officer said the case was complicated. According to the statement of the owner of the shop from where the murder weapon was purchased, a teenager had bought a knife and asked him whether it would be good enough to chop mutton and chicken. Police would soon interrogate Sinsi's room mate too. A senior police officer said the case would soon be solved. Sinsi (23) belonged to Kerala and had recently come to the city to work. Investigators in the past suspected a love triangle in the murder after going through Sinsi's mobile phone call details. There were regular calls made to and from Sinsi's mobile phone to a colleague mostly during nights in the past one month of her death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11707351", "title": "No I-T relief for Azharuddin", "text": "HYDERABAD: Sachin Tendulkar has outshone Md Azharuddin again. And this time it's not a cricketing feat but an Income-Tax (I-T) exemption that the 'little master' has managed to clinch unlike Azharuddin. While 'artiste' Tendulkar, through a case heard before the Mumbai bench of the I-T Appellate Tribunal last year, had managed to earn himself heavy tax breaks on his income through endorsements, 'model' Azharuddin has failed to do so.In fact, in a latest development, the two-member bench of the Hyderabad I-T Appellate Tribunal has decided against granting the former cricketer any I-T exemptions for his income either as an 'amateur' sportsperson or 'model'. The matter will now be heard by a special three-member bench to be set up by the tribunal soon.In 1998-99, the wristy right-hander had declared himself as a 'professional model' (for various commercials) and 'amateur cricketer' before the city I-T department to seek tax exemptions roughly running into a few crores of rupees. When his request for exemption was turned down by the commissioner of I-T (Appeals), Azharuddin had filed a second appeal with the tribunal.After several hearings conducted over a period of 14 years, the bench last week ruled that his claim was not justifiable. \"Actually, there was a disagreement between the two members with one accepting Azharuddin's argument and the other denying it,\" said I-T sources. The bench comprised Chandra Poojari and Asha Vijayraghavan.Incidentally, Vijayraghavan was also part of the three-member bench that had heard Tendulkar's case last year. Though the judicial member of the tribunal had disagreed to the master blaster's request of being granted exemption under the 'artiste' category (he had argued that a person needed creativity to face the camera and hence he was an artiste), the ruling was still passed in Tendulkar's favour as the two other members stood for him.This recent decision of the Hyderabad bench has now prompted the tribunal to set up a special three-member bench to hear the matter again and take a final call in the case. The hearing will be held in the next two-three months, sources said.An official said, \"After the Tendulkar case last year where the tribunal easily waived his tax dues and accepted that he was an 'artiste', we had thought that even Azharuddin would manage to get away. But that does not seem to have been the case, which is heartening.\"While it still remains to be seen what the tribunal finally decides, sources in the I-T corridors feel that the ace striker might fail to hit a boundary this time around.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11705345", "title": "Studies on hold with teachers on poll duty", "text": "PUNE: School and junior college teachers from government-aided schools will be on election duty soon which may affect students.With higher secondary certificate (HSC, std XII) examinations scheduled on February 21 and secondary school certificate (SSC, std X) examination on March 1, schools are finding it impossible to manage the academic obligations with just 10% teachers in attendance. They are away at a training session conducted by the election department of the Pune Municipal Corporation at Balgandharva Rangmandir, Ganesh Kala Krida Manch and Yashwantrao Chavan Natyagruha.Madhura Kulkarni, principal of Nutan Marathi Vidyalaya said, \"Only five to six teachers in our school have been spared from election duty. It's difficult to manage classes with such a short staff. We are trying our best to engage students in some way.\"Schools are complaining that their teachers were busy with census work that hampered teaching in schools. \"Election duty is adding to our woes as we have to finish the syllabus for the annual examination,\" Kulkarni said. A total of 38 school teachers and 14 junior college teachers have been undergoing the election training from NMV.Ujjwala Chafekar, principal of Abhinav Vidyalaya, said, \"About 75 % of our teachers have been appointed on election duty. We have completed the syllabus for SSC and students are preparation mode, so we are not worried about them. But, there are other classes and we have no teachers to teach them. On Tuesday, of the eight periods, I have given four free periods to students.\"The Huzurpaga School and College in Sadashiv Peth has just three teachers who were spared from election duty, while 50 others have to go for it. An official at the school said, \"There is immense pressure on the teachers who are at school as they are finding it difficult to manage so many students. They are assigning tasks to students so that they are kept busy.\"Renuka Swaroop School has 50 of its teachers on election duty. The school officials decided not to conduct the last two periods as they were falling short of teachers.A teacher attending the election training at Balgandharva Rangmandir said, \"Most of the teachers from my school are here. Soon, we will be posted for polling duty and our students will suffer. I don't know how we will manage the syllabus as the annual exam is approaching.\"Mangesh Sabnis, president of the Pune Parents-Teachers Action Committee, said, \"We are against posting teachers on election duty. The students suffer and this is peak academic time as exams are approaching. In fact, the association feels primary section teachers must be spared from this duty.\"Jayant Jain, president, Forum for Fairness in Education, a non-governmental organisation, said it was revision time in schools. \"I don't know how the school managements will do without teachers. There has to be a separate mechanism for census and election duty instead of appointing school teachers all the time.\"The forum will soon file a petition in the high court against use of school facilities for election. Jain said, \"Every time schools have to lend their facilities for election purpose, it disturbs the routine.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11708313", "title": "Bhondsi sarpanch suspended over financial irregularities", "text": "GURGAON: The city administration has finally cracked down on the sarpanch of Bhondsi village over allegations of financial irregularities detected during a probe carried out last month. The sarpanch, Sanjay, was suspended on Tuesday afternoon.Earlier, the city administration had issued notices to a former sarpanch, Ajay, for recovery of Rs 63 lakh which he had spent on different accounts in the village overshooting the financial limit. The city administration had taken a serious note of the overspending by both the sarpanchs in the past five years. It is interesting to note that both the sarpanchs are brothers. A senior city administration official said: \"The probe had shown that both the previous sarpanchs had overspent the panchyat money in different projects. Ajay was held responsible for the overspending since he was a sarpanch during that time.\"Bhondsi is one of the biggest villages in Gurgaon district. The state government had put a cap of Rs 10 lakh on spending by all the village panchyats. Acting on a complaint, the city administration ordered a series of enquiries by different departments like power, PWD and public health to analyze the funding of the projects in the village. In each probe, it was found that the overall cost of the projects executed by the sarpanchs in their respective tenures were far more than the actual cost.\"For example, the cost of erecting electricity poles was far more than the actual rates, according to the power department. Similarly, the pipes that have been fixed for water supply were not used as per the technical specification, which escalated the cost of the entire project,\" said the official.The inquiries pinned down the sarpanch, Ajay, and it was calculated that a wasteful expenditure of Rs 63 lakh was approved by him during his tenure, while his brother Sanjay too continued to spend more than the sanctioned Rs 10 lakh cap. Senior district officials said that the state government should include BDOs to monitor the spending of village panchyats. At present, the village sarpanch and gram panchyat officials clear every developmental work and withdraw the money from the panchyat account. \"So, there is no one to know the approval or financial viability of any development work. The sarpanch directly deals with the contractor for the work and pays as per his demands,\" said another official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11708360", "title": "Anthology of poems by Dheera Khandelwal released", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Known for coming out with new ventures while in office, Dheera Khandelwal on Tuesday attained another identity for multi-lingual poetic skills with the release of Hindi, Punjabi and Urdu editions of In Search of Stars, a collection of poems by her in English.The book is a collection of Japanese poems told from a new perception. An anthology of Haikus, it offers an insight into the very important form of traditional Japanese poetry.This is the second such book authored by Dheera Khandelwal. Earlier, she had co-authored four volumes of a digest on Right to Information Act with her husband K K Khandelwal, additional principal secretary to Haryana chief minister.\"Haiku is a very important form of traditional Japanese poetry and the poet has to express views in three lines and 17 syllables only. Haiku is based on Zen Buddhist philosophy of brevity and simplicity. The term Haiku was coined in 1890 which generally means 'Starting Verse',\" Dheera said. She has dedicated the book to her father-in-law Ram Sahai and mother-in-law Prem Lata.Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda released the book, while ministers Ajay Singh Yadav, Kiran Choudhary, senior bureaucrats, writers and critics from the region attended the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11706750", "title": "New evaluation system designed to upgrade school education", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Come June and the state's primary education will take a quantum leap with an innovative evaluation system that will do much more than track students' academic progress. Right from emotional quotient to analytical skills and social interactivity will be mapped according to this system called Continous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE).CCE will become the norm from June for standards VI, VII and VIII in all government and private schools. From 2013, the Gujarat Council of Educational Research and Training (GCERT) will implement CCE from standard I. This will be along with recommendations of the Right To Education Act. According to GCERT officials RTE is also going to be mandatory from 2013 for all government and private schools.The CCE will map a variety of subjects including physical, mental, emotional and intellectual development of the students every year. GCERT director M N Bhad said: \"The reason for this move is to ensure all-round development of students. The evaluation will highlight strengths and weaknesses of each student. Teaching styles will then be changed and adapted to suit individual students. This will be much more effective than the generalized approach that most schools follow these days. We shall begin by June 2012, all necessary rules and regulations have been prepared.\"The evaluation, said GCERT officials, will be put in the report card that shall be prepared for each student after every academic year. The card shall also contain medical details including height, weight and ailments if any. The GCERT has consulted no less than 300 experts on the rules and modules for CCE.\"This is more like tracing the child's progress through the years. Attendance, preference for activities will be other subjects covered under CCE. For instance if a child is a loner or likes to be in groups, then the teachers' approach towards him will be adapted suitably. His academic leanings will also be mapped as will his interaction skills with other students along with writing skills or any other special abilities,\" said a senior GCERT official.The card at the end of the year will be comprehensive. \"Any teacher reading the card in the next class will know what the weaknesses are and which areas need more attention for students in any classroom. This will ensure a holistic development for each student,\" said GCERT officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11711534", "title": "Militants kill 14 paramilitary troopers in southwest Pakistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: At least 14 paramilitary troopers were killed in a militant attack on a security post in the restive Balochistan province of southwest Pakistan, official sources said on Wednesday.The sources in the Frontier Corps told reporters in Quetta, the capital of Balochistan, that 15 more troopers were injured in the attack in Sibi district late on Tuesday night.When troopers did not return to their barracks from a check post in Marawar area, 40 km from Quetta, Tuesday evening, other soldiers went to the post.They found 14 bodies and injured troopers lying at the post, the sources said.The sources said a helicopter was sent to the area after authorities in Quetta received information of the attack.The bodies and seriously injured troopers were airlifted to Quetta.Additional security forces were sent to the area for a search operation but no one was arrested. The sources further said that the attackers burnt the security post.No group claimed responsibility for the attack but such incidents are usually blamed on Baloch insurgent groups waging a violent campaign for greater autonomy and a say in the exploitation of the province's abundant natural resources.The insurgents have stepped up attacks on security forces in Balochistan in recent weeks.At least 14 Frontier Corps personnel, including two junior commissioned officers, were killed and nine more injured in an armed attack by Baloch militants close to the Iranian border in Turbat district last month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11708223", "title": "Now, toll-free number to register water supply complaints", "text": "GURGAON: After the power department, the Haryana public health engineering department will launch a toll-free number to facilitate the consumers in getting their grievances related to water supply and sewerage redressed. This is likely to start functioning in two months.Disclosing this, public health engineering minister Kiran Choudhry on Tuesday said that the toll-free telephone number would be common for the entire state. Choudhry said that the new mechanism would fix the accountability of the officers concerned.Complaints can be lodged between 6 am and 8 pm through the IVRS system. It would make the departmental officers more responsible to address the public complaints, she claimed. Choudhry said the information of a complaint would be immediately flashed to the concerned junior engineer or sub-divisional engineer and they would have to redress the complaint between 3-5 days and inform the call centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11712850", "title": "Tigers feel the might of the Warriors", "text": "The Venkatesh-led Telugu warriors outclassed novices Bengal Tigers to lead the CCL points chartThe dugout of the Telugu Warriors is always the most colourful, what with all the lovely ladies there cheering them on. In fact, the on-ground buzz has been that the damsels - Parul, Kamana Jethmalani, Deeksha Seth, Sia Goutham, Archana, Meenakshi Dixit, Catherine Tresa and Ragini Dwivedi - are Venkatesh gaaru-led team's lucky mascots. Be it that or the fact that the team has been striving to excel at the game and stamp its superiority over its competitors, the second season of the Celebrity Cricket League (CCL) has definitely been looking good for the Telugu Warriors.On Sunday, the Warriors played against the Bengal Tigers in a match that can only be called one-sided. Sent in to bat first, the Tigers were a lost lot as, their batsmen were sent back to the pavilion one by one, after very brief stays at the crease. At one point, the team was floundering at 37 for 6, after which Ruban, Heerok and Indrashish steadied the innings to finish at 102 for 9. In response, the Warriors made quick work of the target, finishing with four overs to spare, which prompted host Charu Sharma to jocularly ask Venkatesh at the award presentation to show some mercy to his competitors.Later in the day, it was the turn of the Mumbai Heroes to take on the Karnataka Bulldozers. Under the flashlights and a full capacity stadium, most of whom were supporting the local team, Sudeep's men decided to bat first and set a target. (Perhaps because they lost their previous match attempting to chase and win). The plan, said a team member, was to score at least 175 in their 20 overs. They didn't get there, but the eventual target of 169 that they set was enough to have the Mumbai Heroes sweat.Cheered on by a huge contingent from the Sandalwood industry, including Aindrita Ray, Sanjjanaa, Ragini, Tara, Madhuri Bhattacharya, Nikesha Patel, Sri Murali, Puneeth and Raghavendra Rajkumar, among others, the Bulldozers sent Suniel Shetty's men packing. In the end, Varun Badola's spirited and defiant 50 came to nought (he was seen throwing his bat and helmet in frustration after being bowled), as the Heroes were bundled out for 155. The Mumbai Heroes should perhaps take a leaf out of the Warriors' or Bulldozers' book - bring on the babes!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11707260", "title": "Jewellery worth Rs 76,000, cash stolen in two burglaries", "text": "Jewellery worth Rs 76,000 were reported stolen in two separate incidents in the Indiranagar area of the city.According to reports Unidentified burglars broke open the flat of one Yogesh Gangurde at Chetananagar, and stole gold jewellery worth Rs 42,000 and Rs 8,000 in cash, on January 28 between 9am and 2pm. Apart from this cash of Rs 8,000 was also stolen from his house.In a separate incident, jewellery worth Rs 34,000 and Rs 12,000 in cash, were stolen from the flat of Narendra More of Rajeev Nagar on January 30 between 9.45am and 4.30pm. Both offences in this regard have been registered at the Indiranagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11708698", "title": "Hindutva lab is now refuge for Kashmiri Muslims", "text": "AHMEDABAD: What about Kashmiri Pandits? This is a common refrain the moment one talks about the 2002 post-Godhra riots and their effect on the Muslim community. But 10 years after one of the worst cases of communal violence in the state, scared Muslims from the Valley have taken shelter in Gujarat - the state that was once called the laboratory of Hindutva.Some 50 families arrived in the city from the terror-torn Baramulla about two months ago and are living in tents near the Kalupur railway station. The settlement is not exactly heaven on earth, but these men and women are reluctant to go back home and get sandwiched between security forces and terrorists.The irony of their condition is not lost on them. \"In Kashmir, we are as worse off as Muslims in Gujarat were after the 2002 riots,\" one of them says. Some are not ready to be photographed , fearing they would be put in an embarrassing situation if their families in Baramulla found out they had taken shelter in Ahmedabad .They had initially escaped to Srinagar, but the freezing winter and the lack of proper shelter forced them to leave. Finding work, however, has not been easy as many of them are carpet weavers, a skill not in demand in Ahmedabad.\"We were told there would be work in Ahmedabad, but it has been tough so far,\" says Parvez Ahmed Khan, a member of the group, living in a squalid open ground of a closed textile mill in Saraspur . \"Some religious and community outfits have volunteered to help, but it is now becoming difficult to feed our women and children.\"Adds Shehzad Ahmed Khan, \"Very few of us have found work.\" It seems no one wants to take the risk of employing a Kashmiri Muslim. Caught between unemployment and little assistance from NGOs, some of them started begging in Muslim ghettos of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "burdwan (wb)", "code": "11710879", "title": "Seven-month-old girl found abandoned in Bengal train", "text": "BURDWAN (WB): Close on the heels of battered baby Falak's case in New Delhi, another shocking matter has come to light of a seven-month-old baby girl being abandoned in a compartment of the Toofan Express at Madhpur Station.The passengers of the S1 coach of the train found the baby abandoned last night. They informed the Travelling Ticket Examiner (TTE) about the abandoned baby, police said. But the TTE and the passengers could not locate the parents of the baby, they said.They baby was then handed over the Government Railway Police (GRP) at the Asansol Railway Station. The baby has been admitted to the Assansol Sub- Divisional Hospital for treatment.Two-year-old Falak was abandoned in AIIMS with critical injuries by a teenager. She continues to be in a critical condition and has contracted meningitis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11706639", "title": "HC seels explanation on parking policy", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Tuesday summoned the joint commissioner of traffic police for an explanation over attempts to mislead the court on policy of parking and licensing for food catering vans.Justice Hima Kohli asked him to appear before the court in person on Friday.Lack of clarity on policy led to wastage of court time, HC pointed out and overrode objections by the counsel for the police not to summon the senior officer, instead asking him to appear and answer if the traffic police demands no-objection certificates from every catering van stationed across the city.HC was upset that while the counsel on behalf of the police told it on Monday the police insisted that vendors first obtain an NOC from DDA before they can be allowed to start business, the petitioners furnished an RTI reply from the police that admitted an NOC wasn't required to set up catering vans.On Monday HC had made its displeasure clear with the DDA and MCD over absence of a coherent policy for parking and licensing of food catering vans in the city. Justice Kohli lamented over the \"complete chaos\" whenever multiple agencies get involved and wondered why there wasn't a system in place for parking and licensing of the vans, including a single-window clearance so that people don't have to go to authorities for clearance.The court's observations came while dealing with a batch of petitions by catering van owners complaining about the \"arbitrary and unjust\" manner in which they were evicted out by the civic agencies from Dwarka. The petitioners claimed they were peacefully and legally carrying out their profession in various Dwarka sectors but were evicted by the police blaming them for traffic congestion. The police told them to first obtain an NOC then seek permission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11708417", "title": "Toll free number to register water, sewage complaints in Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Fed up with the frequent incidents of road blockades due to non-availability of drinking water or releasing of new sewer connection or maintenance of water and sewage lines, Haryana public health engineering department (PHED) has decided to launch a toll free number to facilitate consumers in getting their grievances redressed in a time bound manner.This public grievances redressal mechanism will start functioning within two months. Besides ensuring time bound redressal of water and sewage complaints, the mechanism introduced by PHED is a pick from the system of automated voice recording system (AVRS) introduced by electricity distribution companies five years ago.\"This is being done to ensure time bound redressal of complaints and a mechanism to put a check on employees as well as officers, who would not be able to escape responsibilities any more,\" PHED minister Kiran Choudhary said.Soon after registration, the complaint would immediately be flashed to the concerned junior engineer or sub-divisional engineer, who would have to redress the complaint within three-five days and inform back the call centers. In case no information about redressal of complaint was received in call centres within the specified time period, it would automatically move to senior officer of the rank of executive engineer or superintending engineer. They would have to respond within seven days, otherwise the complaint would be forwarded to head office.Meanwhile, the minister also announced intensification of the department's drive to conserve water, with participation of village level committees, having 50% of members as women. The department also announced rewards for village panchayats working towards conservation of water.Survey plannedThe PHED is planning a survey to assess the satisfaction levels for water supply in villages of Mahendergarh, Bhiwani and Jhajjar districts. The study will be conducted by department of management studies, Deen Bandhu Chhottu Ram University of Science and Technology, Murthal. Apart from knowing deficiencies in water supply and other problems, the study would also help assess ground realities and would help the department prepare augmentation or improvement schemes as per requirements of public or village panchayats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "11708146", "title": "Voter profile makes Amritsar West a low polling zone", "text": "AMRITSAR: The lowest turnout in Amritsar West among all constituencies in Punjab hasn't come as much of a surprise for many in the city as it has recorded low polling for the last many assembly elections. The is mainly due to large concentration of employees, migrant labourers and daily wagers in this seat. The delimitation exercise only added to the voters' confusion.In 1997, Amritsar West constituency recorded a turnout of 58%, in 2002 it further dipped to 49% and showed a perceptible rise to 55% in 2007.This time, the number of people casting the ballot rose to 57.59%, but it was still the least in all the 117 constituencies of the state.Explaining why this seat has bucked the trend, CPI candidate Amarjit Singh Asal, said, ''Most of the employees were on election duty while the daily wagers preferred to earn their daily bread than vote. The constituency has around 6,000 employee voters, but only 22 exercised their franchise.\"This constituency comprises slums like Ghanpur, Naraingarh, Wadali, Kot Khalsa, Ghumanpur, and colonies like Chheharta, Putligarh, Kabir Park, Dashmesh Avenue, Mohnni Park, residential colonies along GT Road and upper crest areas of Rani Ka Bagh and Ajnala Road.A survey by NGO Mission Agaz had found that most people were not even aware of the candidates or parties contesting elections. ''To our utter surprise, they are unaware of even their constituency and candidates,\" said the NGO's executive director Deepak Babbar.Another reason for the low turnout was people's disinterest after delimitation converted the area into a reserved seat. This led to shifting of traditional candidates to other constituencies and entry of new ones, who were perceived as \"outsiders\" by the residents.Three-time MLA OP Soni had to leave this constituency, and two new faces - Raj Kumar of Congress and Rajesh Gill of BJP - contested from this seat.\"This time, people were not interested in the candidates, so they didn't go out to vote,\" said Gurbhej Singh, who runs a cyber cafe.A student, Harpreet Kaur, 22 said, \"I think people of my constituency didn't like outsiders, but the low turnout was also due to a large number of labourers, auto rickshaw drivers and factory workers living in the area.\"An employee, Roshan Sharma, said most of the employees of various government departments and schools were given election duties so they couldn't vote.Shopkeepers of the area also didn't show much interest in polling and kept their establishments open on election day, pointed out Babbar.Year: Voting1997: 58%2002: 49%2007: 552010: 57.59%Total voters: 1,65,659Polled: 95,414Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11707945", "title": "OFS officer moves state election commission against estranged husband", "text": "Bhubaneswar: Odisha Forest Service (OFS) officer Sasmita Lenka on Tuesday moved the state election commission asking it to take action against her estranged husband Debi Prasad Mohanty for evading election duty.Sasmita, who had earlier brought allegations of torture against Mohanty, prayed before the commission to direct the Bhadrak district collector to take action against him for his absence. According to Lenka, an assistant conservator of forests in the city forest division, Mohanty was appointed returning officer for the panchayat election in Bhadrak, but has been absent from his duties since January 11.Along with her petition, Lenka has also attached a newspaper notice of the Bhadrak district collector published on January 19. \"You are extending your casual leave from January 11 and your leave application doesn't mention your contact address. Your absence may affect panchayat election work. You are requested to re-join by January 21, or else action will be taken against you,\" the notice reads.State election commissioner Ajit Tripathy said action would be taken against Mohanty according to law. \"The commission has nothing to say about the dispute between the husband and the wife. However, disciplinary action will be taken against the erring official for being on leave despite being assigned ele ction duty,\" Tripathy said, adding, the work will not suffer for his absence.Incidentally, Sasmita, in a petition before the State Women Commission on January 16, had complained of police inaction into her complaint against her husband. She said she had married Mohanty in a court in 2009, and it was solemnized according to Hindu rituals in 2011. However, the marriage was tumultuous from the very beginning. Sasmita said Mohanty and his associates had threatened to kill her if she did not agree to his proposal of divorce in December last year. She said Mohanty often impersonated as an IPS officer and also accused him of dowry torture, cruelty, cheating and mischief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11707929", "title": "Keen contest likely for KBA elections", "text": "KANPUR: There will be triangular contests for three key posts of Kanpur Bar Association slated to be held here at DAV College on February 1.For the president's post Tarunendra Kumar Bajpai, Ramendra Singh Katiyar and Satyendra Kumar Dwivedi are in the fray.Similarly, Dinesh Kumar Shukla, Peeyush Awasthi and Sarvesh Kushwaha are trying their luck for general secretary's post.Sanjay Kumar Agarwal, Vijay Shankar Rawat and Ashok Kumar Pandey were contesting for the post of treasurer.Though according to code of conduct canvassing was prohibited but candidates continued seeking vote and support. They met lawyers personally and asked to them to vote. Posters were found pasted on the walls of the court.The elder committee made arrangements for voting which would be held from 8 am to 5 pm without any break. According to the chairman of the elders committee, those carrying identity cards issued by UP Bar Council would be allowed to vote.Candidates had been asked not to raise any stall or pandal in the periphery of 500 metres from venue of voting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11708461", "title": "4 chain-snatchings in 2 days", "text": "CHENNAI: Four women lost nearly 29 sovereigns of gold chains in four separate incidents the city in the last two days.Padmavathy (48), wife of Gunasekaran of 16th Cross Street in Indira Nagar, was walking home on Monday evening when a man on a bike snatched her six sovereign chain and sped away.In Alwarpet, Mekalai (44), wife of cab driver Kulandai Pandian of Mudali Street, was going to call some friends on an adjacent street when a man snatched her eight sovereign chain and escaped.Vasantha (37) of Venkata Naicker Street in Egmore was walking home at 5.45 pm on Sunday when a man on a bike snatched her 10.5 sovereign chain and fled.In Esplanade, Meenakshi was walking home on Monday evening when a man on a bike snatched her five sovereign chain and drove off. Police registered several complaints and began investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11709516", "title": "Cops were sure accused would be nailed", "text": "MUMBAI: Investigators in the Adnan Patrawala murder case expressed shock at the acquittal of the four accused men. The officers said they were confident of a conviction since the four accused themselves had taken the police to the spot where the body and the evidences were found.The investigators refused to discuss the case in details, maintaining that they along with their seniors will first discuss the case with special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam. \"We will study the order to know what went wrong in the case before challenging it in the high court,\" said an officer.The murder case was registered at Oshiwara police station. It was first investigated by several officers, after which the probe was handed over to a team led by inspector Govind Giri, who is now an assistant commissioner of police.\"The four accused themselves took us to recover the body, the rope (used to strangulate Adnan), and the car used in the crime. How did they know these things if they were not involved in the crime? The case was investigated well,\" said one investigator.The policemen said the probe had focused on Patrawala's friends directly the teen's parents filed a case of kidnapping on August 19, 2007. Soon after , officers homed in on the four men who were later accused of the murder . Cops first detained Sujit Nair, who confessed killing Patrawala during interrogation, an officer claimed. Nair also took the police to the spot in Navi Mumbai where Patrawala's body was dumped and pointed out where Adnan's car was deserted, the officer asserted . Separately, the police interrogated Ayush Bhat, who too made the same confession and directed cops to the same spot in Navi Mumbai, the officer continued. He also led cops to the place where the rope used for strangulation and Patrawala's clothes were abandoned. \"The evidences were recovered with the help of the four men. This indicated their involvement in the crime,\" said the investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11706824", "title": "Carton with a hand and legs found", "text": "JODHPUR: Four days after a headless body was found in a deserted bag onboard Secunderabad-Bikaner train at Merta station, a hand and legs were found in a carton at Marwar Junction on Tuesday. Preliminary investigation links these limbs with the headless body found in Merta.According to the SP (GRP - Ajmer) Veerbhan Ajwani, some people saw the dogs with a human leg on the railway track at the Marwar junction station on Tuesday afternoon. \"We checked the carton from where the leg had been taken from and were shocked to see a hand and one more leg in a polybag in this carton\", said Ajwani.He said, \"We are linking these limbs with the headless bust found in Merta on Friday as there are many similarities in both the cases\". The investigation team of Merta had been called to the spot, which found that the skin colour of the body and the limbs matches. \"Also the polybag used in both the cases is similar. We will now resort to DNA test to arrive at any conclusion,\" added Ajwani.If the limbs belong to the headless body that was found recently at Merta junction then the head and one hand remains to be found. Marwar junction is located on the Secunderabad-Bikaner railway track and it is believed that somebody had taken down this carton finding it deserted, but after seeing the limbs, might have dropped it on the track leaving the other carton in the train, which was spotted in Merta.\"If this is the same body and after finding these two cartons here, we think the carton containing head and one hand might be somewhere between Secunderabad and Marwar junction\", speculated Ajwani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11706859", "title": "SI slaps woman conductor, faces probe", "text": "BANGALORE: Barely has the dust settled on an IAS officer's wife slapping a woman inspector on duty, a sub-inspector allegedly slapped a woman bus conductor on Tuesday for a delay in the boarding of passengers.The drama played out in route no. 65B, a single-door Pushpak, at Agrahara Dasarahalli bus stop, following which the bus driver took the bus to Vijayanagar police station, and Shailaja, the conductor, filed a complaint against Mahakavi Sanjay Murty, a sub-inspector with Seshadripuram police station.It was around 9.15am when the bus, plying from Basaveshwaranagar to Banashankari, stopped at Agrahara Dasarahalli for passengers. The bus was blocking vehicles on the road.Sub-inspector Murty, on his way to work on his motorcycle, was stuck behind the bus. He waited for a few minutes, then barged into the bus and picked an argument with bus driver, Siddaraju. Shylaja, the conductor, joined the argument and as things heated up, Murty slapped Shylaja.Seeing this, Siddaraju shut the door of the bus and drove straight to Vijayanagar police station with SI Murty inside.Shylaja lodged a complaint against Murty, and later told reporters that the sub-inspector had used foul language against the her and the driver. \"He began to argue when we told him the bus cannot move when passengers are boarding. Then he slapped me,\" she said.The SI was unavailable for his version of the incident, though DCP (West) SN Siddaramappa said an inquiry would be held, and if found guilty, action would be taken against the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11712752", "title": "Better sanitation infrastructure at school", "text": "PUNE: Pune based Kirloskar Foundation has teamed up with Rotary Club of Poona and Stavanger Rotary Club of Norway to build an all new toilet block at Maharashtra Arogya Mandal's Dada Gujar High School at Mohmadwai under a special initiative to improve health and hygiene in schools.The new toilet block is spread across 650 square feet and will now provide clean water, space for hand wash and toilets for boys and girls. With this now the school will be able to maintain balance between the number of students and requirement of toilets for the same.The block was recently inaugurated by Vinay Kulkarni, former governor of Rotary Club. S F Patil and Anil Gujar, president and secretary of Maharashtra Aarogya Mandal, R A Shinde, vice president human resources, Kirloskar Pneumatics, Prem Prakash from Stavanger Rotary Club of Norway, Narpati Luthra from Rotary Club of Poona and Datta Bhandar, project coordinator of this project were present on the occasion.The project has been planned and implemented by Kirloskar Foundation, while the other involved bodies have taken up the cost of the project along with Kirloskar Foundation. Dada Gujar High School is located in the semi urban area at Mohmmadwadi and has over 1100 students. Before implementing the project a study about the requirement of water and sanitation for the school was conducted and then it was implemented in consultation with school authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11706345", "title": "Take a stroll: Roads safer soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: UTTIPEC has identified five road stretches where pedestrian facilities will be enforced expeditiously. Later, the measures will be enforced on all roads in the city.The order comes days after TOI carried a series of reports highlighting the vulnerability of pedestrians on these five stretches. The stretches are NH-1 (GT Karnal Road), NH-2 (Badarpur Road), NH-10 (New Rohtak Road), GT Road and Road Number 56.UTTIPEC director Ashok Bhattacharjee said, \"The governing body has taken this decision where pedestrian facilities will be constructed on all roads in Delhi with these five corridors in particular where work will be done expeditiously. UTTIPEC in coordination with traffic police and road owning agencies will work out a comprehensive plan and a detailed programme within three weeks for all these stretches where a focused, planned approach will be taken to improve the overall road safety and pedestrian vulnerability. The implementation on-ground at these five stretches should be within three months. UTTIPEC's street guidelines will be adhered to and this will make roads safer.\"Pedestrian facilities like speed-regulating measures on road, pedestrian crossovers, continuous footpaths and proper road signage will be installed on all roads. \"Proper crossing points along entire stretches need to be identified instead of single-point crossings. We visited NH-1 along with officials of agencies concerned and it was found that while half of the accidents took place at five major points, the rest of them were scattered along the stretch, indicating the need for adequate crossover facilities along the entire road length,\" said Bhattacharjee.In 2011, NH-1 emerged as the biggest killer with a 60% jump in fatal accidents on the stretch - and more than half of them being pedestrians. \"NH-1 is elevated while the service road is on a lower level, making it harder for pedestrians to cross over. Meanwhile, the other stretches have their own unique problems which need to addressed separately. While NH-10 lacks even the basic pedestrian facilities like footpaths and safe zebra crossings, proper pedestrian measures need to be in place both on the flyover and underneath it. There are pedestrian measures that are being put in place on Road Number 56, but certain things such as a proper divider and some zebra crossings need to be made on that stretch. On the Badarpur stretch, traffic is on high speed from Faridabad to Ali village and some underpasses were supposed to be constructed underneath the flyover, which were planned and are yet to be constructed. Connectivity with the Sarita Vihar Metro station to the other side of the stretch is also required,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Two roads, the Ring Road and the Outer Ring Road, also need urgent intervention, said traffic cops. \"Both these roads have recorded the highest number of fatal accidents in 2011. Though accidents have decreased on both these stretches and they are significantly longer than the other roads, pedestrian facilities need to be in place for these two roads as well, which have caused 80 and 42 pedestrian deaths, respectively, in 2011,\" said a senior traffic police officer.TOI had earlier highlighted how there is a severe lack of proper pedestrian facilities in Delhi. Despite proper street guidelines planned for Delhi by UTTIPEC since 2009, they exist only on paper, with little or faulty implementation. Last year, 946 pedestrians died in fatal road accidents, which is more than 46 per cent of the total road accident victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11706437", "title": "SSC exam: 50% city students fail to clear the mock test", "text": "NAGPUR: While the Maharashtra state education board is hoping to increase its quality by changing the marking scheme for mathematics in the SSC exam, teachers' union say the impact on results will be drastic.The Nagpur District Mathematics Teachers Association (NDMTA) conducted a mock test of 4,000 students from the district and the results were dismal. Purshottam Panchbhai, president of NDMTA, said, \"Over 50 per cent students failed the exam mainly due to the new marking system being implemented by the board. We are of the opinion that from 2012 onwards, mathematics will replace English as the killer subject.\"Under the new marking scheme applicable from the 2012 SSC board exam, students would require to score a minimum 25 per cent in the theory exam. There are two theory papers for total 120 marks and students would need to score at least 30 marks to get through. The internal exam will carry a total of 30 marks but there is no minimum passing mark required.Panchbhai, said, \"So even if a student scores full marks in the internal exam and falls short of the 25 per cent in theory, he will fail the exam. In the earlier system a student would be able to sail through if his cumulative marks of theory and internal are more than the minimum required. This kind of rule is not applicable in any board of the country hence I don't see the reason why our state is imposing it on us.\"The state's logic of putting this rule is to increase the quality of mathematic education. The board's Nagpur Division chairman Chandramani Borkar, said, \"In the country, mathematics is compulsory till Std X because of the simple reason that a basic level of knowledge is required in everyday life. Regardless of what field you work in, you may be required to do some calculations like average sales, average attendance of staff etc\"In the last SSC exam around 2,000 students had scored zero in mathematic theory, while having good scores in internal. This disparity raised questions about the integrity of grading during internal exam. Now the board has changed the look of the mark list as well and included a new column where internal marks will be mentioned separately.NDMTA's Panchbhai feels that quality of students is going down due to some sections of Right To Education.\"We cannot fail anyone till Std VIII and that means a student who cannot do basic arithmetic will be appearing for SSC. They are certainly going to fail the exams and the blame will come on the math teachers,\" said Panchbhai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11706472", "title": "HC raps govt in Ramgarh dam case", "text": "JAIPUR: The district administration on Tuesday failed to name before the high court the government officers who made land allotments in the catchment area of the Ramgarh dam that has dried up.The administration, which was creating a hype since past two days that it was ready with the report to be submitted before the high court, was rapped for its failure by the single bench of Justice M N Bhandari.The judge verbally remarked that the government officials appeared keen to avoid disclosing details of the land allotments made in the catchment area.\"If no action is taken against guilty officers, illegal allotments in the Dam's catchment area will go on,\" Justice Bhandari said, while hearing the suo motu petition related to encroachments around the Dam.The government has been told to not allow any constructions in the dam's catchment area till the petition was pending before the high court. The bench verbally remarked that the persons who were allotted land in the catchment area appeared to be influential people.The government, meanwhile, pleaded before the court that since the allotments happened as early as 1960 and many of these were caught in litigations before the Board of Revenue, it was difficult to identify these officers. The bench, nonetheless, directed the government to identify as many officers as it can and submit the list before it when the petition comes for next hearing on February 17.The high court also directed the Jaipur district collector, the Jaipur Development Authority commissioner and the chief conservator of forests to file affidavits on February 17 to state that the Dam's catchment area has been cleared of all the encroachments.With respect to five roads built under the NREGS in the catchment area, the high court directed the rural development department's secretary to get these removed by February 17 and file an affidavit in this respect.The court particularly mentioned that it has learnt about some encroachments existing close to the NIMS University and in a village behind this institute. If there are any encroachments there, the state government should remove them by the next date of hearing, the bench said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11707324", "title": "Minister sees red over docs' threat", "text": "PATNA: Irked over the threat by junior doctors of the government hospitals every now and then, health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey is not shy of using harsh words and saying they would not be allowed to take the patients to ransom as poor patients suffer badly and even lose their lives due to strikes.\"I will not permit the hospitals to be reduced to morgues,\" said the minister on Monday who sparked a row a couple of days back with his off the cuff remarks like 'haath kat denge' (chop off arms). Though the Junior Doctors Association deferred their strike call with effect from Monday midnight, Choubey is anything, but satisfied with the situation.While the junior doctors' body felt offended with the minister's statement, there are senior doctors who share the concern of Choubey, not his words, and stressed on responsibility and health care delivery system in the state. \"If there is breach in the impeccable faith of people due to rash and erratic behaviour, the reaction is of high degree. The arrogant behaviour of junior doctors reflects on us and we have miserably failed to take them into confidence due to our own omissions and commissions,\" said ex-president, Indian Medical Association, Dr Ajay Kumar.Hitting hard at the indifferent attitude of a section of doctors, Dr Kumar said, \"We cannot go on refusing to serve the ailing humanity on one pretext or the other. How are we then different from those hooligans in streets who put a road block to harass the common man because they did not get from the authorities what they wanted?\"Sources in the health department said that the threat of the junior doctors to go on strike for enhanced stipend was not just-ified as the government has committed to implement it from April, 2012. \"There was no justification in raising this issue as the deadline set by the government is yet to come,\" said PMCH principal N P Yadav.Eminent orthopedic surgeon Dr R N Singh said that the government should take an initiative so that the situation does not turns worse. \"There should be a permanent committee with doctors and government representatives to keep in touch with doctors' fraternity and look into their issues on regular basis.\"He said such a situation arises due to lack of communication.The strikes not only harass the patients no end, but make their attendants a worried lot who make arrangements to shift them to private nursing homes.During each strike many poor patients die due to lack of medical attention and medication.\"If the patients suffer and die due to negligence then what is the need of such doctors in hospitals,\" wondered Choubey.Dr Kumar also expressed his concern over the situation.He said, \"If we lose the faith of the people, we should be prepared to face the wrath of the people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11707281", "title": "NRI children find the going tough", "text": "HYDERABAD: Psychiatrists and psychologists have noted a peculiar adolescent problem which has gripped pockets of the city, especially Mehdipatnam and Toli Chowki areas which have a sizable non-resident Indian population.A number of teenagers whose parents have sent them back to the city from the Middle East to pursue studies here are finding it tough to adjust to the new environs with several of them suffering from depression and adjustment disorders.Counsellors here say they are getting cases of such teenagers turning irritable and hostile, with some of them even developing suicidal tendencies.Counsellors point out that estrangement from parents is the primary reason for a change in behaviour of these youngsters. Dr Minhaj Naseerabadi, consultant psychiatrist, Apollo Hospitals , Hyderguda, says more than 10% of his patients are children of NRIs.\"There is trouble when children are unable to meet the high expectations of parents,\" he says, adding that children also have copious amounts of cash at their disposal which is worrisome.Academics point out that grades of many youngsters have tumbled due to the lack of accountability and the absence of counselling at home. The cloaking of academic misdemeanours of these students by their guardians comes across as a shock to the parents.Fatima Farooqui, principal of Mount Mercy School in Toli Chowki, says, \"Many parents are oblivious of their child's poor grades. There have been many instances when parents blame each other and sometimes even the guardian for the child's poor performance in tests and examinations. Guardians cannot be strict as parents; they fail to be objective at times.\"Counsellor Mubarak Nawaz says, \"I deal with at least two cases of suicide attempts every month. While these attempts are usually made to seek attention, sometimes they can be very serious due to an emotional imbalance.\"Nawaz says that sometimes single parents too are unable to cope with the pressure of raising a child on their own and seek counselling themselves first before bringing the child to her. \"All these problems arise due to the lack of emotional bonding of the child with the primary care giver,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11708098", "title": "Businessman missing, car found", "text": "NEW DELHI:A south Delhi businessman has gone missing under mysterious circumstances since Sunday, police said. The man, identified as Pawan Tiwari (51), is a resident of Vasant Kunj Enclave and he dealt in real estate . The family has not received any ransom call, police said.Police might be clueless about Tiwari's whereabouts, however, his car has been recovered. According to police, Tiwari left home on Sunday after telling his wife that he was meeting an acquaintance at 7.30am. When he did not return till evening, his wife approached the police and a case was registered.A manhunt was launched and Tiwari's Esteem car was found in a locked condition from a taxi stand near Nangal Dewat road. The way Tiwari's car was found, it appears that he got off the car, locked it and went away to meet someone and did not return, sources said.\"We have registered a case of kidnapping or abducting under section 365 of IPC. We have put the businessman's cellphone on surveillance,\" said a cop.Personal enmity/dispute could be a strong motive behind the incident, sources said, as the businessman had reportedly taken a huge amount of loan from some people recently.When TOI contacted Tiwari's wife, she confirmed the incident. \"Tiwari had borrowed some money from people. He would often get depressed over it and said that he wished to find a way out,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11707326", "title": "High court's I-T relief for MSat", "text": "HYDERABAD: The AP high court on Tuesday stayed the moves of the Income Tax department to encash the bank guarantee worth Rs 617 crore tendered by Mahindra Satyam. Granting an interim relief to IT consulting and outsourcing firm Mahindra Satyam, the court also ordered a status quo on the assessment proceedings.Under the directions of the Supreme Court, the company deposited a bank guarantee of Rs 617 crore last April with the I-T department against its notice for the same amount from 2003-04 to 2008-09, the years for which Satyam Computers, the erstwhile owners of the company, was asked to pay tax. The bank guarantee that Mahindra Satyam subsequently furnished was valid until December 31, 2011.Earlier, when the Central Board of Direct Taxes wanted to encash the bank guarantee, Mahindra Satyam moved the Andhra Pradesh High Court requesting for relief as the date of encashing the guarantee had lapsed and that it was challenging the CDBT's fundamental claim of taxing the fraud-hit firm. The Income Tax department slapped this notice after disallowing exemptions claimed by the company.The company has received draft notices of demand for Rs 1,037 crore and Rs 1,075 crore for assessment years 2002-03 and 2007-08. Ever since payment was demanded of Satyam, the firm has been constantly engaging with the tax department saying the computation of the tax dues were made based on the fictitious revenues recorded by B Ramalinga Raju, the founder of Satyam. Satyam has been seeking return or adjustment of taxes paid on inflated income when the company was still managed by the former management.Mahindra Satyam has in several writ petitions filed before the AP High Court, challenged the re-opening of the assessment of AY 2002-03 and sought directions that fresh assessments should be carried out after removing the fictitious sales and fictitious interest.All through, the I-T department has said there is no provision in the income tax law that allows a company to understate its income and re-compute tax liability after the assessment has been completed.In August last year, the I-T firm set aside Rs 400 crore as provision for taxation anticipating a demand for payment of tax.For the quarter ended June 30, 2011, it paid taxes of Rs 42.55 crore and Rs 58 crore for 2010-11. The company also challenged in the high court the I-T department's decision to call for a special audit of accounts for 2001-07. Satyam Computer Services, which was hit by a Rs 7,000-crore fraud committed by its owner B Ramalinga Raju, was taken over by the Mahindra group in 2009 and renamed Mahindra Satyam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11706689", "title": "Youth missing from cricket match found murdered", "text": "JAIPUR: A youth who went missing from Pratap Nagar locality in Udaipur on Monday noon was found murdered at Murlia Magra area on Tuesday evening.Some passersby spotted a blood-stained body of the youth at an isolated place in Murlia Magra, and informed the police. \"The body has grave injury marks on the forehead and the neck. Prima facie, it appears that he was hit with a heavy stone,\" said an investigating officer of the case.The youth Laxmi Lal Gayeri (21) went missing on Monday during a cricket tournament of the Gayeri community in the city. While the match was on, he had received a call and was later heard telling his friends that he was going to meet someone.\"Till evening when he did not return home, his parents lodged a missing complaint at our police station,\" the officer said.Police said it was a case of murder but the reasons were yet to be ascertained.\"We have recorded the statements of the parents. They have not blamed anyone for the murder. Also, the youth was not involved in any spat nor had animosity against someone. We are studying the call details of his cellphone to find out who had called him during the cricket tournament,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11708187", "title": "India hands over $1mn humanitarian aid to Libya", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has handed over humanitarian assistance comprising life-saving medicines and medical equipment worth $1 million to the National Transitional Council of Libya in Tripoli . Earlier, the NTC had provided a list of the needed life-saving drugs to Indian government officials in Benghazi .\"It may be mentioned that Government of India had provided assistance worth US $ 1 million in cash earlier to the National Transitional Council through the United Nation's Office of Commissioner for Humanitarian Aid in New York . The Government of India has been supportive of the people of Libya and has interacted with the National Transitional Council in London, Istanbul and Paris meeting including in the United Nations ,\" said the foreign ministry in a statement.The NTC has been considering sending injured Libyan nationals for their medical treatment to India. \"Indian authorities welcome this and are looking forward to receive injured Libyan patients in India. In this regard a Libyan delegation has already visited India in December, 2011, to tie up treatment of injured Libyan patients in reputed hospitals,\" it added.The government is also arranging to send a team of Jaipur Foot to Tripoli. The team would be providing prostheses (artificial limbs) to the injured Libyans and would set up a centre in Libya and provide readymade artificial limbs to injured Libyan patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11711318", "title": "Suja Varunee\u2019s rain trick!", "text": "Here's another Kollywood actress who joins the list of artists who change their name according to numerology in the hopes of getting offers.Suja, who has acted in a handful of Tamil films, including Milaga (with cameraman-turned-actor Nutty) and Solla Solla Inikkum, and Aaptharaksha and Nagavalli in Kannada and Telugu respectively, says she will henceforth be called Suja Varunee!She says, \"Varunee, in Sanskrit, means Rain Goddess. I believe that after this name change, I will be flooded with offers that i can't refuse. In fact, stars are shining down on me now as I've signed up a couple of projects with top directors.\"She adds, \"I will be seen opposite Shanthnoo in K S Adhiyaman's Amali Thumali. I'm also doing the solo lead in his next venture, Thappu Thaalangal. It's a performance-oriented role and I'm excited about starting work on it soon. I also have Vettriveeran's Kadhal Theevu and a couple more offers in Telugu and Kannada.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11711041", "title": "Kollywood comes to a standstill", "text": "Both the warring factions in Kollywood are expecting the government to step in to sort out the wage issue.An uneasy stalemate continues in the tussle between the Tamil Film Producers' Council (TFPC) and the Film Employees' Federation of South India (FEFSI) over a proposed wage hike for daily workers. While the shoots of most films have been cancelled for the last 10 days, G Shiva, general secretary - FEFSI, said that the association has actually not called for a strike. \"In fact, we got requests from the production managers of a couple of films and we clearly mentioned that since there has been no strike declared they could go ahead with their shoots.\" He also added that FEFSI members will be meeting soon to decide the date and venue for their proposed one-day fast. Families of the members of the 23 unions that form FEFSI will also take part in this fast, protesting against the producers' stand.T Siva, vice president, Tamil Film Producers' Council (TFPC), said that though the situation could not be termed as a strike, FEFSI members had failed to turn up for shoots for the past 10 days and filming of over 20 projects has been hurt. The TFPC had placed a request to the chief minister to intervene on this issue and it looks like the government will step in by appointing an arbitrator to sort out the issue.However, the producers haven't discussed the recent announcement made by the Tamil Nadu Film Directors' Association, who had come out with their own proposal for a wage hike for directors, their associates and assistants. \"We are treating it as their internal issue. However, we are confident that the government will appoint an official to arbitrate on all these issues,\" he said.MEANWHILE... Director Bharathiraja, who chose to defy FEFSI and shoot his Annakodiyum Kodiveeranum in Theni with workers who had agreed to the terms of the film's producer, is said to have packed up after barely a week of shoot. While the official explanation given is that it is because the unit had completed the planned schedule, a source in the film's unit said, \"The next schedule has not been decided yet. It depends on the availability of the artists' dates.\" Industry insiders allege that the director was forced to stop shooting because one of the film's actors, director Ameer, batting for FEFSI, had refused to come and shoot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11706767", "title": "Newlyweds, youth abusing desi Viagra", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Fifteen days after Mohit Sheth, an IT engineer, got married, he started suffering debilitating headaches. Initially, he ignored them and tried to pop pills to cure his headache but later consulted a physician who started him on migraine medication. Even after treatment, as his health failed to show any improvement, he was referred to a psychiatrist. Detailed history revealed that Sheth had started taking two pills of sildenafil citrate, the active compound in the much-hyped erectile dysfunction pill Viagra, desi versions of which are easily available in the local market, even without the mandatory prescription.\"It was only after I specifically asked if he was on some drugs that the engineer confessed that his friends had advised him to take two desi viagras on his honeymoon to make an impression on his new bride. He was taking two of these daily, every night. He had no knowledge that one of the most common side-effects of sildenafil citrate was throbbing headaches which grew worse due to daily consumption\", said psychiatrist Dr Hansal Bhachech.Doctors say that there are youths who consume as much as four sildenafil citrate pills in 24 hours without realizing that it can cause severe headaches, dizziness, visual disturbances and even cardiac arrest.Dr Bhachech, who was involved in clinical trials testing desi versions of Viagra when it was launched a decade ago, says that while initially men in their 40's and 50's used to abuse the drug to enhance their performance, a sizeable population of youngsters are now prone to abusing it, especially in the initial period of their marriage to enhance performance.Sexologist Dr Paras Shah says abuse of sildenafil citrate and other libido-enhancing drugs might be as high as 25 per cent among the youth in their 20s. \"This is primarily because of a general belief that the pill can help a man deliver impressive performances in bed,\" says Dr Shah.Psychiatrist Dr Mrugesh Vaishnav says that this belief cannot be far from truth as he routinely gets cases of youth suffering from mental impotency owing to lack of performance even after consuming the over-hyped pills.A case in point is a 30-year-old software engineer who turned suicidal days after his marriage after he failed to perform despite taking such pills in a span of three hours! \"He was under severe performance stress on his wedding night. When he failed, it took a mental toll. Then he popped as much as four desi viagras in 24 hours and again failed to impress, he got suicidal thinking his married life was finished even before it took off,\" says Dr Vaishnav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11708066", "title": "Teen who beat baby was forced into sex trade", "text": "NEW DELHI: The teenaged girl accused of battering a two-year-old baby who is fighting for her life in hospital, was herself a victim of serial sexual abuse, according to revelations made by the 14-year-old on Tuesday that added a new twist to the sordid tale.The girl said she was pushed into sex trade by a neighbour called Pooja and had been abused by four persons. Dilshad alias Rajkumar, with whom she had been staying, was also involved in the sex racket, she alleged. Her father too had earlier accused members of a sex racket of having kidnapped her daughter.In another shocking revelation made to a social worker after counseling, the girl alleged that her father too was abusive towards her. The Sangam Vihar police had done precious little to trace the girl after she went missing on May 26.According to police sources, the teenager was sent on a weekly contract to different places to entertain customers. The girl was produced before the Child Welfare Committee on Tuesday, which ordered the police to register a case against all persons named, including her father who is a murder convict.The national child rights body ( NCPCR) has asked the crime branch to investigate the matter of the juvenile who brought the two-year-old baby to the hospital and submit a report while the Sangam Vihar police have been director to register a case.According to sources, the girl's father was in jail for eight years for the murder of her aunt's son. During the period when he was out on bail, the girl alleged he was very abusive. He would beat her and her mother with a belt and sticks every day. After her mother died, her father sent her to a hostel in Daryaganj.\"The child also said during the admission, her father lied to the hostel authorities that he was his uncle and that her parents had died. The child demanded that action should be taken against him. She held him responsible for her plight,\" said the source.The girl said she was even taken to Etah in Uttar Pradesh by her neighbour Pooja. There, Pooja's husband Sandeep raped her repeatedly for three days. She said clients would visit Pooja's house and abuse her. Whatever money the clients offered was snatched away by this woman. Sources claimed all persons named by the teenager were distant relatives of each other.According to the teenager, she was sent on a one-week contract to Munirka at woman's house in August last year. She was sent to different place to entertain customers and Dilshad alias Rajkumar would drop her to these places in his taxis.The detailed counseling report submitted by the social worker of the juvenile home, where she is staying, stated that the earlier the child did not give truthful statement because of fear and shame.The CWC has ordered that the girl will continue to stay in the juvenile institution as she has refused to go with her father.\"Since she has been subjected to sexual abuse and prostitution, child may be got tested for sexually transmitted infection, HIV and pregnancy test from a reputed hospital as per the medical protocol. Further, the child should be provided pre-test counseling by a trained counselor,\" the order says.The police, meanwhile, said they were investigating the role of Munni who they now believe could be the real mother of the two-yearold baby whom the teenager had brought to AIIMS on January 18 in a critical condition.The CBI forensic team, meanwhile, visited the Mahipalpur guesthouse on Monday and collected blood stains for examination to ascertain how the child got hurt. The report will soon be sent to the police, confirmed CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "11706699", "title": "No differences within BJP, says Advani", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Veteran BJP leader and MP from Gandhinagar, L K Advani on Tuesday asserted that there was no difference of opinion within the party over campaigning in Uttar Pradesh. Advani, who chaired a district-level rural development departmental review meeting of vigilance and monitoring committee at the circuit house here said the Gujarat chief minister will campaign in UP at his convenience. He could not meet Modi during his two-hour visit as the chief minister was busy with his Sadbhavana fast.\"There are no differences within the party with regard to the election campaign in Uttar Pradesh. Everybody is going (there) as per own convenience,\" Advani said, when asked whether there were any issues because of which Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi was not campaigning in the key northern state.\"We have many campaigners. And we are optimistic about it (campaign),\" Advani said. He said he himself would be campaigning in Uttar Pradesh from February 4.Advani also opposed the religion-based reservations proposed by the UPA government. \"Religion-based reservation is against the Constitution and had been formally rejected by the constituent assembly,\" he said.Modi skipped campaigning for the party in Punjab and Uttarakhand, where the elections were held yesterday. He is reportedly not happy with the party over re-induction of his arch rival, Sanjay Joshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11708165", "title": "Prohibition order clamped in city", "text": "INDORE: The district administration on Tuesday has banned rallies, dharnas and processions under Section 144. The order will be effective from February 1 to March 30. During the period the processions, rallies and dharnas would be taken only with the permission of the concerned authorities.According to the order issued by the additional district magistrate, Alok Kumar Singh, apart from processions and rallies, the marriage processions too would not be allowed on MG road, Jawahar Marg, RNT Marg, Rajwada area and AB Road. While on other roads, the marriage processions would be allowed only under certain conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11705604", "title": "CMO pulled up for accepting summons without authority", "text": "PUNE: The justice (retd) M G Gaikwad committee conducting the inquiry into the Maval firing case on Tuesday pulled up Talegaon rural hospital chief medical officer (CMO) Murlidhar Shamrao Ukhande for accepting summons on behalf of five doctors when he clearly did not have the authority to do so.Gaikwad was angry when it came to his notice that Ukhande had also accepted summons for one of his colleagues, Amit Patil, who does not work at the hospital anymore. The committee intends to examine Patil, but his new address is not known to the hospital and, hence, he could not be summoned for recording evidence.He asked Ukhande, \"Why did you accept the summons? If you have accepted the summons, then produce Patil before me or provide his new address.\"He continued, \"I had asked you to furnish Patil's address at the time of filing documents. You do not understand the gravity of the inquiry. Is this 'porkhel' (child's play)?\"Ukhande replied that he had contacted the hospital medical superintendent on the phone and he had authorised him to accept the summons of the doctors.However, Ukhande's reply did not please Gaikwad, who said, \"Is this the business you are doing in the hospital? If you would have not accepted the summons, I would have directed the police to trace Patil.\"\"Are you the owner of the hospital? Those present in the hospital should have accepted the summons. Why have you accepted it on others' behalf?\" Gaikwad asked.Meanwhile, lawyer Sushilkumar Pise, representing the Maval farmers, examined Ukhande, consultant orthopaedic surgeon of Aditya Birla Memorial Hospital at Chinchwad Sambhaji Shinde and CMO of the Talegaon rural hospital Umakant Kokane.Ukhande had given initial treatment to injured victims Navnath Garade, Kalu Raut and Tukaram Dalvi and had advised them to get admitted to the hospital for further treatment.Raut had received a bullet injury on his right arm posterior end, Garade had sustained injury on his great toe and left knee, while Dalvi had received a bullet injury on his right shoulder.Shinde's evidence was recorded as he had performed surgery on the injured victims Amit Dalvi, Shivaji Varve, Vishal Raut and Yogesh Tupe in the alleged firing. Shinde had removed two plastic bullets from the body of Dalvi and Tupe.Lawyers Sureshchandra Bhosale and Chinmay Bhosale, representing the Pune rural police, cross-examined the witnesses and brought on record that there were discrepancies of bullet injuries in the case papers and injury certificates of the victims. It was also brought on record that no gun powder and lead was found when the victims were examined for bullet injuries.The committee counsel Sadanand Deshmukh and former district government pleader Dnyandeo Dashrath Shinde representing the state government also cross examined the witnesses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11709532", "title": "Acid attack on woman", "text": "A woman of 22 sustained burns after a man threw acid on her at the Goregaon railway station on Tuesday. The victim, a resident of Nalasopara and employed at a firm in Goregaon, was admitted to a private hospital, the GRP said. The incident took place at 7.45 pm outside the ticket booking office near platform 1. \"She was headed home.She had reached the CVM to punch tickets for her journey when a stranger walked towards her and threw acid at her. He fled before passersby could nab him,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11706633", "title": "Injured camel kept city cops busy", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Navrangpura police officials were stumped on Tuesday when they were presented with a four-legged problem. An organization working for animal rights accused a man of cruelty against animals when they found an injured camel whereas the man claimed the camel to be his property. Police finally settled the dispute with help from both the parties.According to Navrangpura police officials, Bilal Husain Qureshi, a resident of Muslim Society in Navrangpura, found an injured camel from near the old RBI building on Ashram Road a fortnight back. When he could not trace its owner, he got the animal home and started amateur treatment of the camel's wounds. However, it aggravated the problems of the camel and it started bleeding from its nose and lips.\"The animal caught attention of members of an animal rights organization who were shocked to see its anguish. When they got to know that Qureshi does not own the camel, they asked him to hand the camel over for treatment. When he refused to cooperate, the matter reached to the police station. Later, Qureshi confessed that it was his mistake and offered to provide the camel with proper treatment. He also assured us of returning the camel when we find the original owner,\" said P M Sarvaiya, inspector of Navrangpura police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11706785", "title": "Ex-diplomat A K Damodaran dies at 90", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ambassador A K Damodaran, one of the doyens of Indian diplomacy and a freedom fighter, passed away in the national Capital on Tuesday. He was 90.Ambassador Damodaran, an IFS officer of the 1953 batch, is survived by his son Ramu Damodaran. Ramu, who left the Indian Foreign Service to join the United Nations , is posted in New York .One of the towering personalities of free India's diplomatic community, Damodaran held several key posts around the world. He was one of the architects of the 1971 Indo-Soviet Treaty. He also served in Sri Lanka and China, and was India's envoy to Italy and Sweden .A committed Nehruvite, Damodaran was one of those Indian diplomats, who was trained along side their Pakistani counterparts at the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy in Boston before taking up full-fledged diplomatic postings.He worked on the Nehru papers after retirement, and was also a keen China observer. He is widely published, and among others was the editor of one of the selected works of Nehru.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11706632", "title": "Traders, industry urge govt to reduce tax rates", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government has initiated the pre-budget meetings, with chief minister Ashok Gehlot holding a meeting of the Tax Advisory Committee on Tuesday. The representatives of the trade and industry pushed for tax exemptions and better infrastructure including uninterrupted power and water supply at the meeting.Dr K L Jain, honorary general secretary of the Rajasthan Chambers of Commerce said that the revenue generation will increase by many folds for the state government if the tax rates are reduced. \"While the tax rates imposed on few goods are low, those on other things including machines are high,'' he said. He was of the opinion that the state government should continue with the benefits and facilities provided to the traders and industry sector.According to Rajasthan Khadya Padarth Vyapar Sangh, the state should be declared a mustard-producing state as it has an yearly production of 25 lakh tonnes of mustard. \"Presently, the mustard produced here is all sent to Haryana but if the value-addition industries are promoted in the state, it would not only help the farmers, but also the traders and increase revenue-generation,'' said Babulal Gupta, president of the organisation.According to sources, the representatives from the industry demanded better infrastructure, raking up issues of frequent power cuts and the water crisis in the state. \"While power rates have been hiked, little has been done for ensuring uninterrupted power supply for the industry. This has had a bad impact on the smaller industry in the state,'' said one of the representatives.The meeting, which was attended by senior officials of the industry department and industry minister Rajendra Pareek, was held at the secretariat. Assuring the state government's support in every possible manner, chief minister Ashok Gehlot, who presided over the meeting, said that 23% increase has been registered in the tax revenue of the state over the last three years.He attributed the increase to improvement in taxation and simplification in the taxation process, introduced by his government. Gehlot said a relief of Rs 300 crore was provided through VAT exemption on various commodities in 2011-12. Gehlot said traders of the state are ahead in accepting e-payment system.He said more than Rs 7,500 crore tax was collected through the system. He recollected that per litre 54 paisa subsidy was provided by the government on the increased rate of diesel, thus providing relief worth Rs 250 crore to the public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11708578", "title": "IAF trainer aircraft crashes into lake on city\u2019s outskirts, pilot injured", "text": "CHENNAI: An Indian Air Force trainer jet crashed into a lake at Iyyancherry in Urapakkam, 30km south of Chennai, at 10.30am on Tuesday. One of the two airmen in the Kiran HJT-16 aircraft was injured in the incident.There were no casualties on the ground as the pilots had guided the jet towards the lake before ejecting to safety, air force officials said.The officials said Wing Commander C G Deepak suffered severe injuries to the legs when his parachute got caught in a tree. He was taken to hospital and the doctors said his condition was stable.His co-pilot, Squadron Leader K P Singh, landed safely in the Narmada Nagar area despite brushing against an electric wire.Singh and Deepak radioed the air force station and sounded an emergency shortly before the crash, IAF officials said.The commander of the Tambaram Air Force Station, from where the aircraft took off, Srikumar Prabhakar, was not available for comment. IAF officials said the reason for the crash would be known only after a court of inquiry looked into the incident.Eyewitnesses said the aircraft appeared to be wobbling as it came down.Deepak was injured when he fell on a compound wall in the backyard of a house in the area after his parachute got caught in a mango tree.Software engineer Ravi Prakash, in whose house Deepak landed, said he gave the pilot water to drink. \"He was injured from the waist down. He could not stand up,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11707189", "title": "Private hospitals live off Arogyasri", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government's initiative to divert Arogyasri cases from private to the public sector hospitals has turned out to be an exercise in futility. Even after reserving 133 routinely performed procedures for the public sector, six months later, the government and the hospitals do not have much to cheer about.About 73 per cent of the community health insurance scheme's annual budget is still being pocketed by the private sector. This is because the state government failed to equip the state-run hospitals to handle Arogyasri cases as promised.Incidentally, a sum of Rs 65 crores was released to buy infrastructure for these government hospitals but has remained unused over the last two years. It was in August 2010, when the state government had issued a GO sanctioning the amount from CM's relief fund to improve the infrastructure in 17 teaching hospitals and 24 area and district hospitals.The equipment was supposed to be in place in three months. But nearly two years later, the equipment has not yet reached any of the hospitals.Sources say that the AP Health Medical Housing and Infrastructure Development Corporation (APHMHIDC) goofed up in the tender process that ultimately led to the inordinate delay. They say that the earlier tenders stipulated that there should be only one supplier for all the 1,900 items.\"It is nearly impossible for a supplier to provide and maintain all the 1,900 items. Due to this, tenders were called thrice and the corporation failed to garner any response,\" says a source. Hence, the funds have been lying with AP Health Medical Housing and Infrastructure Development Corporation (APHMHIDC) for the last two years. Ever since the launch of the scheme, the state government has been assuring that it is working towards augmenting the share of government hospitals under Arogyasri to 40 per cent.However, with no improvement in the infrastructure, the current share of government hospitals is a meager 27 per cent, but officials at the Arogyasri Trust point out that this share has in fact improved from the earlier 18 per cent after the 133 procedures were taken away from private hospitals.Experts said that overall, there has not been much change in the percentage of procedures both reserved and not reserved in government hospitals. They attributed the state of affairs to vacant posts, poor infrastructure and non-availability of specialists, especially anesthetists.When contacted, N Srikant, CEO, Arogyasri Trust who has also been given additional charge as MD of APHMHIDC says that the corporation is set to open tenders in the last week of February.The official said that in the earlier attempts, the corporation failed to get a response from the suppliers. \"This time, we have split the packages to get a response from suppliers,\" says the official. He added that it will take two to three months after the tenders are opened to supply the equipment to the hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11707937", "title": "More than 400 leprosy cases last year", "text": "KANPUR: Contrary to the claims of health department of 100% eradication of leprosy in the district, the records of the government and private hospitals show that the prevalence rate has shot up to more than 400 new cases last year.According to the recent report prepared by Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Medical College, more than 50 kids suffering from leprosy were reported in 2011. This had set the alarm bells ringing for the health fraternity which claimed to attain .73 per cent prevalence rate for leprosy.India's National Health Policy-2002 had set the goal of elimination of leprosy (reduce the number of cases to less than 1/10,000 population) by the year 2005. This has happened after the country reported the second position in the new leprosy patients. However, India achieved this goal in December 2005, when the recorded prevalence rate (PR) in the country was 0.95/10,000 population.After several educational programmes and medical campaigns, the leprosy rate was controlled in the state as well as in the district in 2005. This success continued in district health survey-2011, where the leprosy rate was reported as .73 per cent (not even one case in per 10,000 patients).As per the recent data provided by the skin and venereal diseases faculty of medical college, more than 1,000 cases of leprosy came to the OPD of Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital in 2011. The number of new leprosy cases was 310. The worse part is that more then 50 kids were reported to be suffering from leprosy in which the youngest was just five years old.Talking to TOI, Dr SK Arora, skin and venereal diseases specialist of LLR said that as per the OPD reports, more than 25 new cases of leprosy came to light. He added that leprosy in kids is considered as endemic.\"I do not agree that leprosy had been controlled, but it can be with better efforts. Even cases of leprosy in previous years were less as compared to 2010-11 it can be due to less number of educational and medical campaigns,\" he added.It is important to mention that more than 400 new leprosy cases were reported in only LLR and UHM hospitals. However, the data of KPM Hospital and more than 15 CHCs and PHCs was not provided by the authorities concerned.Over more than 120 private hospitals and nursing homes were not included in the leprosy prevalence report prepared by the district health authorities. In all, more than 400 cases were reported in the district hospitals in 2011.The experts also informed that more than 60 percent of new cases were reported in advance stage.\"Usually, when the active surveillance is followed, the proportion of paucibacillary (PB) leprosy cases is expected to be 90 per cent or more and the multibacillary (MB) or advanced cases of leprosy cases could be less than 10 per cent. Delayed detection could be the major cause of this drastic shift from PB to MB.\" informed an official of district leprosy department.The official informed that with continued anti-leprosy activities, it was expected that people would come forward to report the disease on their own. \"However, it appears that the health machinery has become complacent and case detection as well as treatment has been ignored. This led to accumulation of cases,\" he added.District leprosy officer (DLO), Dr AP Chaturvedi also claimed to have .73 per cent leprosy prevalence rate in the district. When TOI gave the reference of the recent data of medical college and UHM hospital Dr Chaturvedi informed that even after certain number of new leprosy cases, the prevalence rate in the district will be under 1 as the total population of the district is 45,00,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11708253", "title": "Terror threat to Islamabad: Cop", "text": "A terrorist group has plans to carry out a rocket attack on the Pakistani capital, similar to the one at Abbottabad, a top police official has said.Islamabad police chief Bin Yamin Khan said the city was facing the threat of an attack like the one on the Pakistan Military Academy on January 27 but comprehensive security measures had been put in place to counter such an assault.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11712793", "title": "Social media burnout visible amid youth in urban India", "text": "PUNE: Youngsters in urban India have started experiencing social-media fatigue as they tend to log onto social networks less frequently than earlier when they had initially signed up, according to a recently concluded survey carried out by apex industry body ASSOCHAM.The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (ASSOCHAM) conducted a survey under the aegis of ASSOCHAM Social Development Foundation (ASDF) to examine current usage trends vis-a-vis social networks among youngsters and time spent on these websites.ASSOCHAM representatives interacted with about 2,000 youngsters (equal number of male and female) in the age group of 12 years to 25 years at urban centres of Ahmedabad, Bangalore, Chandigarh, Chennai, Delhi-NCR, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Lucknow, Mumbai and Pune during the months of October 2011 to December 2011.\"Tech overload is apparent among youth and their fixation with social media seems to be eroding as they have started focusing on more important things than grooming their digital identities,\" said D S Rawat, secretary general of ASSOCHAM in a statement issued here.About 55% of all the respondents across these cities said they have consciously reduced the time spent on social media websites and are no longer as active and enthusiastic about their favorite social networks as when they had signed up.Nearly 30% of these said they have deactivated or deleted their accounts and profiles from these websites and it is no longer a craze among them.While most of the remaining said they have started maintaining a low profile on social networks as their privacy is being breached and peep in their profiles once in a blue moon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "moscow", "code": "11708269", "title": "Newsreader 'buries' Putin in TV gaffe", "text": "Moscow: A slip of the tongue has earned a Russian newsreader celebrity status on the internet, after she mistakenly said that blogosphere was debating if PM Vladimir Putin should be \"buried\" .Maria Bukhtuyeva, a newsreader from Krasnoyarsk , took the name of Putin instead of Vladimir Lenin, leader of 1917 Russian revolution, while debating a proposed referendum by Russian presidential hopeful Mikhail Prokhorov.Prokhorov had proposed holding a referendum on removal of Vladimir Lenin's body from Red Square Mausoleum where it is preserved since his death in 1924, and bury it.\"Shall we bury Vladimir Putin?\" Bukhtuyeva of Krasnoyarsk's TVK television channel said on air last week.Her remarks created quite a sensation in Russian blogosphere as thousands of commentators showered her page on social website Vkontakte with various posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "11707902", "title": "Poll pitch intensifies in rural Koraput", "text": "KORAPUT: Electioneering for the three-tier panchayat polls has reached a fever pitch with political parties organizing public meetings, rallies and campaigning door-to-door in rural areas of the district. Also, the blame game between the Congress and the BJD has intensified with both the parties trading charges against each other for the plight of the rural people and unfulfilled promises.\"It's the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre that is funding the entire welfare programme like education, health and rural connectivity in villages. People in rural areas are sufferings because of the inefficiency of the state government,\" said former Koraput MLA Tara Prasad Bahinipati while addressing a public meeting for Congress candidate at Borigumma recently.Bahinipati who is spearheading the national party's campaign in the district said, \"While the Centre is giving crore of rupees under National Rural Health Mission, Sarva Sikhya Abhijan, National Rural Employment Act and Pradhan Mantri Gramya Sadak Yojana, the state government fails to utilize the fund. BJD ministers are neck-deep in corruption and don't think about the development of the state.\"On the other hand, the BJD that is banking solely on the image and governance of chief minister Naveen Patnaik to woo the tribal voters has held the Congress responsible for the plight of people in Odisha. \"The Congress had left the state bankrupt. It is the leadership of Naveen Patnaik that has initiated various welfare programmes for the uplift of tribals and farmers in the state,\" said Koraput MP Jayaram Pangi.Being optimistic of a clear majority to form the zilla parishad in Koraput, district congress committee president Meenakshi Bahinipati said, \"People have realized how they have suffered at the hands of BJD in the past five years. Development activities have taken a beating in the district. While common man suffers, only BJD activists have benefitted from all government programmes in the past five years in the district.\"According to political observers, there will be a close contest between Congress and BJD in all 29 zilla parishad seats of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11711695", "title": "Agneepath holds in India and overseas", "text": "Agneepath continues to hold at the box office. This Republic day released that broke the opening day records with an approximate 23-24 cr; fell on Friday.However it recovered its' feet on the weekend and has had decent collections from Sunday onwards. It has collected approximately16.50 cr on January 29; 7.50 cr on January 30; 6.90 cr on January 31 and now the final tallyFrom Thursday to Tuesday stands at approximately 78 cr indicate sources.Says trade analyst Amod Mehra, The film has got solid support from the single screens especially in Maharashtra and central India. Though collections have dropped at ubran multiplexes, the singleScreen has loved this film.''According to Eros International, the overseas distributors of Agneepath, the film has got good collections in the United Kingdom .Their press note says that in itsopening weekend, the film has shown collections of around 16 cr.Agneepath released internationally on 337 screens, the highest ever for any Hrithik Roshan film.Agneepath grossed \u00a3347,000 in UK in its first weekend (4 days). This is the highest opening weekendcollections for any '15' rated Indian film. Agneepath is also ranked No 10 on UK Top 10 Box Office.In the United States , the four day first weekend collections are US$ 1.3 million, reflecting a healthy averageof $10,000 plus per theatre. In UAE too, Agneepath has grossed over US$ 800,000 in four days, indicatingthe enormous support consumers have shown for this film. Other strong performing territories are Australia,Pakistan, Singapore, South Africa , Mauritius and Kenya .Pranab Kapadia, President - Marketing &amp; Distribution -Eros International plc said, \"Agneepath has done extremely well in all the overseas markets making it the firstblockbuster of the New Year.\"Producer Karan Johar added, \"All of us at Dharma are ecstatic at the historic opening day collections. It trulyis the director Karan Malhotra's vision that has made it all possible. ''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11707594", "title": "Four held for grabbing land as case reopens", "text": "MADURAI: Police have arrested four persons and launched a hunt for the son of a granite baron in a case of land grabbing in Madurai on Tuesday.The seven-year-old land-grab case given a silent burial was reopened by the police after the petitioner knocked the doors of the high court.In fact, the documents pertaining to the land-grab case lodged in 2004 had gone missing mysteriously following which Madurai Rural SP Asra Garg submitted in the court that the case could be reopened for fresh investigation.V Andi (48), a resident of Melur South Street, and his sister Sumathi (26) along with their mother Janaki had prepared fake documents for the two-acre stretch of their family property at Poolampatti on the outskirts of the city in 2004.Though Janaki along with four of her siblings were enjoying the land, the patta was still in the name of Veerammal, their great grandmother.Janaki had substituted her photograph in the place of Veerammal and posing as the deceased owner handed over the power of attorney of the land to Muthukumar, an associate of P Suresh Kumar, son of P Palanichamy, chairman of PRP Granites. Muthukumar in turn sold the land to Suresh Kumar in 2004 itself.Janaki had also obtained a ration card in the name of Veeraammal who died decades back.\"Though it appears that Andi, Sumathi and Janaki were the culprits who forged the documents, we suspect Suresh Kumar was the brain behind these illegal activities,'' said a police officer.Two brokers P Pandian and P PRabhu acted as middlemen in the transaction.Soon after learning of the dubious sale of their family property, V Rajan, brother of Janaki lodged a complaint in Othakadai police station.But the police failed to probe the complaint thoroughly and gave the case a burial.However, soon after the state enacted the Anti-land grab act and started cracking the whip on the offenders, Rajan approached the high court for a fresh investigation.The high court in turn sought a report from the police.Garg who went through the case details found that there was something fishy in the deal, and submitted in the court that the case was fit for reopening in December last year, following which the court ordered a fresh probe.While Andi, Muthukumar, Pandian and Prabhu have been arrested and remanded in custody, the police have launched a hunt for Suresh, the son of the granite baron.toimadurai@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11708768", "title": "KSU wins CET after 25 years", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: For the first time in a span of 25 years, SFI lost out in a college union election at College of Engineering and Technology(CET) and that too by a heart-wrenching margin.Out of the 20 seats, KSU swept 17 seats.T P Shamil,final year civil engineering student, has been elected as the college union chairman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11706545", "title": "BJP suspense on 55 seats continues", "text": "NAGPUR: Facing threats of rebellions and also the demand for two seats from alliance party RPI (A), Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has maintained the suspense on the remaining 55 seats, but reportedly distributed A and B forms to 20 candidates. Former mayor Kalpana Pandey, senior corporators Prakash Totwani and Chaya Gade have reportedly been dropped this time.Meanwhile, the third party in the mega alliance - Shiv Sena - has become the first major political party to declare and distribute A and B forms at a time. District chief Shekhar Sawarbandhe declared the list of 18 candidates on Sunday night and also distributed the A and B forms the same night.All the candidates also submitted nomination forms along with A and B forms on Monday. Some rebels too have submitted forms, including city chief Mangesh Kashikar. It will be interesting to see whether the party manages to convince them to withdraw the nominations by February 3. If they fail to do so, official BJP candidates will have to face strong competition from their alliance partners.Meanwhile, RPI (A) continues to hope for two more seats in spite of declaration of candidates by Shiv Sena.BJP had declared 67 candidates from its 122 seats and all have submitted nomination forms. Despite suspense on 55 seats, BJP has reportedly distributed A and B forms to 20 persons. The other aspirants were asked to file nomination forms since Tuesday was the last date. BJP will declare the 55 nominations on Wednesday or Thursday and distribute the B forms before February 3, the last date for withdrawal.BJP has finalized seats in some controversial wards. Active BJP worker Devendra Dasture has been given ticket from Medical ward instead of Kalpana Pandey, who wanted to contest from general seat.Assuring Totwani of co-opt membership, Girish Deshmukh has been given B form from Khamla ward along with Pallavi Shamkule, daughter-in-law of Chandrapur MLA Nana Shamkule. The party has considered one of two requests of Shamkule, who was also asking for a seat for his son from Gopal Nagar ward. Shamkule is also corporator from adjacent Takli Sim.Another senior corporator Chaya Gade too suffered a setback as the party has reportedly finalized Neelima Bhavane from RPTS ward, who will fight along with Gopal Bohare. Senior leader Dayashankar Tiwari and Hitesh Joshi were also finalized.Meanwhile, rebellions in BJP are on the rise. Some 13 BJP leaders from Lakadganj protested against decision to field corporator Narendra Borkar from the ward and decided to resign from the party. In a press conference, they announced they would field Manoj Chaple and Roshini Satwane against Borkar. Another leader from Gandhibagh, Asha Deshmukh too has decided to contest against mayor Archana Dehankar.BOXLatest BJP candidatesNarendra Nagar Avinash Thakre, Medical Devendra Dasture, Khamla Girish Deshmukh &amp; Pallavi Shamkule, Airport Snehal Ghotmare and Mandha Bhusari, Hiwri Nagar Hitesh Joshi and Kanta Larokar, Naik Nagar Prabhu Arkel &amp; Bharati Bondhe, Gopal Nagar Pramod Thabhane and Vidya Ugle, RPTS Neelima Bhavane, Mahendra Nagar Lala Qureshi, Gandhisagar Sunil Shriwas, Pardi Pandurang Meher &amp; Manda Lende, Gandhibagh Dayashankar Tiwari &amp; Vidya Kanhere, Mahatma Gandhi Rajesh Ghodpage(BJP yet to declare nominations officially)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11706505", "title": "Building collapse: Survivors thank their stars for making it out alive", "text": "NAGPUR: Sarita focused her doe-eyes on her neighbours asking them to take her to her parents. What this ten-year-old girl doesn't know is that her mother is still somewhere under the debris of the warehouse that came crashing down on Monday and her father is out looking for her. All she can do is cry herself to sleep in the memory of a home she would always associate with tragedy.\"At least she is able to speak and cry now. Last night, she was too scared to do either. Since morning, she is trying to run out of the room,\" said a patient in the same ward as Sarita. One of the neighbours who is looking after the little girl believed she may have seen a slab or wall fall on her mother.Even as Sarita awaits a lifetime of unanswered questions, others who were injured during the same accident got some answers after surviving the death scare. They include Pawan Wanjari, a daily wager. After being trapped under the rubble with seven others, he acted quickly to escape. \"After surfacing on the ground, all I could think of was saving others who were still trapped. I am glad I could help save a couple of others, too,\" he said beaming with pride. Those few moments when death seemed certain gave him insights he never had in all his life, especially about the fragility of human life.This realization would also have dawned upon CWC worker Jeevan Korse, who was about to leave when suddenly chaos ruled all around. \"It was like an earthquake that grips unsuspectingly. At least, we were lucky to escape death. Several workers were not so. Even if they had survived the crash, breathing in the leaking refrigeration gases would have killed them anyway,\" he said. Saying it was almost a rebirth for him, he was happy that his family did not lose its breadwinner.Sixteen-year-old Sarju Pandhare would always look back at the first day of his job with dread. She was among the four labourers who were weighed down by a beam for almost two hours before rescue workers got to them. The teenager from Seoni had come to the city with her father Jagdishprasad the same morning. Hardly had she settled in her corner of the quarters on the ground floor that everything went wrong.Jagdishprasad, who was out on a walk at the time, went looking for her daughter immediately. \"When I saw that her whole body was under rubble with only face visible, my blood froze,\" he recalled. Similar was the condition of construction worker Chainlal Patle, who shared Sarju's condition at that moment. \"I had lost all hope of coming out alive. Still, I kept screaming for help. When it came, it almost felt like divine intervention,\" he said.One of those responsible for this intervention, NMC tipper driver, Sanjay Gorade, found himself on a hospital bed the morning after. The vehicle he was driving had touched the overhead electric wires. Despite feeling the current go through his body, Gorade jumped from a height of more than 30 feet and sustained a fractured ankle. \"This is part of my job. I am just happy to have been able to save a few people when I could,\" he said nonchalantly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11706634", "title": "Railway employee siphons off Rs 5.59 lakh", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A Western Railways employee is named in siphoning off Rs 5.59 lakh in a period of eight months from Ahmedabad office. A complaint in this regard has been filed with Government Railway Police (GRP) officials on Tuesday.According to GRP officials, they received a complaint from administration branch of Western Railway against Hitendragiri Goswami, a senior clerk in accounts department. As per the complaint, Goswami was handling payment of the monthly salaries at Ahmedabad office.\"He got retired recently and a new employee took over. When officials tallied the books, they got to know that five employees did not exist on the rolls. However, their salaries were duly credited by Goswami. Upon investigation, the officials got to know that he had created these employees and drew their salaries himself. The amount siphoned by him is Rs 5.59 lakh between April and November 2011. Further investigation is on to know whether there are more such accounts,\" said P P Pirojiya, inspector of GRP, Kalupur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11708087", "title": "Govt to review rights commission report on farmer suicides", "text": "BHOPAL: When he drank a can of pesticide in desperation and died, young farmer Bhawandas Patel of Damoh possibly could not have imagined that he would be the last straw on the proverbial camel's back, for the government. But Patel's suicide two days ago has hopefully moved the Madhya Pradesh government into reviewing recommendations of the Madhya Pradesh Human Rights Commission (MPHRC) for stopping more farmers in the state from taking the extreme step.In its report the commission had starkly underlined why around 4000 farmers in state had killed themselves in just the last few years. It had even described how and why many farmers were actually left with no option but to commit suicide. The report was categoric that corruption in government-run welfare schemes, and not just the usual bane of indebtedness, was one of the major reasons for so many farmers ending life in MP ; besides crop failure due to spurious fertilisers, sub-standard seeds and undue pressure from loan sharks.The report, submitted to the state government earlier this year, had been gathering dust at the secretariat. However, state Agriculture Minister Ramkrishna Kusmaria said on Tuesday that the government will consider it seriously.Talking to media persons after the cabinet meeting, the Minister said \"The MPHRC report on farmers' suicide is now being looked into. The agriculture department would identify steps for checking such incidents in consultation with other concerned departments. The recommendations would be put up to the chief minister,'' he said, adding Bhawandas Patel's suicide is being examined.Sources said the MPHRC recommendations would be categorised and issues that could be addressed by other departments would be sent to them. The rest would be marked for the cabinet or to the central.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11707509", "title": "Elderly struggle to avail pension benefits", "text": "COIMBATORE: Although 75-year-old Rukumani had submitted petitions to the collector several times stating that she is yet to receive her old age pension, she is still waiting to receive it. She is just one among 30 in Elgi Thottam, situated in ward 41, who is waiting to avail the government scheme.On Monday Rukumani along with 30 others submitted her petition at the collectorate, hoping that this time at least the district administration would fulfil their request. \"I don't have children. I have worked my entire life as a labourer. Now I am too old to work. Though I am eligible for old age pension, the officials refuse to take action,\" Rukumani said.\"My son does not live with us anymore and my husband and I have been living alone for the past few years,\" said K Parvathy, another petitioner here.A Radhika, president of Janagraha Mathai Sang said that they had submitted the petition at least seven times. However, district officials have not taken any action to resolve the issue. \"They want us to submit the below poverty line certificate, but we are yet to receive it from the village administrative officer,\" she said. She revealed that the district administration has got approval to distribute pension to 30,000 more persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11706417", "title": "Jessica murder: Court rejects Gill's parole plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: A plea by one of the convicts for a three-month parole in the Jessica Lall murder case was dismissed by a Delhi high court on Tuesday.Justice M L Mehta dismissed the plea of convict Amardeep Singh Gill, sentenced to four years in jail, saying a maximum of four days' custodial parole could be given to him for the purpose of arranging an alternative accommodation for his wife and children who have been served with an eviction notice by the landlord in Gurgaon.\"Unless there is emergency situation, I am not inclined to grant him parole. It is not possible to grant parole for such a long period,\" Justice M L Mehta said rejecting the plea of Gill who is a serving jail term along with prime accused Manu Sharma, son of former minister and Congress leader Venod Sharma.Manu was awarded life imprisonment for killing Lall as she refused to serve him a drink on April 29, 1999, during a party hosted by socialite Bina Ramani at Tamarind Court Cafe restaurant at Qutub Colonnade in South Delhi.In his plea Gill sought the parole for searching another house saying that the present landlord of the house, in which his wife and children are staying, has given a notice terminating the tenancy. The convict had moved the court for parole after the Delhi government rejected his plea for it last October following a report from Delhi Police that he could jump the parole as his family did not have a permanent address.Gill's petition referred to his \"good\" conduct during the 13-year trial and in jail. It also attached reports from the DCP (Gurgaon), verifying the address and family details of Gill and a favourable opinion on his conduct in jail.Gill, former MNC executive, and Vikas Yadav, son of controversial Uttar Pradesh politician D P Yadav, were held guilty for the offence of destruction of evidence and were awarded four years jail term.Earlier, the Supreme Court had upheld the conviction of Manu Sharma along with those of Yadav and Gill in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11707803", "title": "Master plan 2031 to ensure regulated development", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The draft master plan of Chandigarh proposes to retain the neighbourhood concept, system of V7s (cycle tracks) and the essence of the original master plan.The master plan 2031 will ensure regulated development of the city. In order to ensure that the city continues to offer its residents high quality of life, it has to be a dynamic, moving and living city, says the draft. After the plan is ready, it will be put up for public opinion and after incorporating the feedback , the document will be forwarded to the coordination committee of the Government of India for approval.For the periphery of Chandigarh, an inter-state regional plan for coordinated development around Chandigarh will be prepared. A decision to prepare the plan has already been taken at the level of the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) and the three states have been given directions to prepare it in a time bound manner.There will be provision of cycle tracks. The tracks (V8 lanes) were planned by Le Corbusier but only a few stretches have the facility. An entire plan for cycle tracks and non-motorised traffic to provide seamless connectivity across the city will be prepared.Eco sensitive zone around Chandigarh, development in the north and north east of the city will be against the effort to get heritage status as Capitol Complex is located in that area. This area also has eco fragile forest area, wildlife sanctuary and catchment area of Sukhna Lake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11708870", "title": "Lineman electrocuted in Assolna, inquiry on", "text": "MARGAO: In a tragic incident, Rajendra Naik, a 32-year-old electricity department worker, died while working on an electricity pole at Assolna on Tuesday. Naik was a resident of Khola village in Canacona and employed as a helper (linesman) at the electricity sub-division office at Assolna.The Cuncolim police said that at around 3pm, Naik received a complaint about a faulty line and went to the site to look into it. He climbed the electricity pole in Assolna and while he was carrying out his work, he came into contact with a high-tension wire and received an electric shock and hung from the wires. The fire and emergency services personnel rushed to the site after receiving the information.The fire department personnel removed the entangled body and the Cuncolim police carried out a preliminary enquiry. The body was later taken to Hospicio hospital, Margao, for a postmortem.Inquiries revealed that he was not carrying any gloves or any other protective gear. Naik joined the electricity department in 2007 and is survived by his wife and two children.\"The Cuncolim police are carrying out further inquiries and a case will definitely be registered,\" said South Goa superintendent of police Arvind Gawas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11709670", "title": "Now, it's online registration for food operators", "text": "PANAJI: The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) launched an online registration system for food business operators on Tuesday. Goa happens to be the first state in the country to implement the system throughout the state.At the inauguration, the FDA issued on-line certificates to two food business operators, each in the licensing and registration categories. Officials of the FDA said, this has been done to set up an integrated, centralized and secure computerized licensing system. Using the on-line system, an applicant can renew a license as well as apply for a new one. An applicant who has got online registration, will also be alerted if the license is about to expire.Till the FDA starts the online payment, the food business operators will have to make their payments through a demand draft.There are almost 22,000 food operators in the state, of which 65 % are small eateries, while 35 % are larger food units. As per the new food safety registration and licensing system, any person running a small eatery, with an annual turnover of less than 12 lakh, has to get registered with the FDA and those with an annual turnover of 12 lakh and above, have to obtain a license from the FDA. Those who have to seek registration include permanent and temporary stall holders, hawkers, home-based canteens, snack retailers, tea shops, manufacturers, repackers, food stalls at religious gatherings and fairs, milk producers who are not members of the dairy co-operative society, milk vendors, fish or meat sellers and poultry shop owners.On the other hand, as per the food safety and standards (licensing and registration) regulations, 2011, those who have to seek licenses include larger units that have an annual turnover of 12 lakh and above, such as hotels, restaurants, manufacturing and processing units, milk collection centres, slaughter houses, solvent extracting units and oil refining plants, packaging, retail and wholesale trade, caterers and canteen operators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "rishi nagar", "code": "11708013", "title": "Twin joy, but double dilemma", "text": "Rishi Nagar: It was a case of unexpected double delight for Kapoors when they were blessed with twins. But at the same time, it also meant exercising brain cells more than the normal to search suitable names for both the babies. The family took almost a month to do so because they wanted to select names that complement each other and have some beautiful meaning too. Finally, the family selected Samay and Suhana, which means pleasant time.Gaurav Kapoor, who is working as manager credit in a finance company, had got married on November 23, 2005, to Reena and after waiting for almost six years, the couple was blessed with twins, including a baby boy and a girl. The twins took birth on September 10, 2011, following which the family members started working on various combination of names but for one month, not even a single combination clicked.Hailing from a business family, Gaurav while telling about the efforts the family put in selecting the names said, \"The astrologer had suggested letter S for keeping the names of both the babies. We surfed internet and asked friends for meaningful names but it did not work. One day, as I was casually reading, name Suhana clicked and it liked it for my daughter. Then I thought a lot for making some combination with it when Samay came in mind.\" Now everybody in the family like their names because both the names sound very sweet. He said babies are now 5 months old and have started recognizing people around them and react when they call them with their names.Reena shared, \"Samay is two minutes elder to Suhana but she is more active than him and cries lesser. Our family picture is now complete and we want to give every possible thing to both of them.\"Grandfather Pawan Kapoor, who is into hotel business, said, \"The naming exercise took a lot of time but was worth it, as beautiful names have been selected for the babies. Our relatives are also complimenting us for the same.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11705576", "title": "CBI files chargesheet against retired I-T official", "text": "PUNE: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), Pune unit, on Tuesday filed a chargesheet against retired Income Tax (I-T) official Nazira Azim Sayyed (61) of Bhavani Peth for allegedly possessing assets to the tune of over Rs 94 lakh that is disproportionate to her known source of income.The chargesheet was filed before special court judge S D Tulankar by inspector Sujata Tanawade through CBI special public prosecutors Vivek Saxena and Ayub Pathan.Sayyed's lawyer Pratap Pardeshi said she was released on a bail of Rs 30,000 after the chargesheet was filed on Tuesday.On January 3, 2011, the CBI had arrested Sayyed and seized cash and information about fixed deposits and bank accounts worth Rs 1.15 crore from her residence and office. Sayyed had been arrested along with tax consultant Rajjak Mulani and I-T official Srinivas Madhavan for allegedly demanding and accepting a bribe of Rs 25,000 from government officer A H Inamdar.According to the CBI, Sayyed had allegedly amassed money illegally in fixed deposits in banks and had made other investments mostly from the year 2000 onwards. CBI had calculated her assets between January 1, 2000, and till the date of search on January 3, 2011.The chargesheet states that Sayyed was allegedly found in possession of disproportionate assets worth Rs 94,55,468 which comes to 376.64% of her known source of income.The chargesheet was filed against Sayyed for committing an offence under section 13 (2) read with 13 (1) (e) of the Prevention of Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "11706806", "title": "Illegal arms unit busted, 2 held", "text": "ALWAR: The Bharatpur police on Tuesday busted a small illegal arms manufacturing unit and arrested two men including one belonging to Uttar Pradesh .Police seized seven guns and items used in manufacturing arms. Two others managed to escape during the police raid.According to Bijendra Yadav, SHO of Gopalgarh, the raid was carried out at a house in Jotari Pipal village in Gopalgarh police station area on Tuesday.\"We arrested two men, Laxminarayan Jat, a resident of Aligarh area in UP and Arshad, a resident of Jotari Pipal village,\" said the officer.Yadav added that two others, Juharu and Samsu managed to escape. \"A total of seven firearms were seized. Many items used in manufacturing firearms were also seized,\" said the officer.Meanwhile, Alwar police on Tuesday seized 2,875 kg of gelatin powder and safety fuse from two vehicles that were intercepted during a police check in Kishangarhbas police station area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11705475", "title": "Bombay Times Lavasa Women's Drive on Feb 26", "text": "PUNE: The fourth edition of Bombay Times Lavasa Women's Drive (LWD) will be flagged off simultaneously from Pune and Mumbai on February 26 and will converge at Lavasa. The LWD is instrumental in spreading awareness about cancer in women.Pune witnessed its maiden LWD last year. This year, the drive is bigger, better and more enjoyable. To build up the excitement and involve a larger number of women, many new activities, including workshops for women on topics like dance and photography, are planned this year. Exciting contests on Facebook are also on cards.The focus of the LWD this year is to create awareness about cervical cancer, which is the number one cause of cancer related deaths among Indian women. Each year nearly 132,000 women are diagnosed with this disease and over 74,000 women die of it. It is one of the few cancers that can be prevented with timely vaccination. It can be treated successfully if detected early through regular check-ups or Pap smear test.A large number of NGOs, women organizations, corporates and individuals also participate in this drive to promote individual causes.Arunabh Das Sharma, executive president, The Times of India Group, stated: \"Woman empowerment is essential for the overall growth of India. At Timesgroup we are committed to support women's causes. The underlying thought behind the Bombay Times Lavasa Women's Drive is in tandem with that commitment. This year we are instituting 'Women in the Driving Seat' awards which will felicitate 10 outstanding women who have driven in the fast lane in their respective fields, setting new standards.\"Rajgopal Nogja, group president, HCC, said: \"Lavasa Women's Drive is in its fourth year and we are growing from strength to strength. Last year this initiative witnessed enthusiastic participation from 2,000-plus women who were selected via an online voting that witnessed unprecedented 7.5 lakh votes from 84 countries, a record which we intend to beat this year. The drive has always captured multiple aspects - the fun, adventure and spirit of the Indian woman combined with her passion for social cause for prevention of cancer.\"Talking about MSD India's support to the drive, K G Ananthakrishnan, managing director, MSD India, said: \"We are committed to protect the health of every Indian woman, at every stage of her life. One key area is prevention of cervical cancer which takes the lives of 200 women in India every day. We are proud to partner with The Times of India and the Lavasa Women's Drive to raise awareness about this disease. We hope that, through this drive, we can urge every woman in India to protect herself and prevent this disease via a comprehensive approach of education, screening and vaccination.\"Devieka Bhojwani, vice-president, Women's Cancer Initiative, Tata Memorial Hospital, stated: \"I am very happy to be a part of the 4th edition of the Lavasa Women's Drive which celebrates the spirit of adventure and fun alongside supporting the cause of cancer. The Women's Cancer Initiative is driven by its desire to make a difference in every woman's life and our association with the Lavasa Women's Drive gives us this opportunity.\"Each car needs to have minimum two women participants in the form of driver and navigator. Women with valid driving licence can register on www.lavasawomensdrive.com. Since there is a massive demand from women to participate, there is a referral system in place, wherein all aspirants will have to generate votes for themselves. The aspirants with maximum votes will be chosen for the drive.The LWD is a joint initiative of Bombay Times and Lavasa Corporation Ltd. MSD is the associate sponsor. Galaxy Care Hospital, Orchid and VITS are the other sponsors. It is supported by the Women's Cancer Initiative Tata Memorial Hospital and conducted by the Western India Automobile Association. This is an initiative of the Times Red Cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11707805", "title": "Cop misbehaved with my son: Anuja Pandey", "text": "BANGALORE: Anuja Kumar Pandey , arrested by Cubbon Park police for slapping a woman police officer on duty, said she was forced to retaliate after the inspector allegedly misbehaved with her minor son.\"The police inspector raised her hand on my eight-year-old son. This provoked me and as a mother , I rushed and slapped her,\" said Anuja Pandey, wife of Hubli Electricity Supply Company (Hescom) MD Pankaj Kumar Pandey. Anuja went absconding from her residence on Monday, and was later arrested at a relative's house and produced before VIII ACMM judge Kiran Kini, around 10pm. She was released on interim bail which ends on February 6.\"I have nothing against the woman police inspector. Yes, we had exchanged a few heated words on Sunday afternoon when she tried to stop us from entering the stadium because we had only one pass. My son got angry,\" Anuja told Cubbon Park police.\"I saw the inspector arguing with my son and rushed to find her raising her hand against my son. This provoked me and I slapped her,\"Anuja said.On January 29, Anuja, her children and other family members enter the stadium. Inspector Anjumala Nayak stops them, and says the pass does not allow entry to an extra person. A heated argument ensues between Anjumala and Anuja, who calls a KSCA official over phone. He takes them inside.Around 9pm, they come out before the match is over. On seeing Anjumala sitting with her colleagues , Anuja's son reportedly abuses her, saying that despite her stopping them, they had managed to get in and enjoy the match.Irked over the boy's comments, Anjumala rushes towards him, raises her hand and warns him not to use filthy words against police officers. Anuja Pandey, who was about 20 feet away from the child, returns and slaps Anjumala, leaving her bleeding profusely from the ear and nose.The family leaves the stadium in a car. Police note down the registration number of the vehicle, which they later track to Pankaj Kumar Pandey's apartment in Tavarekere.An FIR is registered around 11.30pm, but police call the attacker an 'unidentified woman' . On Monday , they identify the attacker as Anuja Pandey and arrest her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11706613", "title": "Man nabbed with fake driving license in Kalupur", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Are you a migrant in the city who doesn't have proper documents to procure a license? You need not worry. Just pay Rs 3,000 to an agent and provide him with three passport size photographs. You will get a license from Nagaland to drive anything from an autorickshaw to a heavy loading truck.Kalupur police officials arrested Mohammed Jaish Raza Shaikh, a native of Bihar and resident of Fatewadi near Juhapura, from Sarangpur crossroads on Monday night on the basis of suspicion. During his body search, officials found six driving licenses from Nagaland including his own. Police grew suspicious and detained him.\"During his questioning, we got to know that he works as a tailor and had been to Nagaland six months back for a contract. There he met a pan parlour owner named Badri Alam. The duo, both originally from Bihar, bonded instantly. Shaikh told Alam that he had a problem getting a driving license because he did not have any identity proof. Alam offered to help and got him a driving license of Nagaland state for Rs 500,\" said a Kalupur police official.When Shaikh came back, he told some others about the incident and found that there were many migrants who were facing the same issue. He then decided to take advantage of the opportunity. He contacted Alam and the duo started providing the licenses for Rs 2,000 to Rs 3,000.R C Chaudhary, inspector of Kalupur police station, said that the applicants did not go through any standard procedure of RTO. \"Prima facie, it looks like a scam exploiting the need of local residents. But we are not able to understand why Shaikh had to go all the way to Nagaland to procure the licenses. We have found five licenses and three no-objection certificate (NOC) from Nagaland for Gujarat from Shaikh. Further questioning is going on,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11708592", "title": "Venduruthy-Vikranth Bridge to be opened", "text": "Kochi: Defence minister A K Antony will inaugurate the Venduruthy-Vikranth Bridge connecting the city with Willingdon Island on Saturday. The 625 metre-long bridge was built at a cost of Rs 37.5 crore.The work of the bridge, which started in 2005, should have been completed by January 2006 but the non-cooperation of a number of agencies associated with the project delayed it.Kerala Road Fund Board is the funding agency for the construction of the bridge. It was after a dredger hit the Venduruthy Bridge connecting the mainland and island causing damages to it that the decision to construct a new bridge was taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11706928", "title": "Rahul resurrects \u2018Rajiv man\u2019 Pitroda for UP polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two months after Rahul Gandhi made him the mascot of the most backwards, Sam Pitroda released the Congress manifesto in Lucknow to identify himself with the party heir-apparent's determined, if desperate, dash in Uttar Pradesh.Pitroda, who has little to do with Congress but is virtually immortalized as Rajiv Gandhi's pointsman who ushered in the telecom revolution, was present by the side of Kapil Sibal, Union minister for HRD and telecom, at a function to unveil the manifesto.Standing out as much for his mane and facial hair as for his skill, the US-returned techie may have served many functions -- lent gravitas to Congress's promise of bringing in technology to the state and subtly revived the memory of Rajiv Gandhi who was popular in UP. Significantly, the popular memory about Congress as a power player in the state stops around the time Rajiv was at his peak ahead of his assassination.While stoking nostalgia among Congress sympathizers unhappy with two decades of rule by regional outfits SP and BSP, Pitroda, as a link between Rajiv's Congress and Rahul's, may have nudged the people to see the son in his father's mould.Pitroda's presence was surprising. While wedded to technology and education, he is not known for his political ideas and has rarely been spotted at such functions. But things may have changed towards the end of 2011 when Rahul made him a weapon in his UP charge.At a rally of most backward castes in Kanpur, Rahul pitchforked the apolitical scientist into the rough and tumble of identity politics by identifying him as an MBC. \"Badai (carpenter) hain woh,\" Rahul told the gathering as part of his fledgling bid to woo the social group which can tilt the scales in the coming elections.The attempt to use Pitroda as a caste symbol evoked strong reactions on social media and some Congress leaders saw it as junking the party ideology to blindly ape the \"mandal\" outfits.But observers welcomed it as an initiative which could reinvent the polarized identity politics. The backward castes have had fewer heroes and BSP, which pioneered in carving a political group out of MBCs, used faces from mythology or pre-independence era to play the 'pride' card. The use of Pitroda was thus seen as inserting a modern achiever in the backward caste pantheon.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11708242", "title": "Refresher Course on physicical sciences begins in Banaras Hindu University", "text": "A 21-day refresher course on physicical sciences began at UGC Academic Staff College of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) on Tuesday. Around 25 participants from different colleges and universities of the country participated in it. Another refresher course on 'Human Rights and Value Education' will also be inaugurated on Wednesday at the UGC Academic Staff College, BHU.Mountaineering: A two-day primary training programme of mountaineering organised by Mountaineering Centre of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) concluded on Tuesday. Some 70 persons, including eight women participants, participated in the camp which was held in Mirzapur.Exhibition: A group exhibition of paintings by Lalit Mohan Sony, Sumona Ash and Vineeta of faculty of Visual Arts, BHU was inaugurated at exhibition gallery on Tuesday.Valedictory function: UGC Academic Staff College, BHU organised a valedictory function of the 59th 'Disha Nirdeshan' course on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-01"}
