{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15332655", "title": "Pawar slapper held with kirpan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Harvinder Singh, who had slapped Union minister Sharad Pawar last year, was found on Thursday at Jantar Mantar armed with a kirpan. Around 12, he walked into the fast venue with a kirpan and tried to make his way to the stage. He was arrested for walking into Parliament Street armed and misbehaving with police.Singh, however, told police he had brought the sword as a symbol of a just battle. \"A kirpan is the best weapon in the Sikh community to fight a just battle.\"A volunteer said that after supporters asked him not to go near the stage, \"he got into a scuffle with one\". He also slapped two constables, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15334872", "title": "Govt to probe into Maoist 'hand\u2019 in Maruti plant violence", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government will conduct a thorough investigation into the Maruti's allegation that the last month's violence in its Manesar plant was the handiwork of \"extreme left wing elements\".A top home ministry official said the probe would look into all possible angles and find out whether there was any link of Maoists to the violence in which one senior executive was killed.The remarks come in reaction to a statement of the company's chairman R C Bhargava who described the violence as a \"class attack\". He told a TV channel: \"These were left-wing extreme elements who incited violence at Maruti. It was a conspiracy which was kept within a small group of people\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15333026", "title": "Mystery surrounds death of student", "text": "NASHIK: Even as the cause of death of an eight-year-old student at Niphad-based Kamathi Jasodabai Soni ashramshala is yet to be ascertained, sources from the school said that there was no known medical history of the child so far. Police have registered a case of accidental death.The std I student, Yogesh Mali, from Brahmanwada village, was admitted to school at the end of June and the medical check-up of the child was scheduled for the month of August. Yogesh went to bed on Tuesday, but did not wake up on Wednesday. The school authorities who found the child 'cold' immediately summoned the police station and took him to Civil Hospital where the doctors declared him dead before admission.Police sources said that the chances of snakebite or violence of any kind was completely ruled out even as detailed medical investigations were awaited. Even the doctors from the hospital in Niphad said that the viscera had been preserved and sent for analysis. \"Nothing can be said till the reports arrive,\" doctors said.Sources from tribal department, however, pointed out that their team had rushed to the spot to examine the things at the hostel and said that the medical reports would decide the further course of action. Sources informed that the children sleeping next to him only noticed his getting up in the middle of the night to answer nature's call and whining in his sleep once, but nobody took it seriously.\"There are nearly 13 children coming from Brahmanwada village to the school. A relative of the child was also in the same school,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15332071", "title": "Top Gujarat businessmen take pay cuts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Inc is cutting corners to beat the slowdown. And, its captains are leading from the front. The economic downturn has prompted promoters of leading firms in Gujarat to slash their salaries, which includes commission, by up to 50% or have refrained from taking hikes.For instance, Zydus Cadila promoter Pankaj Patel was among the 10th highest paid CEO in India in 2001-10 with a pay packet of Rs 28.6 crore. In 2011-12, he drew Rs 12 crore.Similarly, Dishman Pharma's chairman and MD Janmejay Vyas has decided to draw a lower salary. Even promoter of state's largest corporate house, Gautam Adani , has not taken an increment this year.Torrent Power's whole-time director Markand Bhatt's pay came down to Rs 12.53 crore in 2011-12. He stood second among the highest paid directors in India with Rs 21.5 crore in 2009-10.However, there are others like Torrent Group chairman Sudhir Mehta , whose pay went up. Mehta's salary and commission from the group's power business has gone up by Rs 9.50 crore from Rs 7.50 crore in 2010-11 and Rs 6.87 crore in 2009-10.Mehta earned a salary of Rs 3 crore from Torrent Pharmaceuticals in 2011-12, up from Rs 2.5 crore in 2010-11. Brother Samir Mehta, MD of Torrent Pharmaceuticals, earned Rs 5 crore in 2011-12, a slight increase from Rs 4.13 crore in 2010-11. Mehta earned Rs 10.13 crore in 2009-10.Sunil Parekh, advisor, CRISIL , said, \"The situation is dull with some industries cutting back on productions and stocking up on inventories, forcing some CEOs to operate on principles and personal values by cutting their salaries.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15332088", "title": "Gorkha Janmukti Morcha sweeps but not the lone voice", "text": "KOLKATA: The Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) made a clean sweep of all the 45 seats in the newly-formed Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA). Though the GJM's victory was inevitable, springing a surprise were the Trinamool Congress nominees. The latter notched up a sizable vote share - in some places even 10% of the total votes - making it clear that GJM is not the sole voice in the Hills. Had chief minister Mamata Banerjee not asked her candidates to put a stop to their campaign, the results of the GTA poll, declared on Thursday, may have been different.That Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) would sweep the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) polls was foregone. GJM won all 45 GTA seats - 17 of these on Thursday - 28 uncontested before. But Trinamool nominees in the July 29 polls notched up a sizable vote share - in some places even 10 % of the total votes polled - making it clears that GJM isn't only the sole voice in the Hills. Hadn't chief minister Mamata Banerjee on July 21 asked her candidates not to contest, putting a stop to their campaigns, the results declared on Thursday could have a surprise or two in store.Even in their moment of triumph this fact didn't escape GJM president Bimal Gurung even in their moment of triumph. \"The number of votes that they have managed to get is the total number of supporters that the different opposition parties in the Hills has,\" said Gurung. \"We are happy to get the type of support we got from the people in this election and we will now have to work properly so that people's expectations are met. We were confident on winning all the 45 seats and we have shown everyone that the people are with us,\" the GJM chief said. He added that priority will be given to education, tourism and roads. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee, Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde and governor M K Narayanan are expected to attend the swearing-in of the new elected members of the GTA on August 4.The state government, meanwhile, finalized five nominated members of the GTA sabha. Surprisingly, the name of John Barla, former leader of the Akhil Bharatiya Adivasi Vikas Parishad (ABAVP), was missing from the list. Two of these came from the list submitted by the GJM.The five names are Durga Kharel, Milan Dukpa, Satish Kumar Thing, Sabitri Rai and Birkhu Bhusal. While the last two names were suggested by the GJM, the first three were selected by the state government.On Thursday, the state government also formally dissolved the Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council (DGHC) through a notification.With the GJM winning uncontested in 28 seats, elections were held in only 17 seats in the three Hills subdivisions - four each in Darjeeling and Kurseong constituencies and nine in Kalimpong constituency. GJM won all the seats with a huge margin, Gidbaling-Nimbong constituency of Kalimpong subdivision being the only exception. Kalyan Dewan, the GJM candidate here, won only by a margin of 677 votes. Dewan secured 4095 votes while Sanchavir Subba, the Independent candidate secured 3418 votes. Trinamool's Bruno Lepcha got 264 votes. Darjeeling district magistrate Saumitra Mohan said the counting process was peaceful.GJM supporters were waiting in front of the Darjeeling counting centre at Bhanu Bhavan. The moment the results were declared, they broke into the traditional Singhey (lion) dance. At other centres, supporters smeared gulal on each others' faces to celebrate the victory.After the results were declared, victory celebrations took place all counting centres. GJM candidates were greeted by the traditional white scarf by supporters and firecrackers were burst. The Singhey dance (lion dance) was also performed in front of the Darjeeling counting centre at Bhanu Bhavan.On July 18 last year, a tripartite agreement was signed between the GJM, and the state and Centre for setting up a new autonomous, elected GTA, a hill council armed with more powers than its predecessor, the Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council (DGHC) formed in the late 1980s. After the victory today,GJM general secretary Roshan Giri said, \"This victory doesn't mean that the demand for separate state of Gorkhaland has died out. It was always there and it will remain. The functioning of GTA will go along with this demand.\"The state government meanwhile finalized five nominated members of the GTA sabha. Two of these came from the list submitted by the GJM. The five names are: Durga Kharel, Milan Dukpa, Satish Kumar Thing, Sabitri Rai and Birkhu Bhusal. The last two names were suggested by the GJM and the first three were selected by the state government.While John Barla's name was among the names suggested by the GJM, the former leader of the Akhil Bharatiya Adivasi Vikas Parishad (ABAVP) was not there among the nominated members finalized by the government.On Thursday, the state government also formally dissolved the Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council (DGHC) through a notification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15332407", "title": "Work on at Naya Qila as police keep guard", "text": "HYDERABAD: Fresh trouble erupted at the Naya Qila located within the premises of the Golconda Fort on Thursday morning with police personnel restricting the entry of visitors into the heritage precinct. Around 20 cops from the local Golconda police station were seen stationed in the area all through the day and even the entrance to the Qila was blocked with barbed wire for a short while.Civil society members, who reached the spot to protest the digging work being carried out at the site by the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) since Wednesday, were also denied permission to enter the monument.Raising the hackles of civil society members was not just the digging inside the heritage precinct but also the fact that a Hyderabad Golf Association contractor was supervising the work. During the day, a 50-member group of the YSR Congress Party that staged a dharna against GHMC's activities at the site were stopped by the police and later taken into police custody.\"We have been deployed following a request from GHMC officials. They wanted us to man the area to ensure that the civic work they have undertaken here can go on smoothly,\" said a police personnel present at the site.While he dismissed allegations about restricting entry of visitors and claimed that several people had walked in without trouble, there was no sight of anybody except a few labourers and policemen inside the Naya Qila.Activists crying foul over GHMC's work at the Qila termed the move as 'unpardonable' and demanded that the police force be withdrawn at the earliest.\"It is unfortunate that the police is playing into the hands of the municipal body and allowing them to indulge in illegal works,\" rued Jasveen Jairath, founder convener of Save Our Urban Lakes (SOUL), who had forced her way into the Qila after policemen stopped her at the entrance. She added, \"It is bad enough that the GHMC is digging through the Naya Qila Bagh to drain the water out of the Naya Qila talab in gross violation of a court order. If nothing is done about it, the talab with soon shrink and work as an advantage for the Hyderabad Golf Association (HGA) that has been waiting to take over this portion of the Qila.\"In fact, Thursday's digging work, though outsourced to a private company Super Hi-Tech Engineers &amp; Contractors allegedly by the GHMC, was being overseen by the HGA contractor.When questioned he washed his hands of the matter. \"We have nothing to do with this work,\" said Ghouse Moinuddin, the contractor, asserting that the digging of the channel was in the best interest of the heritage site.Curiously, even GHMC officials said they were clueless about the police deployment. When contacted, M B Baig, executive engineer with the department maintained that the contract for digging the water channel had been cancelled. \"We have issued orders to cancel that work because it is illegal. We had roped in the private contractor for some other work, not this. We have no idea who is digging the channel,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15332027", "title": "Chemists push costly drugs, target profits: Study", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chemists in Gujarat are pushing for expensive, branded medicines. According to a study by the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A), in over 70% of the cases, pharmacists do not offer any cheaper variant of the prescribed medicine.The study conducted on a sample design of over 300 retail pharmacists' shops in Ahmedabad says that in most cases, pharmacists do not offer medicine from other competing companies.What is surprising is that over 68% consumers believe that the medicine they purchased is made by other companies as well. And almost 70% the respondents believe that they did not get the medicine at the best price, yet they did not ask for cheaper variant.In other words, consumers purchased expensive drug in most cases while realizing that cheaper variant is possibly available. Consumers mentioned that key reasons for not purchasing a different brand or generic is that they are unsure of the quality of the other brand or generic.\"When consumers goes to a chemist shop with a doctor's prescription, they may end up in substitution by the pharmacists to increase his own profit,\" said Dheeraj Sharma, associate professor of marketing and international business at IIM-A who spearheaded the pilot study along with three summer interns from Indian Institutes of Technology - Mumbai, Kharagpur and Banaras Hindu University.Furthermore, consumers were reluctant in trying a different brand for fear of upsetting the physician who has specifically prescribed a brand. Additionally, over 75% of the consumer were willing to switch to other brands and generics if the pharmacist had assured them of that the quality and content of the other brand or generic is same as that prescribed by the physician.The study says that in general, almost all the chemists (90.1%) inform the consumer about the dosage of the drug. However, 98.54% chemists do not provide any information regarding side effects of medicine.\"The motivation for this study stems from poor healthcare access to large sections of Indian population. The study aims to assist consumers in making informed choices,\" Sharma said.Sharma and his team will conduct a larger study to develop a psychometric scale to measure consumer attitude towards generic drugs. \"Pharmacists can educate the consumers on the contents and quality of drugs the generic and competing brands. Consumers should be made aware of the different companies manufacturing the medicine - generic as well as competing brands,\" Sharma added.Sometimes, the price differential between two alternatives of the same medicine is huge - up to 10-15 times. According to industry sources, the central government will launch a service in August, where consumers will be able to find the most affordable alternative to the medicine prescribed by their doctor through an SMS-based service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15333144", "title": "Vadakara traders for elevated highway", "text": "KOZHIKODE: With the traders' protest against the government move to acquire land to widen NH 66, the people's representatives and social organizations are planning to sit together to plan an alternative \u2014 an elevated highway \u2014 on August 8. The meeting will be attended by Vadakara MP Mullappally Ramachandran and C K Nanu, MLA.Meanwhile, the traders have alleged that the BOT road would ultimately be detrimental to commuters and people who surrender their land.They also say the 45m-wide road will divide the town into two. Prakash Kumaran P, chairman of Building and Land Owners Forum, said the traders have already given their land for widening works to make the road 30m-wide.\"The fresh move will affect more than 500 traders in town and the project will also adversely affect the smooth traffic flow here,\" he said.They alleged that the land mafia is behind the campaign in support of BOT road project. \"The campaign by a group of people who support the project for the compensation package announced by advisory committee appointed by the chief minister is baseless,\" Prakash said.\"Inadequate compensation and the lack of a proper rehabilitation package are responsible for people unwilling to surrender their land for road development projects,\" said Pradeep Chombala, a member of NH action committee.He said the elevated highway will resolve the issues related to the widening of highways and traffic congestion in the town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15338383", "title": "'English Vinglish': Sridevi's first international premiere", "text": "Sridevi is reaching new heights even before the release of her film. R Balki's English Vinglish is going to be premiered at Toronto International Film Festival this year which is going to be held from September 6-16. This is the very first time her film will be screened internationally.After making a comeback to Bollywood after almost 15 years,it is a great achievement and an honour to her and the makers of English Vinglish for representing an Indian film internationally. For Sridevi , this event definitely holds a big place in her life and for that she plans to take both her daughters to Toronto, Canada, to share this special moment. She will make sure both her daughters Jhanvi and Khushi are always by her side for such a colossal success she has gained till date.This film also marks directorial debut of Gauri Shinde, R Balki's wife. Festival and the team are expectedly thrilled for this. The film is all set to unleash on 21st September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15333086", "title": "Digging of railway tracks: CBI to summon former Nagaur collectors, SPs", "text": "JAIPUR: The CBI will soon issue notices to 19 IAS and 25 IPS officers who were posted as district collector and SP in Nagaur district over the past 25 years for allegedly ignoring repeated complaints of illegal marble mining in Makrana. Some of these officers have retired. However, the agency will question them on how the mining continued in Makrana despite several written requests to stop it by the railways.The CBI had lodged 18 FIRs a week ago after launching an investigation into the illegal marble mining in Makrana on the instructions of Rajasthan High Court. The petition had been filed by the railways with an argument that any mining activity is prohibited within 45 meters of the railway tracks since 1986.\"\"A CBI team visited these mines along the Jodhpur-Jaipur and Parabatsar-Makrana railway tracks. The tracks connecting Parabatsar and Makrana had been completely destroyed by the miners who dug up the tracks,\" a senior CBI officer told TOI.\"According to railway officials, illegal mining continued in Makrana despite making several requests to every IPS and IAS officer who was deputed as SP and district collector in Nagaur district to stop the mining over the past 25 years. However, no one bothered to pay attention to it.The officer said that even the railways had approached the Rajasthan High Court in 1996 requesting it to order a ban on mining. \"Despite the petition and the subsequent stay by the court on mining, the practice continued. It comes as a gross negligence and dereliction of duty. We will even probe if corruption played any role in this,\" said the officer.The officer said the movement of trains on Parabatsar-Makrana route had to be stopped owing to digging. \"It could not have happened without the knowledge of local police, mining department and RPF officials. So apart from identifying illegal miners in the FIR, we have lodged cases against unidentified police, railway and mining department officials,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332620", "title": "H1N1 claims 2 lives in 24 hours", "text": "MUMBAI: The H1N1 virus struck twice in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region, claiming the lives of a nurse from Navi Mumbai and a 19-year-old Chembur boy within a few hours on Wednesday. This is the first time since a pandemic broke out in 2009 that a healthcare worker fell to it.Suman Kamble (44), an auxiliary nurse and midwife, was posted at a dispensary of the Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation (NMMC) in Nerul. Chief health officer of NMMC Dr Ramesh Nikam said, \"It is very unfortunate that this is the second death due to H1N1 in Navi Mumbai this year, and the fact that she was one of our staffers makes it worse.\" He added that Kamble was diagnosed as H1N1 positive on July 28 and since then, she had been on antiviral treatment. She died on Wednesday afternoon.The same day, a Chembur family lost one of its members to the infection. Vinay Talewar (19) was suffering from pneumonia and he also tested positive for H1N1; doctors at Kasturba Hospital in Chinchpokli suspect that his condition remained undiagnosed and untreated for at least 10 days. Malnourished, he weighed 35 kg, grossly underweight for his age. BMC officials also confirmed that he had a history of epilepsy. Talewar became the first person in the city to die of H1N1 since June, 2010 though doctors attending him said the untreated pneumonia killed him.Families of both the victims have already been screened. Nikam said Kamble was survived by her bank employee husband and a son. \"Both have been given the antiviral as a preventive measure. A carpenter who had recently worked at their house has also been given the medicine,\" he said.Besides the deaths, what could be more worrying for the city is the gaping hole in communication. For instance, the BMC's epidemiology cell was kept in dark about the news of Talewar's death till Thursday morning, or at least 12 hours after he died. Executive health officer Dr Arun Bamne said the slip-up could have happened at the hospital's end. \"Henceforth, all hospitals will have to inform the epidemiology cell immediately after an H1N1 death,\" he said.Bamne said the BMC would initiate special measures to sensitize doctors about the virus and testing facilities. For instance, Talewar's uncle Kiran Pawar said H1N1 was never suspected in his case. Talewar was admitted to Kasturba Hospital early on Wednesday with acute breathlessness because of pneumonia.\"He had fever for the past 10 days but he self-medicated,\" Pawar said. \"When he got breathless, we took him to Sai Hospital and later to Kasturba.\" Around 250 households around Talewar's residence in Chembur will be screened by healthcare workers.So far this year, 222 people have tested positive for H1N1. With the deaths, the toll in the state have gone up to 35, including four in MMR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15332644", "title": "Soon, petrol, diesel and LPG will cost less in Thane", "text": "THANE: Here's some good news for Thane residents-petrol will shortly be sold at Rs 75.10, diesel at Rs 46.51 and LPG will cost Rs 398.08 in Thane city. The dip in prices is due to the government agreeing to a proposal by the Thane Municipal Corporation to waive 4% octroi on all fuels.A notification to slash the octroi on these essential fuels was issued by the urban development department after repeated requests by the Shiv Sena-BJP ruled Thane civic body. The TMC had recently passed a resolution to withdraw the octroi duty on petrol, diesel, CNG and LPG after the prices of these commodities had spiralled to an all-time high. At present, all motor fuels and LPG are sold at a higher price in Thane due to the octroi charges. While petrol is currently priced at Rs 78.10, diesel is sold at Rs 48.37 and LPG cost Rs 414 in Thane city. In comparison, Mumbai residents pay Rs 75.14 for petrol, Rs 46.17 for diesel and Rs 423 for LPG.\"The prices of these fuels here was higher than in Mumbai. So we decided to give them relief,'' said Sena leader Eknath Shinde.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15332688", "title": "Probe ordered into fraud with IAS officer\u2019s fake email ID", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana police have initiated an inquiry into a case of fraud in which a senior IAS officer's fake email ID was created to dupe a person from Jhajjar district of Rs 12.75 lakh.The officer, S S Prasad, who is principal secretary (higher education), had filed a complained in this regard. Prasad said he complained to the chief secretary and the home secretary after Jai Singh Ahlawat from Dighal told him about the incident on July 27.Ahlawat told TOI, \"I wanted to open a nursing school in my village. A resident of Rohtak offered me to get approval for the same from the government and asked for Rs 25 lakh. He took Rs 12.75 lakh in advance and rest of the money was to be paid after the approval order was issued. His men also inspected the site for the nursing school.\"Ahlawat then got a \"no objection certificate\" for the nursing school in an email sent from an ID created in the name of Prasad. Ahlawat got suspicious as the NOC was unsigned. On being asked about this, the Rohtak resident told Ahlawat to meet Prasad for any clarification.However, Prasad was surprised when he came to know about the entire episode as his department doesn't even handle the approvals for nursing schools. The email ID was also found duplicate.Rohtak SP Vivek Sharma has been asked to probe the matter. Sharma confirmed about the inquiry and added that an FIR would be registered after Ahlawat files formal complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15333861", "title": "Truck trapped as poor road repair shows up", "text": "NAGPUR: A driver and two labourers travelling in a sand laden truck on Thursday had a miraculous escape after one of its rear wheels sunk into the repaired portion of VIP road in Ramdaspeth. The portion was due to poor quality levelling and patch up work on the part of road dug up for Pench IV pipeline project.In fact, the truck got tilted on its side and was stuck near the busy Kachhipura square for almost two and a half hours. The vehicle moved only after half of the sand it was carrying was dumped and a police crane pulled it out.TOI is continuously highlighting the poor quality of patch work carried out on 10km road from Seminary Hills to Omkar Nagar overhead water tank, after laying of 1100 mm pipeline for Pench IV project. Naresh Maraskolhe, who witnessed this incident, said, \"while the repairs were carried out on the caved portion, only a single layer of mud was put. So, due to heavy rains in the past few days, it was loosened,\" he said.Maraskolhe said the truck belonged to a contractor and taking a turn at the square when the road underneath caved in trapping its wheel. Another citizen Deepak Swarge too expressed concern over NMC neglecting such an important work. He pointed out that the patchwork from Bhole Petrol pump square to Deekshabhoomi square, where the pipeline had been laid, was not carried out properly. \"Road is sinking almost every where on this patch. There is every chance of loaded trucks overturning,\" he pointed out showing that the road had sunk near Indusind Bank and near Dr Jay Deshmukh's hospital.Meanwhile, after TOI reports regarding sinking along the 50-metre stretch near Alankar Talkies square, the NMC on Thursday carried out patchwork. Many drivers have said they escaped mishap narrowly while driving over the damaged part. Swarge is among those unhappy with the way the work has been executed. It is not only with the slow pace of work, but also with its poor quality. The project had started in 2009 and it should have been completed in December 2011 but is still going on.\"I have not seen any project taking so much time. As the condition of the road is bad, I avoid driving on it,\" said Maraskolhe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15333412", "title": "Bicycles used to spread terror", "text": "PUNE: The humble bicycle is once again in focus as a vehicle for terror blasts. Three bicycles were used in the four blasts on Wednesday on Jangli Maharaj roadIn the past, bicycles have been used in blasts that rocked Malegaon, Jaipur and Ahmedabad. In September 2006, Malegaon _ the powerloom city in north Maharashtra was rocked by four blasts by bombs kept on the carriers of bicycles parked at the blast sites.In May 2008, Jaipur was rocked by eight blasts and again bicycles were used to park the explosives. Again in July 2008, Ahmedabad was rocked by 16 blasts. Most of them were planted on bicycles in tiffins in polythene bags. Similar incidents have taken place in Delhi, and Uttar Pradesh as well.A senior police official said, Bicycles are used because they are cheaper than two- and four-wheelers. Unlike motor vehicles, cycles can be taken even in crowded places and narrow lanes and parked in any area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "15332752", "title": "Three awarded life imprisonment for \u2018honour\u2019 killings in Haryana", "text": "SONIPAT: A local court in Sonipat has awarded life imprisonment to a woman and her two sons for killing her 12-year-old daughter and 14-year-old niece in the name of honour.Chanchal and her cousin Raj Kumari were killed after their grandmother caught them with their 16-year-old cousin around two years back.Additional sessions judge Sukram Pal also slapped Rs 10,000 fine each on the convicts \u2014 Vidya Devi, Kumari's mother, Chand Varma and Suraj Varma - on Wednesday. They would undergo an additional 10-month imprisonment if they fail to pay the fine.A police officer said the \"affair'' infuriated Vidya and her two sons, who took the girls to a secluded place and strangled them to death.They then threw their bodies into a canal near Badwasni village in Sonipat on June 26, 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15336779", "title": "Northeast rock bands suffer as sponsorships shrink", "text": "GUWAHATI: The northeast is known as the region that pioneered rock music in the country, but despite the raw talent of the many bands here, artistes have to run from pillar to post in search of sponsors. The scenario may have improved compared to the times when there were few corporate houses to spare a buck for musicians, but there is still a long way to go for the rock scene in the region to thrive.Though several restaurants and bars these days host live music, they haven't helped promote the music scene. \"It is quite difficult to organize a rock show at an open venue as it could costs upto Rs 12 lakh. But for a pub-rock festival the cost comes down to around Rs 30,000,\" said David Koach, a city-based rock music promoter. \"Finding sponsors for rock acts is difficult. Most firms are prepared to shell out big money for Bollywood-type events, which are guaranteed to garner huge crowds, but they hesitate to put their money on the line for rock concerts. However, I still believe the scene today is much better that what it was a decade ago,\" added Koach.With few sponsor, rock musicians are now evolving to find alternate sources for funds. Some bands save all the money they earn from shows for the future, while others maintain a 'proper job' and work as professionals in different firms and pool their salaries. Then there are those from well-to-do families and have rich parents they can count on.\"We have no option but to ask for 50% of the advance for our shows. It is difficult to find sponsors and at times we have use our savings to organize shows. When we travel for outstation to perform, we get accommodation, but travelling expenses are borne by us and this is where sponsorship is important,\" said Vedan Kaushik, vocalist Shades of Retribution, an Assamese heavy metal band.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15333371", "title": "Jailbirds made calls with staffers' help", "text": "KOCHI: Surprise raids by the city police revealed irregularities on a massive scale in the functioning of Ernakulam sub-jail where Laskhar-e-Taiba (LeT) suspects, including Thadiyantavide Nazeer, have been lodged in connection with trial of terror-related cases in the state.The raids were conducted with special permission a couple of days ago after intelligence agencies found frequent international calls being made by jail inmates.\"We found irregularities in the functioning of the jail. A detailed report has been prepared and forwarded to top officials in the jails department,\" police officials said.The raids were conducted after police arrested a woman supplying SIM cards to an inmate.These SIM cards were reportedly used by LeT suspects for making international calls.\"Certain inmates have been getting support from jail staff. We have noted this down in the report,\" police officials said.Police said they had tracked the calls made from the SIMs and that a few calls had been made to a number in Bangalore. \"Only with the support of the jail staff, can inmates access smart phones that have been used to make internet calls,\" the officials said.Ernakulam sub-jail has been in the watch-list of state police and intelligence agencies for quite some time now. In September 2009, a magistrate raided the jail on the request of police and confiscated mobile phones and ganja from prisoners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15338884", "title": "Shruti steps into Deepika's shoes", "text": "Ever since Shruti Haasan gave a hit in Gabbar Singh in Tollywood, she's become the most sought-after celebrity, not just in Huderabad, but all over. Little wonder then that the girl has been rumoured to have replaced Deppika Padukone as the brand ambassador for kalanjali, a sari brand.A source says, \"Shruti recently did a photoshoot for Kalanjali, and the hoarding is already decorating Jubilee Hills. She will be endorsing the saris. Incidentally, this brand was earlier endorsed by Deepika Padukone .\"An excited Shruti tweeted, \"I'm properly endorsing the sari brand.\"Meanwhile, a lot seems to be happening in Shruti's career now. While she will soon start work on Prabhu Dheva's Hindi directorial with debutant Girish, which will be a remake of Unakkum Enakkum , she is also kicked about her film with Ravi Teja .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15331982", "title": "Bapu's katha to spread peace in Hiroshima", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After Karbala and Jerusalem, famous Ram kathakar Morari Bapu will hold a discourse in Hiroshima from August 4 to12. The Ram Katha, which will coincide with the anniversary of the atomic bombing of the Japanese city on August 6, is aimed at spreading the message of peace.Bapu, who has delivered about 715 Ram Kathas across the globe - from Australia to US, has been championing the cause of peace for decades and was among the first Hindu religious leaders who had led a peace march through riot-torn areas in Ahmedabad during the peak of communal violence in 2002.Bapu had also organized a religious conference in Mahuva in January 2009 which brought together leaders of various religions on a single platform. The conference titled Dharmasansad had speakers from Jain, Hindu, Sikh, Christian and Muslim communities.\"The idea is to bring different religions and regions on a common platform. Ram Katha in Japan will spread the message of peace,\" said Morari Bapu.\"The world is asking for the fifth Yuga (fifth age) - the age of love. My Ram Katha at Hiroshima will talk about truth, love and compassion, besides peace and preach for simplicity, humility, sacrifice and declaration of truth,\" he added.During the final stages of World War II in 1945, the United States had dropped two atomic bombs on the cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in Japan. Even after 67 years, the debate over nuclear bombing is still alive, prompting the Gujarat-based Ram kathakar to hold a discourse in the Japanese city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "15334566", "title": "CMC chief complies with agreement, resigns", "text": "CANACONA: Chairperson of the Canacona Municipal Council (CMC) Ramakant Naik Gaonkar, resigned from his post.Gaonkar said that this is as per an agreement to allow the rotation policy among the six councilors who form the ruling panel, so that each one can get an opportunity to serve as chairperson.He added that the written agreement was signed by six councilors at the time of the formation of the CMC after the elections and an oath was taken at Shri Mallikarjun temple at Canacona.The resignation letter has been forwarded to the directorate of municipal administration with a copy to Canacona chief officer cum deputy collector Prashant Shirodker. When contacted, ward number 9 councillor Simon Rebello said that he will be the next chairperson, as per the agreement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15336607", "title": "Airport campus still waterlogged", "text": "GUWAHATI: The campus of Lokpriya Gopinath Bordoloi International (LGBI) Airport continued to be waterlogged on Thursday due to heavy rain on Wednesday night. With water submerging the approach road and parking lot at the only international airport in the northeast for almost a week now, the water resources department has submitted a plan to the administration to improve the drainage system in and around the place.The state water resources department has come up with proposals to solve the problem of artificial flooding at the airport, which has become a cause of concern for passengers. The Rs 45,92,021 proposal submitted by the water resources department to District Disaster Management Authority (DDMA), Kamrup (Metro), features the measures to be taken by the government for solving the problem.Dhrubajyoti Das, additional deputy commissioner, Kamrup (Metro), told TOI that the Kamrup (Metro) district administration has also asked the Guwahati Metropolitan Development Authority (GMDA) to carry out a scientific study on the cause behind artificial flooding on the airport campus.On Thursday, a joint team of the army, Airports Authority of India (AAI), water resources department, public works department (PWD) and officials of Azara revenue circle, under which the LGBI Airport falls, visited the affected areas in and around the airport to identify blockades restricting water on the airport campus.The water resources department has suggested the DDMA to construct proper water carrying channels along the left and right banks from the airport to the irrigational channel near the Mirzapur area. Similarly, the immediate requirement to construct a channel to carry excess rainwater from the VIP area to Kalbhog channel has also been pointed out.The water resources department has also proposed the DDMA to develop drainage system between Dharapur area and Kalbhog channel near the sluice gate at Kalbhog.\"After receiving the action plan to mitigate artificial floods at LGBI airport, DDMA, Kamrup (Metro) is going to send the proposal to Assam State Disaster Management Authority (ASDMA) for necessary action,\" said a source in ASDMA.The official said that lack of alternate channels to flush out rainwater from the airport campus towards the western side is responsible for inundation of the airport campus. \"The capacity of the sluice gate in the Kalbhog river, which carries water from the areas in and around the airport to Brahmaputra, requires to be enhanced. The water resources department is going to set up a pump house to facilitate this,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15332003", "title": "Gujarat Technological University punishes second batch of copycats", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Examination reforms committee of Gujarat Technological University (GTU) met recently to pronounce the penalty for 129 students who were caught copying.This was the second batch, where committee members meted out punishment to students violating exam rules and regulations or were caught copying.The majority of errant students copied answers, either from chits brought from home, or from guides and other reference materials. No student was found to have copied using electronic devices like mobile phones.Officials said three students who sneaked answer sheets used in GTU semester exams to the hostel, with the intention of writing answers on them for the next paper were given the heaviest punishment. Their result was cancelled, and are barred from appearing in the next three semester exams. Technically, they will not be allowed to write an exam for one-and-a-half years.The next group, 63 students, received the second level of punishment, where apart from their result being cancelled, they will not be allowed to take the next two semester exams.Another group of 50 students were punished by the loss of exam results, as well as being debarred from writing the next semester's exam. Twelve students were doled out the minimum punishment - cancellation of the result of the exam in which they were caught copying.In the first phase, punishment was pronounced on 79 students. The third and last batch of 162 violators has been summoned on August 6.GTU officials said students guilty of copying will be punished, so that no student feels they can get away with cheating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15332754", "title": "Karnataka pushes for RTE quota till pre-university", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka may have lagged behind other states in implementing RTE but it's in a hurry to push the Centre to amend the Act. The reason: to extend the provision of free and compulsory education till the age of 18 from the present 6-14 category.At a discussion in the assembly on Thursday on implementation of the Act in Karnataka, primary and secondary education minister Visveshwara Hegde Kageri said the government has asked the Centre to bring PUC-level education under the RTE ambit and also share the financial burden of implementing the provisions with states.\"The expenditure on implementing the legislation will run into thousands of crores of rupees in the coming years, and the Centre should clearly spell out on its share,\" Kageri said.The minister said the government has lodged a complaint against Karnataka Unaided Schools Management Association (Kusma) president GS Sharma for his alleged derogatory remarks against students from lower strata and warned of action against private managements refusing to implement the RTE Act. \"The government will not tolerate any discrimination against students admitted under the Act and violators will be dealt with seriously,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15336693", "title": "Blackout fallout: Trains still running behind schedule", "text": "RANCHI: Train services in Ranchi division were disrupted for the third consecutive day on Thursday.Around half a dozen trains, including a few premium ones, were disturbed in a ripple effect of the worst-ever blackout that hit 19 states on Tuesday. Jharkhand Swarna Jayanti Express (Delhi to Hatia) had arrived over 12 hours late on Tuesday. The same train was delayed for over six hours on Wednesday and for five hours on Thursday.\"The long distance trains have been the worst-hit ones and situation will take time to normalize,\" said divisional railways manager G Malaya. Jayanagar Ranchi Express, Patliputra Express and Patna Ranchi Jan Shatabdi Express were among the ones that ran hours behind the schedule.The Ranchi railway station platform for the last two days has become a resting place for the passengers. Those who arrive late in delayed trains spend the night at the railway station.On Thursday afternoon the platform number one of the railway station was crammed with passengers. The scene remained so till late in the evening. A source said that though power supply was restored trains were running behind schedule owing to the maintenance time taken by the trains. \"No train can be allowed to undertake a journey without its proper maintenance. However, the maintenance time is being slightly reduced,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15334581", "title": "Goa finally notifies state RTE rules", "text": "PANAJI: Goa, on Thursday, finally complied with legal requirements of the central government by notifying the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act, 2009. Goa was the only state that had not notified the rules even two years after the law was enacted.Deviating from the national pattern of primary section from Class I to V, Goa's RTE rules define Class I to IV as primary level due to the state's medium of instruction (MoI) issue. The MoI changes from Class V from the mother tongue to English.The central government's RTE Act recommends seven-and-half-hours of schooling but in Goa-where the schools function for five hours-authorities have played safe by avoiding the mention of extended school hours. With the rules notified, Goa government will have to reimburse schools expenditure incurred on education of students from weaker and disadvantaged sections.Schools will be paid 50% in September and the remaining in January after student records are verified by education officials and it is established that the students completed 80% of the required attendance.The rules specify the composition of the school management committee which each school has to mandatorily form now and will comprise of parents, members of the local village or municipal authority and educationists.The committees will be responsible to monitor the functioning of the schools and teachers and will have to draw up plans outlining the infrastructural needs of the schools.The rules also make it mandatory for teachers to participate in training programmes, in curriculum formulation, development of syllabi training modules and text book development. The onus is now on teachers to assess the child periodically and carry out remedial classes for children till they reach the required learning levels in each subject.While school management committees will be the first grievance redressal body for teachers, the state will constitute a school tribunal where teachers can challenge orders of the school management committees.On completion of elementary education, every child will be issued a certificate but it will be the responsibility of the school to ensure that the required learning level has been achieved. Non-academic achievements of the child will also be recorded in the certificate such as his or her interest in sports , music, art etc.As per the rules, the state will have to establish schools with Classes I to IV within 1 km of every neighbourhood and schools with Classes V to VIII within 3 km of every neighbourhood.The state will have to maintain a record of all children in Goa up to the age of 14 through a household survey and it is now the state's responsibility to provide care to children up to the age of six when they enter Class I.The Goa RTE rules give the state more control over private schools, which will have to seek a certificate of recognition from the education department and can be derecognized for not meeting the prescribed requirements. Schools not funded by the state will have to agree to allow inspection of their premises and accounts whenever state authorities demand before they are granted recognition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332891", "title": "Fire-hit Mantralaya to be terror-proof", "text": "MUMBAI: Measures to make Mantralaya more secure and terror-proof will be adopted as part of its multi-crore revamp plan.A day after the state cabinet approved the plan for revamp of the fire-ravaged building, officials told TOI that it had been decided to adopt new security measures in the makeover.The state's seat of power suffered colossal damage in a fire tragedy on June 21. After concentrating efforts on restoring work on the floors that were not engulfed in the fire and reconstructing files that were destroyed in the blaze, the state cabinet on Thursday approved a concept plan for the building's revamp. Involving additional construction and modification of floor design, the plan is to be implemented in two phases. Renovation of the fire-gutted fourth, fifth and sixth floors will be undertaken in the first phase.Officials informed TOI that architect Raja Aederi, who has been appointed for the work, has been asked to hold meetings with senior police officials to incorporate new security features for the building. Home minister RR Patil had initially stressed on the need to adopt these features in the makeover plan.Following the 26/11 terror attacks, the state government had appointed an expert committee, which has formulated a manual for security of iconic buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15333336", "title": "Air traffic dips at IGI as charges, airline woes bite", "text": "NEW DELHI: The capital's dream of transforming into a bustling aviation hub like neighbouring Dubai or Bangkok has remained just a dream. Thanks to the levying of hefty charges on both incoming and outbound passengers, drastic reduction of flights by almost-bankrupt carriers, and hiking of airport charges by 346% for airlines, air traffic is now firmly declining at the IGI airport.This triple whammy has come at a time when the economy is tottering. The three runways of IGI that were handling an average of 950 flights a day till the beginning of this year, are now barely handling 800 flights these days.This is a far cry from the 1,000 plus aircraft movement that was recorded for the first time by an Indian airport in March last year, during the India-Pakistan cricket World Cup semi final in Mohali.Overall, air traffic for the country has seen a fall especially this June \u2014 traditionally one of the busiest months for travelling. Between June 2011 and June 2012, domestic air traffic fell by two lakh movement or 3.8%. With Delhi and Mumbai still accounting for over 60% of all aircraft movements in India and the latter operating to capacity, the drop is primarily believed to be due to the sharp reduction of flights in Delhi.Trouble began in November last year when Kingfisher started reducing flights to a skeletal schedule and then cancelled all its international flights. Later, Air India pilot trouble meant that its international network remains truncated.Airlines like Malaysian budget carrier Air Asia have pulled out of Delhi with the government raising airport charges by 346% \u2014 reportedly making Delhi one of the most expensive airports in the world.The same order allowed DIAL to charge a new fee ranging from Rs 436 to Rs 1,068 from both incoming and outbound international passengers, in addition to Rs 1,200 airport development fee they already pay. Similarly, domestic fliers need to cough up between Rs 195.80 and Rs 462.80 now, in addition to an ADF of Rs 200.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15334563", "title": "Now, pay more for electricity", "text": "PORVORIM: Power minister Milind Naik on Thursday introduced the Goa Electricity Duty (Amendment) Bill, 2012, to increase the rates of duty leviable on the units of energy consumed.The amendment stated that the building up of the transmission and distribution network in the state of Goa involves huge investment which cannot be met from the normal revenue requirement. In order to mobilize additional revenue for the aforesaid, it is proposed to amend the schedule appended to the Goa, Daman and Diu Electricity Duty Act, 1986, (Act 7 of 1986) so as to increase the rate of duty leviable on the units of energy consumed.Non-commercialAs per the amendments, consumers in private houses, bungalows, clubs, hostels and hospitals run on non-commercial lines, charitable, education and religious institution, etc for lights, fans, radios, domestic heatings and other household appliance should have to pay 20 paise/unit from existing 18 paisa/unit.CommercialIn respects of shops, offices, railway stations, hotels , restaurants, photographic studios, X-ray installations, laundries, drycleaners, cinema, theatres, AIR stations and other commercial installations for lights, fans, radios heating and other appliances, consumer should now pay 70 paise/unit from 58 paisa/ unit.AgricultureFor poultry, dairy, piggery, pisciculture, etc, for lights, fans heating and other appliances, consumers should pay 20 paisa/unit from existing 18 paisa/unit and for irrigation pumping and agricultural purpose, 20 paisa/unit from 18 paisa/unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15333009", "title": "Mild to moderate rainfall in the Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: Mild to moderate showers were witnessed in the eastern and southern parts of the state on Thursday while in many areas it remained elusive.In Jaipur, despite the cloudy conditions, there was no rainfall. So far in this season, the city has witnessed an aggregate rainfall of 50 mm. In the absence of rainfall, the city's humidity level was around 8%. During the evening, the dark clouds gave some hopes but till late night there was no sign of rain. Pink City recorded a maximum temperature of 35.2 degrees Celsius, almost three notches above the normal maximum temperature during the day.The Met office said Jaipur is likely to witness rain in the next 48 hours when the monsoon activity would be strengthened.Sawai Madhopur witnessed maximum rainfall of 7 cms. It was followed by Karuali that received a rainfall of 6 cms and Dholpur which recorded 1 cm. Many places in southern Rajasthan, including Kota, Baran and Jhalawar, recorded scattered rainfalls.Southern Rajasthan so far has witnessed the maximum rainfall this season while the rest of the state had a scanty rainfall. According to the Jaipur met office, 26 out of the 33 districts in the state have received below average rainfall while five districts have received negligible rainfall in this season. It may be recalled that monsoon entered the state on July 5.Following the poor monsoon in the state, the government had already announced drought in five districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15336850", "title": "Four suffocate to death in sewer in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: Four persons, including a 12-year-old boy, were killed on Thursday morning after inhaling some toxic gas in the chamber of a sewer where they had reportedly gone to retrieve a Rs 100 note. The mishap took place at Magrasa village in Bidhnoo area of the district.According to the police, the deceased have been identified as Sandeep, his father Mukesh and their two neighbours Neeraj and Surendra, all natives of Magrasa village in Bidhnoo. \"A local lad, Sandeep, entered the sewer at about 7 am using a ladder to retrieve a Rs 100 note that had fallen into it. Once into it, he inhaled some toxic gas and fell unconscious,\" said SP (Rural) Manoj Sonker.When Sandeep's mother Chanda came to know about the mishap, she rushed for help to his father Mukesh who immediately jumped into the chamber of the sewer to rescue his son. However, as soon as he entered the sewer, toxic water and gases knocked him unconscious and he too fell in the sewer. When both of them didn't come out for long, their neighbours Neeraj and Surendra entered the sewer but met the same fate as the father-son duo.Though a few other villagers tried to pull the four victims out of the sewer, they too failed in their efforts because of the poisonous gas. Later, the Bidhnoo police was informed about the mishap.Police and fire brigade personnel, however, reached the spot only after two hours of the incident. They then launched a rescue operation with the help of the villagers and somehow managed to extricate the four victims from the sewer. The victims were rushed to the Community Health Centre in Bidhnoo but in the absence of proper medical assistance, an effort was made to take them to Lala Lajpat Rai hospital in the city. However, all the four victims succumbed on way to the hospital. The police later sent the bodies for autopsy.As soon as the news of the mishap spread, hundreds of locals gathered on the spot and demanded that bodies should be handed over to them. A clash with the police followed when they tried to forcefully disperse the mob. The mob picketed the Kanpur-Hamirpur highway and threw stones at the police and private vehicles.The police later resorted to lathicharge to disperse the mob. The agitated mob also reportedly attacked a deputy SP rank official who had gone to pacify them. The officer was rescued only after additional police force rushed to the area. Angry over police action, the villagers reportedly pelted stones and bricks on passing vehicles and laid siege to the Kanpur-Hamirpur highway.Local MLA Munindra Shukla and former MP Anil Shukla Warsi rushed to the spot and appealed to the protesters to maintain law and order. The locals lifted the blockade after their assurance that their demands would be put up before the district authorities. Additional police and PAC personnel were deployed in the area and senior district officials were camping at the site to ensure peace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15333912", "title": "Bus shooter 'Prince' in police net", "text": "NAGPUR: The man, who created ripples a day before by shooting at his girlfriend Nisha (name changed), turned out to be an outlaw with a heart. He was caught by the cops as he headed towards an orphanage in Bangalore where he wanted to spend rest of his life. All this time, he kept texting his girlfriend's father to know about her health and also stopped to help an accident victim on national highway seven.Siju 'Prince' Chandran was caught in a joint action of Andhra Pradesh police and Nagpur rural police at Mehboob Nagar on Thursday along with the .32 calibre country-made revolver and 27 live rounds. Chandran, a self-styled rights activist and Anna Hazare supporter, had shot three rounds. He had fired two in the air before pumping a bullet in the left leg of Nisha whom he had dragged down from the bus as she headed to her office at Bazargaon.Despite being aware of the police's tactics of following the mobile phone tower location, Chandran not only kept his mobile phone on but also tried to know from Nisha's father, a railway employee, about her health. Chandran had also called up TOI office to offer his side of story indicating how he was being ignored in love and cornered by girlfriend's family that had approached the police against him. Due to Chandran's calls, police were able to trace his location. It showed him proceeding on national highway towards Hyderabad.Chandran was intercepted near Rajiv Gandhi International Airport at Shamsabad. Sources from the rural police's special crime branch claimed that Chandran could have gone further if he had not stopped to help a mishap victim. The rural police team headed by sub-inspectors Arvind Saraf and Dinesh Labde intercepted Chandran while he was resting in the car after driving for almost 24 hours on the highway.Chandran, owner of a transport company in Delhi, had hired a car from Bhopal in Madhya Pradesh where his in-laws stay. As he was ready with a plan, Chandran shooed away the driver of the hired car threatening him with the firearm he had. Chandran claimed before the police he did not wanted to spoil the life of the driver as he was prepared with the plan to shoot at Nisha.Superintendent of police, rural police, Manoj Sharma said he was co-ordinating with his counterparts in Hyderabad who were alerted about the shooter. \"The Andhra Pradesh police had some of my batchmates who played crucial role in nabbing the culprit we wanted,\" said Sharma. Rural police are expected to reach Nagpur late evening and produce Chandran before a court on Friday. An offence has been already registered at Hingna police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15333537", "title": "Water released from Khadakwasla dam into Mutha right canal", "text": "PUNE: The irrigation department on Thursday started releasing water from Khadakwasla dam into the Mutha right bank canal which supplies water to Pune city.The Khadakwasla dam is almost filled to capacity as the storage reached 94.08% on Thursday afternoon. The water is being released at the rate of 1300 cusecs (1 cusec= 28.317 liters per second) and it will continue for the next seven days.Meanwhile, collective storage in four dams that supply water to Pune city increased to 13.08 TMC (44.86% of total storage capacity) on Thursday evening.\"Storage in Khadakwasla is more than 90% of its capacity. So we decided to discharge water into the canal which will enable the Pune Municipal Corporation to lift additional water for the city. Besides, it will also benefit smaller cities like Daund and Indapur,\" said S N Bolbhat, executive engineer of Khadakwasla irrigation division.Bolbhat said the discharge will continue at the same rate for the next seven days. A decision on further release will depend on the amount of rainfall in catchment areas in the coming week, he said.The collective water storage in four dams reached the city's annual drinking water quota of 11.50 TMC on Wednesday. The storage increased further by 1.53 TMC in the last 24 hours as rains continued in catchment areas. By Thursday evening, Panshet dam had 45.94% water; Varasgaon 40.89% and Temghar 29.64%.Bolbhat said that catchment areas of dams registered heavy rainfall in the last four days which resulted in significant increase in water storage. Among the four dams, Varasgaon received the highest rainfall (26 mm) on Thursday. Panshet and Temghar received 25 mm each, Khadakwasla recorded 12 mm.Officials, however, pointed out that the intensity of rain in catchment areas was reduced on Thursday as compared to last two days. Temghar, Panshet and Varasgaon have recorded more than 1,200 mm rainfall since June.WATER STORAGE IN FOUR DAMSDam Water storage Thursday's rainfall (6am to 6pm) Rainfall since JuneTemghar 1.10 TMC (29.64%) 26 mm 1,355 mmVarasgaon5.23 TMC (40.89%)25 mm 1,316 mmPanshet4.89 TMC (45.94%)25 mm 1,207 mmKhadakwasla1.86 TMC (94.08%)12 mm 267 mmTotal 13.08 TMC (44.86% of total collective capacity)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15333250", "title": "23 rioting law college students escorted by cops to be handed over to parents", "text": "COIMBATORE: Twenty three students of Government Law College in Coimbatore were arrested on Thursday by rural police for conducting a sit in protest and preventing other students and staff from entering the campus. Police have booked them under three IPC sections and students were taken by seven teams of rural police in their own vehicles to hand them over to their parents in their respective native towns.On Thursday, at around 6.30 am, deputy inspector general of police (Coimbatore range) H M Jayaram, Coimbatore district SP, E S Uma and other police officers had entered the law college campus and removed 23 students from there. They were taken to the police recruitment school (PRS) campus and breakfast was provided to them.Later, seven police teams were formed to hand the students over to their parents. Two students, hailing from Madurai, were taken to their home town by a police jeep. A police inspector, two sub-inspectors and three police personnel also went along with them.Six students were sent to Gudalur in Niligris district, five were sent to Erode, Salem, Namakkal and Viluppuram in a tempo traveler vehicle along with an inspector and his team. A special team took three students to Pudukottai, Tiruvarur, Perambalur and three students were taken to Viluppuram, Cuddalore, Ariyalur. Two students had been sent to Virudhunagar and Tirunelveli in a police jeep along with police officials and a student was taken to Tirupur.\"The students will be produced before their parents and the police will get a written assurance from them that the students were entrusted safely in their custody. If the students were arrested and released soon after, they might get involved in another protest. So, officials handed them over to their parents,\" said a source.When contacted, police officials refused to comment. Meanwhile, Coimbatore Government Law College principal S Ramasamy has suspended 31 students who conducted a sit in protest at the college campus from 24 July to 2 August. The college was closed indefinitely from July 28. The director of legal studies will announce the reopening date of the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15332487", "title": "William Hague plans trip to India to push for bilateral ties", "text": "LONDON: British foreign secretary William Hague is planning a visit to India \"in the near future\" to lend momentum to an envisaged special relationship between London and New Delhi, which to some observers is struggling to realize its objective. Hague admitted that the relationship \"needs very energetic follow-up over the next two to three years\" in an exclusive interview with TOI.British Prime Minister David Cameron had visited India weeks after taking over in 2010 to seal a mutual commitment on upgrading bilateral ties. But Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is yet to reciprocate his visit and Queen Elizabeth's surprising absence from Delhi Commonwealth Games opening ceremony has created an impression that the enthusiasm for enhancing the ties has lost steam. The British head of state is also the Commonwealth head and has attended practically every such event.But Hague described it as \"symbolic to some people'' and maintained that \"the substance of the co-operation is very good''.Yet he conceded there would be more to do over the coming years in foreign policy co-operation. \"We have to push our mutual understanding in foreign policy because India is a country with steadily increasing weight in the world.\"Hague refused to criticize Pakistan for exporting terrorism or double-crossing the West. \"We are not in the business of ganging up on anybody in the (South Asian) region in any direction,\" he said. But he called on Islamabad to tackle its terrorist threats. \"There is no lack of clarity in our dealings with Pakistan on that.\"He had no comfort to offer on the vexed issue of post-study work visas for Indian students. \"We have decided to bring down immigration to the United Kingdom. We have to be strict. I can't offer any immediate relief.\"Britain has sought a free trade agreement between India and the European Union \"as soon as possible\", but Hague does not see this happening this year. \"(There are) outstanding difficulties. It is all on that openness (on the part of India) agenda.\"Hague refused to comment on the perception of policy paralysis in India, saying Britain would not interfere in India's domestic politics or comment on domestic issues. \"India is a thriving democracy, the world's most populous democracy, which we respect enormously.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15336888", "title": "Landlord-tenant disputes set to end", "text": "MANGALORE: The Karnataka Conferment of Ownership on Mulageni or Volamulageni Tenants Bill, 2011, has received presidential assent. The then President Pratibha Patil gave assent after Karnataka governor HR Bhardwaj referred the Bill to her.The main objective of the Bill is to put an end to speculative transactions, Union corporate affairs minister M Veerappa Moily, who pursued the matter at various levels, stated in a press release.The prevailing system of mulageni lease is not advantageous to either mulagenidars (landlords) or volamulagenidars (tenants). Differences between the two has given rise to speculative transactions. Most mulagenidar-volamulagenidar disputes are in respect to non-agricultural lands, mainly house sites, in Dakshina Kannada and Udupi districts.The Bill will put an end to the multiplicity of litigation and eliminate the scope of vested interests to indulge in speculative transactions regarding properties being held by mulagenidars or volamulagenidars. The state government had, in January 2011, prepared a draft of the Mulgeni Rights Bill in order to address several years of grievances. by mulgeni right owners and tenants in the two districts.The draft of Bill was approved at a cabinet meeting held on January 3, 2011. Then minister for higher education VS Acharya had said the Bill would enhance the compensation payable to mulgars by about 500%, while in some cases, this will be as high as 1000%.Mulgeni rights were revoked after the enforcement of Karnataka Land Tribunal Act, which caused major hindrances to both mulgeni right owners and tenants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15331814", "title": "PM eases land transfer policy to fast track infra projects", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Thursday approved changes in the land transfer policy for government- owned land which would help pave the way for fast-tracking pending infrastructure projects.The latest move adds to the efforts of the PMO to kick-start infrastructure projects, crucial to revive growth and boost sentiment. The UPA government, which has been under fire for project delays and lethargy in policy-making, is keen to boost investor sentiment and get the engines of growth roaring again.Early last year, a ban had been imposed on transfer of government-owned land to any entity except in cases where land was to be transferred from one government department to another.Now, the PM has approved changes that will allow all cases of land transfer from ministries to statutory authorities or PSUs.He has also relaxed all cases of land transfer on lease or rent or licence to a concessionaire which have been appraised through the Public Private Partnership Approval Committee (PPPAC) route and approved by the finance minister or by the ministers concerned or by the Cabinet, depending upon the value of the project.The PM has also allowed development and use of railway land by Rail Land Development Authority (RLDA), according to the provisions of Railways Amendment Act, 2005, and government rules.According to a PMO statement, the relaxation in the land transfer rules is expected to significantly speed up award of public-private partnership (PPP) projects from this month.After the ban was imposed last year the department of economic affairs was asked to prepare a comprehensive land transfer policy for government-owned land.Any department which had to implement a project which required providing land either through lease, licence or rent, had to seek Cabinet approval. The process of securing Cabinet approval is a time-consuming exercise that delayed projects.\"This was leading to long delays in awarding contracts for infrastructure projects, particularly PPP projects. All PPP infrastructure projects \u2014 roads, railways, ports, civil aviation and metros \u2014 have some element of land alienation as the project is often built on government owned land,\" the PMO statement said.\"The government continues to own the land which is leased or licenced out. Requiring Cabinet approval for each PPP project meant adding a few months to complete the processes for securing Cabinet approval,\" the statement said.Delayed projects have been cited as one of the key reasons for the slowdown in industrial growth. Industry players have often complained about the delay in land acquisition.The government is betting on reviving growth through large infrastructure projects. This would also help attract investments and help revive the sentiment.Growth slowed to a nine-year low of 5.3% in the January-March quarter, while overall growth crawled to 6.5% in 2011-12, below the government's initial estimate of 6.9%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15333051", "title": "Education council to restore govt school", "text": "NASHIK: The state government's Primary Education Council has come forth to restore Government Girls' High School, shunning zilla parishad's plans to raze the school and construct a new one.The council, in reply to a letter sent by the zilla parishad president Jayashree Pawar urging for help in the restoration of the building, has said that it was ready to spend Rs 1 crore on the project that included only strengthening the school and that the same could be included in next year's budget.Having received funds from district planning and development committee (DPDC), the public works department (PWD) had sent a letter to the education department seeking its permission in the maintenance of the school constructed in the year 1932, located opposite the collectorate.However, the controversy erupted when the education department asked the zilla parishad's construction committee to carry out the survey and inform PWD about the same. The construction committee in its reply to the education department mentioned that the school was \"endangered\"\u2014 given the poor maintenance among other things. \"The structure of the school is weak and endangered and hence should not be used for any purpose,\" the letter said.However, the ZP president had in the meantime requested the help of the council for the restoration of the school, to which the council replied in positive. The council sent a letter seeking the estimate of the repairs to be carried out and also assured that the Sarva Sahiksha Abhiyaan engineers could be deployed for carrying out survey.An engineer from PWD, Nashik, said that the structure needed to be preserved at any cost. \"The structure is very beautiful, even better than the collectorate. There are some maintenance and repairs issues including the cutting of trees growing on the structure. Along with some strengthening measures, the life of the structure could definitely shoot up by more than 50 years. This will also include a code-of-conduct to be followed by everybody stepping into the premises of the building,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15334254", "title": "First win will be dream come true: Perez", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 2012 season so far has been one of the most unpredictable years in Formula One so far. One of the reasons has been the emergence of teams like Sauber and Lotus , who are challenging the top guns - Red Bull , McLaren and Ferrari - for podium place.After 11 races so far this season, Sergio Perez is currently ninth in the drivers' championship with 47 points, while teammate Kamui Kobayashi is 10th with 33 points. With 80 points to its tally the Sauber F1 Team is firmly entrenched at the sixth place in the constructors' championship.Now as the F1 teams head into a mid-season break, the Sauber drivers took time out to look back at the year so far. \"I had some great moments in the first half of the season. There were the two podiums in Malaysia and Montreal , which, of course, made me very happy. Nevertheless it was also a period with ups and downs because we didn't make the most of every situation,\" the Mexican driver said.Perez's Japanese teammate Kobayashi has supported him all the way so far. \"Overall we have done a good job and achieved great things. The team built a very good car with an excellent performance. Since the beginning of the season we have been competitive on most tracks, and this means we can be confident for the remainder of the season. The downside so far has been we definitely missed some opportunities for some more great results. Too often we didn't manage the weekend perfectly. If we can improve there, a lot will be possible,\" Kobayashi said.The 22-year-old Mexican, who is also known as 'Checo' believes he needs to be more consistent for the rest of the season. \"We need to be more efficient and I want to contribute to that. It is not that our performance was not consistent, but we didn't always get the things right and also we have been unlucky sometimes. We have to get everything together and make the most out of what we have. The car is quick and for me my first victory would be a dream come true,\" he said.About his own targets, Kobayashi said, \"On the one hand I want to get my first podium in Formula One, because this is definitely within reach with this car, while on the other we have to focus on our position in the constructors' championship and score points on a regular basis.\"The season so far has thrown up no less than seven different race winners and with Kimi Raikkonen looking stronger with every race, more can't be ruled out in the second half.\"I think we are having a great season in Formula One this year. The teams are very close together, and this enables more teams and drivers than before to fight for a podium or even a win,\" Perez felt.Kobayashi believes the technical changes might be the reason behind the roller-coaster season so far. \"I think the main reasons are the changes in the technical regulations with the banning of off-throttle blowing and the flexible front wings. This brought the teams much closer together. This year sometimes in qualifying there have been nearly ten cars within two tenths of a second. The smallest mistake makes a huge difference to the position you start from. The result of all this is there are many different winners, which is good for Formula One, good for the fans and good for us drivers,\" he said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "15338560", "title": "Apple's iPad grabs 68% of global sales in Q2: IDC", "text": "SYDNEY: Apple's iPad has grabbed 68 percent of global sales in the second quarter of 2012, according to a survey.According to The Sydney Morning Herald, Apple has again dominated the sizzling tablet computer market.The preliminary report released in the US by International Data Corporation (IDC) showed global tablet sales of 25 million, up by 33.6 percent from the first quarter and 66.1 percent year-over-year.Apple got a boost from the release of its newest version of the iPad, and sold 17 million tablets in the second quarter.\"Apple built upon its strong March iPad launch and ended the quarter with its best-ever shipment total for the iPad, outrunning even the impressive shipment record it set in the fourth quarter of last year,\" Tom Mainelli, an IDC analyst, said.\"The vast majority of consumers continue to favour the iPad over competitors,\" the paper quoted Mainelli, as saying.\"Demand is increasingly strong in sectors such as education\", Mainelli said.Samsung jumped into second place with sales of nearly 2.4 million, up by 117 percent from a year earlier.The IDC said that it expects competition in the tablet market to continue to heat up in the second half of 2012 with new product launches from Amazon, probably Apple, and an influx of Microsoft Windows 8 and Windows RT-based tablets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15334400", "title": "HC directs monitoring of beaches", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa recently directed the Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) to formulate an effective coastal zone management plan in collaboration with Goa coastal zone management authority (GCZMA) for regular monitoring and control of tar ball formation on the beaches in the state.A division bench comprising Justice A P Lavande and Justice U V Bakre passed the directions while disposing of a public interest litigation filed by Ian D'Costa. The petitioner had raised the issue of residue and tar balls being deposited on the beaches of Goa.The bench has further ordered the GSPCB and the Union ministry of environment to carry out annual tar ball analysis for the next five years inorder to further explore and confirm the likely sources of tar ball formation. The court has directed the GSPCB to monitor the onshore facilities of Mormugao Port Trust, Panaji minor port, Indian Oil Corporation and Hindustan Corporation Limited to ensure that they meet the standards prescribed under the Water Act. The GSPCB has also been directed to monitor the coastal waters at least once in three months and also increase the number of monitoring stations at appropriate locations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15333381", "title": "Court rejects bail pleas of Karayis in Fasal murder case", "text": "KOCHI: Giving another jolt to the CPM, the Ernakulam sessions court on Thursday dismissed the bail pleas submitted by CPM leaders Karayi Rajan and Karayi Chandrasekharan in connection with Fasal murder case.The CPM leaders had approached the sessions court after the chief judicial magistrate court dismissed their bail pleas. While Karayi Chandrasekharan is the seventh accused in the case, Karayi Rajan is the eight. Earlier, the Kerala high court had dismissed the anticipatory bail pleas submitted by the CPM leaders. Fazal, an NDF activist, was murdered on October 22, 2006. Though the CPM continued to deny its role in the murder, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) arrested the CPM leaders based on strong evidences against them. The case was handed over to CBI in 2008 on a petition filed by Fasal's wife.The CBI recorded the statements of witnesses who submitted the role played by the CPM leaders in the case. The investigating agency also presented the telephone call list of the accused.Kochi: Giving another jolt to the CPM, the Ernakulam sessions court on Thursday dismissed the bail pleas submitted by CPM leaders Karayi Rajan and Karayi Chandrasekharan in connection with Fasal murder case.The CPM leaders had approached the Sessions court after the Chief Judicial Magistrate court dismissed their bail pleas. While Karayi Chandrasekharan is the seventh accused in the case, Karayi Rajan is the eight.Earlier, the Kerala High Court had dismissed the anticipatory bail pleas submitted by the CPM leaders.Fazal, an NDF activist, was murdered on October 22, 2006. Though CPM continued to deny its role in the murder, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) arrested the CPM leaders based on strong evidences against them. The case was handed over to CBI in 2008 on a petition filed by Fasal's wife.The CBI recorded the statements of witnesses who submitted the role played by the CPM leaders in the case. The investigation agency also presented the telephone call list of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15332174", "title": "US thinktank reveals Haqqani, Pakistan nexus", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Haqqani network in Afghanistan is a deadly source of terror attacks against Indian and US interests. But they are also emerging as a significant economic player in the AfPak region, getting into new businesses like rare earths mining, which are of interest to both India and China, making them a more complicated foe.It also shows that the Haqqani network is closely intertwined with the state and security machinery in Pakistan. Its resiliency can be credited as much to military prowess as the Haqqanis capacity to network with Pakistans ISI, other militant groups (particularly al-Qaida ) and key religious figures, according to a recent study by the CTC, a Pentagon thinktank.(The study by CTC said that the dreaded Haqqani Network receives financial and logistic support from the Pakistani military. The study also said the Afghan Taliban-linked group has a massive network of \"mafia\"-style financing operation that relies on extortion, kidnapping, smuggling and ties to legitimate businesses, reports PTI)The study said a joint US-Afghan geological survey, which estimated Afghanistan to have nearly $1 trillion worth of untapped mineral wealth, located 980,000 metric tonnes of chromium oxide deposits buried beneath the provinces of Logar and Khost. These areas are controlled by the Haqqanis and despite there being no official mining leases being given out by the Karzai government, there are indications that the Haqqanis have entered the mining business unofficially. The report says that there is evidence of chromite being smuggled via Pakistan to China.The Haqqanis' business interests would be of concern to India, because chromite, a rare earth oxide, is important for growing economies like India and China, because of its use in stainless steel. Chromite prices have climbed steeply, and India has expressed interest in rare earths mining in Afghanistan, so, if these findings are correct, New Delhi could come up against the Haqqani network for more reasons than one.The study said, the Haqqani network's involvement in the chromite business in Afghanistan and Pakistan is a more recent development that highlights the networks capacity to organize quickly around a new business opportunity. It is also a story of chronic state weakness and ineptitude, illuminating how insurgents are able to exploit lack of regulation, coupled with chronic corruption in the Afghan and Pakistani governments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15333754", "title": "Heavy power flow on Agra-Gwalior line behind grid collapses", "text": "LUCKNOW: It's official now. A heavy power flow on Agra-Gwalior-Bina transmission line was behind back-to-back collapse of the northern grid on July 30 and 31. On the second day, the eastern and north-eastern grids gave way, too, plunging more than 20 states into darkness.The National Load Dispatch Centre (NLDC), in its latest report released on August 1, said that in both the disturbances there was heavy power flow on the 400 kV Bina-Gwalior-Agra single circuit section crossing 1,000 MW on the single circuit available. However, the available stretch was equipped enough to bear a load of only 691 Mw.The stretch has few more lines making for a circuit, but they were under outages for an upgradation process. Likewise, loading on many circuits in the eastern region was also around 550 MW as against a load bearing capacity of 515 MW, the centre said in its report.It also revealed that almost a similar situation had come to the fore at 3.10 p.m. on July 29 as well on the same line. Had it made an impact, the region would have gone powerless for three consecutive days. In fact, there were reports of heavy load on the transmission lines even on Wednesday with the transmission line having a load of nearly 800 MW.However, faced with an embarrassing situation for the two consecutive days, the load was subsequently pushed down and frequency managed to save the grid.The report of the NLDC has come to punch the UP government, which has been claiming of not resorting to overdrawl. In fact, the UPPCL has been maintaining that at the time of grid tripping, the state was drawing just 40 MW above its allocated quota.The claim was contrary to the report of Power System Operation Corporation Limited (PSOCL), which showed that as against a scheduled quota of 2,500 MW, UP was withdrawing around 4,000 MW, when the grid tripped.The centre has also decided to impose congestion charges in future as per the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission, in case the inter-regional links were found to be beyond the set limits.The NLDC has also decided to curtail the short-term open access system in which power from one source is wheeled into another as per the requirement. For this, the Regional Load Dispatch Centre and the NLDC will ensure system security that may also include curtailment of the transactions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15336984", "title": "Chandi Perera learning horse riding in Mahalaxmi race course", "text": "Chandi Perera from Srilanka is learning horse riding in Mahalaxmi racecourse for her new filmChandi Perera who is from Srilankan industry is learning horse riding in Mumbai for her next Srilankan film to be shot in India and Srilanka.She told her experience -Had to learn horse riding as a preparation for my Sri Lankan film Swasti Siddham...... Honestly, I was dead scared to start it... but fortunately, thanks to a friend of mine who absolutely loves horses and polo, I had a great start ... In return I've promised that when I can ride well, I'll do my bit to promote polo, which is an Indian heritage world class sport as well.I love the experience ... especially, riding in the cooler weather in these months is making it a luxurious experience... Well, I'm surprised I said that, 'because few days ago I was dead scared to get on to a horse...! She also recently went to Banglore, Chennai and USA for fashion shows", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15336272", "title": "Mom\u2019s prayers paid off : Govinda", "text": "Your first hit is a lot like first love. You never forget it. I still remember how good it felt when Ilzaam was declared a hit. We had all worked hard on it; Neelam, producer Pahlaj Nihalani, director Shibu Mitra and I.But hard work is not enough of a security blanket and neither had I entered the industry with a silver spoon in my mouth. However, by the grace of God and with my mother's blessings, film nikal padi. When my dear friend Pahlajji gave me the good news, the first person I thought of was my mother. Her prayers had been answered. Life changed a lot after Ilzaam . People started recognising me. They would smile and ask me for my autograph. That feeling is unforgettable. At the beginning of my career, I wasn't necessarily doing the best of projects. I was lucky to have Pahlajji approach me with what eventually became my first hit. It was a strong subject, which both my mother and I liked. I had a wellrounded role, where there was scope for me to sing, dance and do comic as well as emotional scenes. To be honest, I wasn't surprised when the film became a success. But my mother was the happiest person. More so because she had been rather skeptical about the title Ilzaam and thought it had negative connotations. The story goes that the original title was Rampur Ka Lakshman but was changed to Ilzaam as Rampur also happened to be the title of a film Manmohan Desai Saab's had done earlier with Randhir Kapoor. My mother was so uncomfortable with the new title that she even called Pahlajji home, asking him to change the title, just weeks before the film's release. At first, Pahlajji refused but relented later, just for my mother's sake. A collective decision was taken to once again change the film's title to Jhootha Ilzaam but that too was registered someplace else. Finally, the film remained Ilzaam a nd became a success despite the title. Importantly, Ilzaam gave me a dear friend in Pahlaj and co-star Neelam, with whom I did nine films. We liked working together and the audience liked seeing us together. I had seen Neelam in her debut film Jawaani and knew she had the spark. But I had to wait for a couple of years before I could work with her. Ilzaam was the beginning of my journey and hence, very special. I'd say from Ilzaam in 1986 to Bade Miyan Chote Miyan in 1998, the hits that came my way were all based on the initial success I had in Ilzaam.As told to Subhash K Jha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15336979", "title": "District authority halts civil works abutting water body", "text": "MYSORE: The district administration late on Thursday evening stopped civil works by private developers abutting a water body in Vijaynagar IV Stage on the charges that the lake is being encroached. The officials are verifying records and will decide on Friday whether there is a case against the encroachers.A team of officials led by Mysore taluk tahsildar Naveen Joseph rushed to the spot following complaints that the lake, which was revived recently, at Madagalli, is encroached upon by private developers who are developing a layout.The officials stopped the works and also took into their possession a heavy earth vehicle and a lorry.The officials inspected survey no. 17 which is government land ,while the layout is being developed next to it.\"We've stopped the works and are verifying records to check whether the government land is encroached upon,\" Naveen Joseph told The Times of India. The private land where the layout is developed is seven acres, he stated adding it is adjacent to the government land. He said no case has been filed as yet, which will be decided after the verification of the records and the land.Tension prevailed for some time at the site when the civil works were on as the villagers contested that it is a water body which is being encroached on. The water body was recently revived using central funds under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme.According to the residents, the water body was used for fishing for some time, which is now dried up and the tank bed encroached on to form the layout. Vijaynagar IV Stage is a newly developed layout of Mysore Urban Development Authority around which several layouts are under construction.The land is question is next to prime property developed by a Bangalore-based developer where sites were sold within weeks after the project was announced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15332339", "title": "Australia PM visit to push N-trade", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's nuclear diplomacy seems to be paying rich dividends with the prime ministers of top two uranium producing countries \u2014 Australia and Canada \u2014 scheduled to visit India this year. Government sources confirmed that India has given green signal to visit by Australian PM Julia Gillard and her Canadian counterpart Stephen Harper as both these leaders were keen on visiting India.While India signed a civil nuclear agreement with Canada in 2010, a deal seen as having the potential to corner 2,000 tonnes of uranium for the country despite certain technical limitations, the Gillard-led Labor government in Canberra recently reversed the ban on exporting uranium to India.\"Dates are still being worked out through diplomatic channels but both of them will visit India before the end of this year,\" said a source, adding that Gillard's visit will provide more clarity on exactly when uranium shipment to India will commence. \" It will obviously be one of the main issues in the agenda when the two PMs meet,\" he added.After having overcome stiff opposition from across the country over uranium supply to India, a non-NPT signatory, Canberra has assured India that it is putting internal arrangements in place to facilitate supply of uranium to India.The Gillard visit will mark another attempt by Australia's Labor government to mend fences with India after having been accused of ignoring ties with the country. It started in 2009 with the visit of then PM Kevin Rudd to India in 2009 soon after ties seemed to have taken a hit in the face of attacks on Indian students in Australia.Despite being a member of NSG, which granted a special waiver to India for carrying out nuclear commerce despite it not having signed NPT, Canberra maintained that it was not going to supply uranium to India until late last year. No Indian PM has visited Australia for over quarter of a century, and last year even PM Manmohan Singh pulled out of a Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM) meeting in Australia, much to the disappointment of the Australian government. This was despite Singh having attended the two earlier CHOGM events in Uganda and Trinidad &amp; Tobago.Despite serious differences with India starting from the 1974 nuclear tests in Pokhran, Canada came round to having a civil nuclear pact with India after the NSG waiver. Together with Australia and Kazakhstan, it accounts for 63% of total annual uranium production in the world. India has inked a civil nuclear pact with Kazakhstan as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15334698", "title": "Worker dies in septic tank, court ban flouted again", "text": "CHENNAI: A 29-year-old man died after inhaling toxic fumes while cleaning a septic tank in a house at Adambakkam on Thursday morning. This is the fourth death of workers involved in manual scavenging, which has been banned by the Madras high court, in the city in the past two months.Police said Nagaraj was hired by S Velankanni of Adambakkam to fix a blocked sewage line. Police have detained Velankanni and sent Nagaraj's body to Chromepet General Hospital. The high court had banned manual scavenging in 2006 after admitting a public interest petition by social worker A Narayanan. However, implementation of the ban has been lax across the state. Both the Chennai Corporation and Metrowater have flouted the ban in Chennai. In April 2012, Narayanan filed a contempt petition in the high court saying 11 people had suffocated in septic tanks and manholes in the state in the preceeding 13 months.Residents often hire workers for as little as 100 to clean septic tanks. Workers clean the tanks at night, often without masks or any safety gear. Though the government claims it has abolished scavenging, the practice continues.\"The drainage system should be redesigned and people should be prevented from disposing plastic waste in sewage lines,\" said Narayanan. \"If these steps are taken, workers will not have to enter manholes.\" He said the high court has issued directives to a 13-member committee to undertake a publicity campaign on the ban on manual scavenging.Safai Karamchari Andolan national convenor Bezwada Wilson told TOI from New Delhi that the National Crime Records Bureau does not have statistics on the workers who die in manholes. \"From reports by various organisations, we have concluded that an average of 30 people die every day in the country due to scavenging,\" said Wilson. He squarely blamed state governments for the deaths.\"Manual scavenging is banned under the Employment of Manual Scavengers and Construction of Dry Latrines (Prevention) Act, 1993 but no one cares about the plight of manual scavengers,\" Wilson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15332933", "title": "Jairam, Pawar rap Jagadish Shettar on drought aid", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka government's long wish list, seeking financial assistance for taking up drought relief measures, drew the ire of the Centre. Chief minister Jagadish Shettar got the rap for submitting a memorandum which was termed \"unscientific and improper\".Union ministers Sharad Pawar and Jairam Ramesh , chairman and member of the Empowered Group of Ministers (EGoM) on drought, who visited the state to study the drought situation, said Karnataka's approach in seeking financial aid was not in accordance with the system. Both told Shettar to submit a fresh list in the next three days.After holding meetings with the government, Ramesh admitted that Karnataka was facing the worst drought in the past 40 years. He told the CM to submit two memoranda --- one on the immediate priorities for farmers and the second regarding additional measures and systems the Centre could provide to help Karnataka manage future droughts, its agriculture and water supply problems.DECISION NEXT WEEK\"The EGoM is scheduled to meet in New Delhi in a week's time and the reworked memorandum submitted by the state will be discussed and considered,\" said Ramesh.The state government had submitted two memoranda to the Centre: the first, on November 21, 2011, sought relief of Rs 2,605.99 crore. However, the Centre approved Rs 186.68 crore, of which only Rs 70.23 crore has been released. The second memorandum, submitted on May 5 this year, sought Rs 5,864.25 crore.\"As per the June 28 letter, the Centre released Rs 282.35 crore. Newspaper reports suggest the Centre has approved a financial package of Rs 1,931 crore, of which Karnataka will get Rs 224 crore. Compared to the magnitude of the problem, this is insufficient,\" Shettar told reporters.On Shettar's statement that the Centre had released only a fraction of the money sought by the state for drought relief, Pawar said: \"The factual position seems to be very different from what the CM has said. So far, Rs 71 crore has been given under the National Rural Drinking Water Supply scheme and the state's demand for more assistance under the scheme will be discussed in New Delhi at the GoM meeting next week,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "15333980", "title": "Cops nab 2 more for Khandare murder", "text": "AMRAVATI: The police have nabbed former corporator of Nationalist Congress Party Gajendra Tidke and infamous goon Sonya Chandurkar in connection with Girish Khandare murder case on Wednesday.According to police sources, a gang of goons attacked Girish Khandare on July 25. Police arrested Pravin Mohod, Sudhir Mohod, Dipak Mohod, Prashant Tayde, Prakash Tayde on last Wednesday, but three accused, former NCP corporator Gajendra Tidke, Roshan Kadu and Sonya Chandurkar, were absconding after the incident.Girish Khandare, who was rushed to hospital for treatment, succumbed to injuries on Monday. Relatives of the deceased created an uproar at the morgue and refused to allow autopsy till the arrest of absconding accused. However, the police handled the situation well and post mortem was done.On Wednesday night, police nabbed Sonya Chandurkar from Rahatgaon when he was returning from Nagpur while Gajendra was arrested from his house. There are around 11 serious offences registered against the deceased Girish Khandare.Police are yet to arrest one more accused Roshan Kadu, and he is expected to be arrested by evening, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15333820", "title": "Leopard found dead in Dongargaon forest", "text": "GONDIA: The decomposed body of a leopard was found in the forest between Khursipar and Dongargaon depot early Thursday morning. The leopard appeared to have died on Sunday in a fight with blackbuck as the marks at the spot indicated.The carcass of the old leopard was found in beat number 15/55 of Sadak Arjuni under Duggipar police station jurisdiction. Assistant conservator of forest at Gondia Ashwin Thakkar said after inspection that the leopard perhaps wanted to escape from the blackbuck as there were fresh pug and nail marks on a nearby tree. Plants near the site were scattered and destroyed. Pug marks of the blackbuck were also found, Thakkar said, adding that the fight must have taken place three to four days back. Teeth of the animal indicated that it was very old and hence could not face attack from the blackbuck, Thakkar said.ACF (wildlife) Nandkishor Kale, members of NGO Nisarga Mandal Mukund Dhurwe and Sanjay Akhare visited the spot. Veterinary doctor from Sadak Arjuni conducted the postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15336805", "title": "Fissures in Cong-BPF ties over violence in Bodoland", "text": "GUWAHATI: The recent clashes between Bodos and Bengali-speaking Muslims has not just jolted the socio-economic system, but has also had a significant political fallout. The five-day mayhem in lower Assam has created fissures in the six-year ruling alliance of Congress and Bodoland People's Front (BPF). The rift has widened to the extent that a new political realignment is almost certain ahead of the Lok Sabha election in 2014, which will be followed by the Bodoalnd Territorial Council election in 2015 and the assembly election in 2016.\"If BPF severs ties with Congress, the only partner it can join hands with is the BJP. A new realignment looks possible soon,\" a political analyst said. His views are based on the political developments with the BJP leadership fanning out across the riot-hit areas in the Bodoland Territorial Area Districts and LK Advani declaring the war on illegal migrants during his visit to Kokrajhar.The cracks within the alliance developed immediately after a huge number of Bengali-speaking Muslims fled Kokrajhar for Dhubri district following the riots. BPF surprised the Congress when it described the riot as clash between Bodos and illegal migrants. For the Congress, the huge electorate of Bengali-speaking Muslims in Dhubri and Kokrajhar districts is not something that can be sacrificed to keep the BPF happy. \"There are no illegal migrants in the clash. They are all Indian citizens,\" Gogoi said immediately after BTC chief Hagrama Mohilary blamed illegal migrants for triggering the riot.The BTC leadership in a memorandum submitted to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh during his visit to Kokrajhar on July 28 saying: \"It may not also be ignored that the immigrant Muslim community in non-BTC areas of neighbouring districts have been constantly instigating their brethren in the BTC area to organize for scrapping of the Bodoland Territorial Council. These have been done by the organization called O-Boro Suraksha Samitee. The so called O-Boro Suraksha Samitee is an organization of immigrant Muslims backed by handful of non-minority communities living outside the BTC area and always trying to create law and order situations to bring political instability to Bodoland.\"The bitterness between the Congress and the BPF became evident when the BTC leadership was kept out of the PM's entourage in Kokrajhar. The BTC leadership alleged the government did not want them to be in the entourage while a senior minister accompanying the PM said the BTC itself had opted out for fear of facing the anger of inmates of relief camps.In every relief camps of the Bengali-Muslims, slogans were raised against Mohilary and people demanded for scrapping the BTC every time a Congress minister, either from the state or the Centre, visited the camps. The Congress, however, is also fighting a separate battle with the All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF), which has run away with the support from Bengali-speaking Muslims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15337944", "title": "Govt should not encourage Ganesh idols made up of paper: Hindu Janajagruti Samiti", "text": "PANAJI: Hindu Janajagruti Samiti (HJS) has appealed to the chief minister of Goa not to encourage Ganesh idols made up of paper but continue with Ganesh idols made of clay as per the scriptures and respect the sentiments of Hindus and safeguard the environment.Government of Goa has expressed amending the Bill regarding eco-friendly idols during the ongoing assembly session. The government is thinking of encouraging eco-friendly Ganesh idols made up of paper. In this regards HJS has submitted the memorandum to the government.Manoj Solanki said that the memorandum has highlighted importance of Ganesh idols made up of clay i.e., as per Hindu scriptures.He also said that as per Kishore Vasantrao Mardikar, an environmentalist and an advisor of Maharashtra Pollution Control Board Ganesh idols made up of paper-pulp and trash dissolve in water quickly; however the paper pulp absorbs oxygen from water endangering life of aquatic animals.HJS has forwarded this memorandum to environment minister, MLA and Chairman of GHRSSID Lavoo Mamletdar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "15333955", "title": "Water tanks in Yavatmal not cleaned for 3 years", "text": "YAVATMAL: A delegation of city congress committee, led by president Chandrashekhar Chowdhari, met additional district collector Indrasen Titkare on Wednesday and submitted a memorandum of demands following a RTI query revelation that water tanks in the city have not been cleaned for the last three years. The delegation also demanded a probe into the matter.When contacted, Titkare said the matter has been referred to higher authorities of the Maharashtra Jeevan Pradhikaran.According to Chowdhari, they had applied for information under RTI from the local Jeevan Pradhikaran department. It revealed that no attempt was made to clean two water tanks constructed on the premises of the local Jeevan Pradhikaran office and one at Darda Nagar for the last three years. Water from Nilona and Chapdoh dams is stored in these tanks and later supplied to the city and eight nearby villages.Chowdhari alleged that though the tanks remain unclean, bogus bills have been submitted for their work. \"We have demanded a probe to bring the guilty to book. If action is not taken, we will launch an indefinite hunger strike in front of the district collectorate,\" said Ajay Kinhikar, who was part of the delegation.It may be recalled that Yavatmal city is being supplied drinking water on alternate days for the last three decades. This arrangement is revised from time to time as per availability of water in the dams. However, this summer, the pradhikaran supplied water after every four days. After recent rainfall, the Nilona and Chapdoh dams are overflowing. Yet the department has not restored the water supply as per the earlier schedule.When contacted, executive engineer MB Dhone admitted that the water tanks were not cleaned for the last three years but denied allegations that the city was being supplied impure water. \"We treat the water with chlorine and alum before it is supplied to the citizens,\" he said, adding that there was no outbreak of any water borne diseases during this period. He also confirmed that both the dams are now overflowing and that the water supply would be revised soon. However, he did failed to give any satisfactory reply on the issue of bogus bills.During a press conference recently, one of the MLAs from the city admitted that lakhs of rupees were siphoned off in the name of de-silting of the two dams last summer. He said contracts were given to agents of political bigwigs by flouting norms.Vijay Rajurkar, a resident, said that a probe should be conducted to unearth these scams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332790", "title": "Brihanmumbai Electric Supply and Transport takes up ticket machine complaints", "text": "MUMBAI: Complaints by BEST bus passengers regarding overcharging and malfunctioning of the recently introduced handheld machines were taken up by Shiv Sena and Congress members at a recent committee meeting.Officials said conductors should not be blamed and problems regarding the ticket machines will be looked into.Committee member Ravi Raja said, \"Several commuters have said that smartcards are not being scanned properly on the machines. What is the use of investing so much money in these gadgets?\"Another member Sunil Ganacharya said there were complaints of passengers getting inflated tickets and machines conking off. \"Several alight from buses without buying tickets as the machines are either slow or malfunction occasionally. We are losing out on revenue,\" he pointed out.A Rs 5 ticket is generated as a Rs 65 ticket and at times, tickets worth Rs 175 have also been issued wrongly, he stated. The machine also shows inflated amount during the final counting at depots.A commuter, Prakash M, said, \"The other day, I was travelling from Nagpada to CST and passengers were arguing of being charged excess fare for short distances. A woman commuter was travelling less than 3 km, but was given a Rs 10 ticket (for 3-5 km). I purchased a ticket from Nagpada and it should have cost Rs 7, but the conductor charged me from the previous stop and issued a Rs 10 ticket.\"BEST public relations officer N A Walavalkar said passengers should lodge complaints if they are charged excess. An official said all machines will be sent for testing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15333207", "title": "Celebrating the brother-sister bond in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: Rakshabandhan is the time when a whiff of northern culture wafts into pockets in southern cities. With communities and societies more assured of their multicultural identities, celebrations are becoming more elaborate, public and, more importantly, crossing communal barriers.Just a day ahead of the festival, whose highlight is that a sister ties a rakhi (simply put a thread) on her brother's wrist and the brother in return vows to look after her, rakhis had flooded many city shops.The festival, of course, is about sibling affection. But it is also an occasion for gender assertion. \"This may be the only day when a boy touches the feet of a girl and seeks her blessings,\" says Sonu Panjabi, a Sindhi whose family has been living in the city for nearly two decades. Sonu's family, like many other families in the city celebrated the festival with great pomp and show.Shakunthala Punjabi, one of the elder members of the family, says the festival originated in a time of frequent wars, when sisters would tie the rakhi on their brothers' wrists as they departed for battle, wishing them success. The brothers, in turn, would pledge to protect them. Later, this became an occasion when brothers sought the blessings of their sisters and gave them gifts.Sarala Bohra, a city resident for a few decades, looks forward to this day eagerly. \"This is a time which reminds that we as sisters are special and respected. It's good to see brothers seek your blessing,\" she adds.Meanwhile, the types and kind of rakhis available in the market have changed over the years. Ashish A Mehta, a shopkeeper at RS Puram in the city, says they sell several varieties of rakhis. \"This year, there were hundreds of new varieties. We had rakhis, especially for children, with pictures and cartoon characters,\" he adds.More than the kind of rakhi, Rakshabandhan is a time to nurture the bond between the brothers and sisters. Gopal Punjabi, who came to celebrate Rakhshabandhan with his sister after 12 years says all these years he received them via courier. \"I made sure I attended the celebrations this time. This is the only time of the year when we spend some quality family moments,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "15332124", "title": "Students protest gender-division diktat in Malda school", "text": "MALDA: A co-ed high school in Manikchak has been forced to revoke a Taliban-type diktat to keep boys and girls separate after protests from students, especially boys, and a section of guardians.The management of Enayetpur EA High School had decided to allow boys and girls to attend classes on alternate weeks after some girls complained about being teased. The school authority made it clear that no boy would be allowed on campus on the seven days that the girls came to school. No one paused to think about the classes the students would miss because of the seven-day rule.Students, realizing that they would never finish the syllabus this way, started protesting. The boys of Class XI locked the school gates on July 31. \"How can the school take such a decision because of a few errant boys? The higher secondary syllabus is too vast to complete in two years.If the number of classes is reduced in this manner, we will suffer,\" said students Sabir Sk and Raisuddin Sk.Some guardians, too, joined the agitation. District inspector of schools (secondary) Parthasarathi Jha said, was taken aback. He said he had no clue of the gender divide in the school.\"I don't know of any such decision by the school. I'll certainly look into it. The interest of the students cannot be compromised,\" Jha said.The controversy started around July 25 when some girls complained of being teased. The school failed to solve the problem because of interference by the villagers. Tension mounted when the guardiansgot into a blame game and the teachers were blamed the teachers for \"allowing girls to sit with boys\". On July 28, the school managing committee decreed that boys would attend classes for seven days and the girls for the next seven.School principal Md Ibrahim said: \"The managing committee took the decision to keep the school running smoothly. We had no option than to separate the boys from girls.\"But the gender division triggered protests, forcing the school management to revoke the decision on Thursday. It was decided that students would attend classes together as before.\"We have changed our decision but a meeting will be held regarding the misbehavior of some students,\" the principal said. adding that they were finding it tough to maintain discipline because there were a whopping 185 students in Class XI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332622", "title": "Gutka worth Rs 47 lakh seized from Sion godown", "text": "MUMBAI: The state's Food and Drug Administration (FDA) made the biggest seizure of gutka on Thursday since the ban came into effect. Following a tip-off, FDA officials raided a godown in Sion (E) and found gutka packets worth Rs 46.86 lakh.Assistant commissioner (food) of FDA, Suresh Deshmukh, said, \"A shopkeeper in Ghatkopar gave us information about the godown that belonged to Mahendra Somaiya. We found 42,600 big packets (25.56 lakh sachets) of the Raj Kolhapuri brand stuffed in 213 gunny bags.\" Somaiya is the main distributor for Mumbai and adjoining regions.Deshmukh said they had got the tip-off on Wednesday itself during one of their routine raids in Ghatkopar.\"We had informed the Wadala police beforehand and saw to it that nothing was moved out of the godown till Thursday morning,\" he said.The godown was operating without a licence. Deshmukh said Somaiya may have to shell out fine upto Rs 10 lakh, and could also face an imprisonment of six months. tnnThe ban on gutka and pan masala was enforced under the Food and Safety Standards Acts 2006 (FSSA) that prohibits presence of tobacco, nicotine and magnesium carbonate in any food item.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15334063", "title": "Pak sends back J&K; cop\u2019s body", "text": "Pakistani authorities on Thursday handed over a Jammu &amp; Kashmir police sub-inspector's body that they had recovered from the Chenab River to the Indian side.Police said Sunil Khajuria had gone missing on July 28 and that he had been last seen near the river on the Indian side.They said it was unclear whether he had fallen into the river accidently or he had committed suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15334762", "title": "Shoreline under threat of erosion", "text": "Till a few years ago, Santhosh and other villagers of Sulerikattukuppam in Nemmili panchayat off East Coast Road near Chennai spent several idyllic hours every day on the beach. Little did they imagine that a desalination plant in neighbouring Nemmeli would deprive them of the vast, sprawling beach, the only spot for recreation in the vicinity.Sea water intrusion caused by the construction of the desalination plant has claimed a stretch of coast up to half a kilometre inland in Sulerikattukuppam. There is no beach any more and hundreds of fishermen have lost their livelihood.\"Fishermen here were left with no option, so they joined construction companies as painters and welders for a meagre pay,\" Santhosh said. The state government built seawalls after the residents held several protests last year. The government was till recently paying each of the fishing families in the village Rs 2,000 a month as relief. Sulerikattukuppam is not the only victim of erosion due to man-made structures along the coast.A study by the National Centre for Sustainable Coastal Management (NCSCM) of the Union ministry of environment and forests reveals that a 41.4% of the 993.39 km long coast of Tamil Nadu is exposed to erosion.Any man-made construction that projects into the sea, such as a port or breakwater, obstructs the normal movement of sediments including sand and gravel along the coastline, said B R Subramanian, project director Integrated Coastal and Marine Area Management. \"This leads to erosion on one side of the construction and an accumulation of sand on the other,\" he said.Tamil Nadu has 26 ports, both existing harbours and those under construction. Subramanian said the coastal assessment study by NCSCM is the first research on erosion along the coast and will help authorities evolve policies to take corrective action in areas that have been affected by severe attrition of the shoreline. The study has used photographs and satellite images of the coastline between 1972 and 2010. The shoreline of six of the state's 13 coastal districts has been hit by erosion, with the situation being particularly bad in Villupuram. Experts say coastal villages have been affected by erosion after Puducherry constructed a port. Stretches of coastline north of ports in Chennai, Ennore, Tuticorin and Nagapattinam have also been eroded.Along the eastern coast, waves approaching from the southeast cause the shifting of sediments, mainly sand, in a phenomenon known as littoral drift. This occurs for nine months each year, causing sand to be pushed to the north. During the Northeast Monsoon, between October and December, the waves approach from the northeast, pushing sand from the north to the south. Any construction on the coast interferes with this natural process and causes erosion.The littoral drift in Ennore is 0.35 million cubic metres a year, the highest on Tamil Nadu coast.Seawalls built for about 31km along the coast in Tamil Nadu have protected the shoreline from erosion, but not by much. At least 33% of the Nagapattinam coast and 15% of Kanyakumari are covered by groynes and rubble-mound seawalls, but these districts still face the risk of erosion.Experts say alternate methods should be tried to protect the coast. But V Sundar, of IIT-Madras' department of ocean engineering, said there have been lapses in coastal protection. \"No authority seems to be monitoring coastal protection work,\" he said. \"Port developers get clearances from the ministry of environment and forests without commitments to protect the coast from erosion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15334317", "title": "Uber-premium properties to dot Hebbal in Bangalore now", "text": "BANGALORE: Once the end point of Bangalore city in the north, Hebbal is set to redefine its stature over the next five years. Taking into account launched residential projects and projects that are to be announced in the coming months, with the Hebbal lake as the centre point, a whopping 2,000 residential units, mainly apartments , are set to come up in the area. And what's interesting is that all units are priced above Rs 1 crore, of which close to 1,000 units are priced above Rs 2.5 crore.This development can be geographically split into two parts \u2014 one part of the development is around the Manyata Embassy Business Park, and the other is along a 3-km radius on Bellary Road from the Hebbal lake. As J C Sharma, MD, Sobha Developers, puts it, \"This stretch will be the new M G Road of Bangalore.\" \"Hebbal is where the new Bangalore is going to be. Hence, the demand,\" says Jitendra Virwani, CMD, Embassy Group, adding that most of the infrastructure projects on Bellary road are running ahead of schedule. Besides primary infrastructure, the area has attracted a lot of social infrastructure like high-end hospitals and schools that's fuelling real estate development.\"In the Hebbal micro-market, availability is low in the Rs 60- to Rs 90-lakh segment, and the new products being launched are in the higher price segment of above Rs 1 crore,\" says Karun Varma, MD (Bangalore &amp; Kochi), Jones Lang LaSalle India, a real estate consultancy firm.From clubhouses in the sky to designer homes by Jade Jagger, to apartments that tower 40 floors high, Hebbal's skyline would represent a bespoke luxury lifestyle.Even in times of real-estate ebb, Hebbal is the new destination for those seeking high-end , premium addresses.But why Hebbal? \"Basically , you are targeting the second-home buyer who can't afford to buy on Palace Road or in Sadashivanagar or in any of the other central locations,\" says Cherag Ramakrishnan , CEO, Equinox Realty, who is developing a high-end residential unit, Water's Edge, near Manyata Embassy Business Park. Besides Equinox, Mantri Developers , G:Corp, and Karle have also launched projects in the same vicinity. Golden Gate Properties is also slated to launch a high-end residential project in the area.\"There is a shortage of high-end space within the city limits, and here you have a destination that's 15 to 20 minutes away from the city centre, and has land available,\" adds Jitendra Virwani, CMD, Embassy Group. Bespoke projects from RMZ, Embassy, and Godrej Properties, priced above Rs 2 crore, have been launched along the Bellary highway after the Hebbal flyover. Century , Brigade and Salarpuria have also planned high-end projects in this area. Last year, Sobha launched its mega township project of 1,500 units \u2014 Sobha City \u2014 located off Bellary Road. The average per sqft rates that developers are quoting is in the range of Rs 5,000 per sqft to Rs 8,000 per sqft.\"The airport has definitely magnetized this part of town as it attracts a lot of senior management of companies . Hence, you see the pricing in the area is line with the customer profile,\" says Raj Menda, CMD, RMZ Corp. Interestingly, the spike in residential activity in the region has brought back some amount of investor demand, though developers reiterate that Bangalore's residential market is very much end-user driven.\"There has been a lot of interest from investors from Mumbai and Kolkata for high-end projects in Hebbal,\" says Sudeep Chandran, owner, Terrafirma Developers , adding that 15% to 20% of offtake seen in Hebbal is by investors. However, there are no signs of bulk buying by investors, which could potentially create a price bubble.\"The senior management of IT companies is looking at north Bangalore as an investment opportunity. As of now, they are investors . Once the developments are ready, many of them would become end-users ,\" explains Ram Chandnani, deputy MD of South India CBRE South Asia, a global real estate consultancy firm.Says Farook Mahmood, CMD, Silverline Group, \"Bangalore is turning to be a very mature market, and our prices are still one of the lowest as compared to other metros.\"According to another global consultancy firm Cushman &amp; Wakefield (C&W;), \"The purchases in Hebbal are mostly led by long-term investors and the prices have appreciated consequently.\" Considering the first two quarters of 2012, C&W; says, \"Hebbal has witnessed a price appreciation of around 8% in the high-end residential segment.\"However, the city's eastern micro-markets such as Marathahalli, Whitefield, and Old Airport Road have witnessed the highest price appreciation of 32% year on year, which is in the mid-segment residential market, according to C&amp;W.;", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15333183", "title": "Lab-grown skin to help burn victims", "text": "LONDON: In some good news for burn victims and sufferers of skin-related conditions, replacement skin may soon be easily available as scientists have engineered artificial skin by mixing biomaterials.Researchers from the University of Toronto are growing centimetres of artificial skin at a time, a huge step-up from previous techniques which could grow just microns at a time, the Daily Mail reported.The researchers are able to grow sheets of skin by placing individual cells into a gel-like sheet, and they can even be grown into specific shapes - such as letters.\"There's a lot of interest in soft materials, particularly biomaterials, but until now no one has demonstrated a simple and scalable one-step process to go from microns to centimetres,\" Axel Guenther, associate professor in the University, was quoted by the paper as saying.The study is published in the journal Advanced Materials. To perfect the technique biomaterials were mixed, causing a chemical reaction that forms a 'mosaic hydrogel' - a sheet-like substance compatible with the growth of cells into living tissues, into which different types of cells can be seeded in very precise and controlled placements.This is unlike more typical methods, for instance scaffolding, where cells are seeded onto an artificial structure capable of supporting three-dimensional tissue formation.In this process, cells are planted onto the mosaic hydrogel sheets as they are being created - generating the perfect conditions for cells to grow. The placement of the cells is so precise that scientists can spell words and can precisely mimic the natural placement of cells in living tissues. \"In this case, when we put the cells in the right places we create cellular organization quite naturally,\" Lian Leng, lead author said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "15333137", "title": "Now, border districts also celebrate Rakshabandhan", "text": "JODHPUR: Celebration of the festival of Rakshabandhan in the villages of border districts like Barmer and Jaisalmer, which have earned nation-wide infamy for slaughtering girls in the womb, signifies a change in perception towards the girls here. The residents of these villages are beginning to understand the importance of girls. Though late, it is a welcome change.The change took ages to set in these Rajput (Thakur) dominant villages, namely, Dewada, Basia, Jhinjhinyali, Singhdar, Randha, Moda, Kunda, Gajesingh ka gaanv, Mogha, Chelak and Tejmalta, etc., which were literally devoid of girls about a decade back. \"But now the people have changed their outlook and social awareness has come about due to initiatives taken by the government in this direction,\" said Uttam Singh Bhati of Dewada.The villagers, who hardly allowed girls out of the houses, if they were lucky to survive, are now sending them to schools and even to distant places for higher education. Almost every house in these villages has a daughter now. Headmaster of an upper primary school of Dewada, Devaram Meghwal said there was hardly any girl in this school about five years back but today 35 girls are enrolled here. The story is same in other villages, too.Villagers attribute this change to the local youth getting education, taking up government jobs and moving out of the villages to work. \"Besides governmental initiatives, the locals going out into the world has helped change perception about girls,\" an elderly villager Mal Singh Bhati said.He said earlier Raksha Bandhan did not feature in the list of Hindu festivals and we would know about it only when a \"brahman\" came to tie \"Rakhi\" on our wrists. But the villagers now have their own sisters to tie rakhis for them. Today, Sinhdar has 20 girls, Dewada has 43 girls and Basia boasts of 30.Former member of the Panchayat Samiti Durjan Singh Bhati said though we were deprived of the pious thread of Raksha Bandhan, we are happy that the boys of the new generation are fortunate enough enjoy the festival along with their sisters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15331928", "title": "Speed up cases of tainted babus: DoPT to ministries", "text": "NEW DELHI: Worried about the graft taint hurting UPA's image, the government is pushing for a host of changes in vigilance operations within ministries. It has ordered each ministry to define and set up new mechanisms to curb corruption in its respective department. The government has also ordered speedier sanction for prosecution of officials and strengthening vigilance divisions in each ministry.In a series of directives from the cabinet secretariat and the department of personnel and training (DoPT), all the ministries have been asked to take additional steps to mitigate chances of corruption and increase transparency in their functions. The ministries have been asked to report on the actions taken and changes undertaken.The orders from the top echelons of government come at a time when UPA's bouquet of anti-graft legislations are caught at various stages and several corruption-related accusation and cases have taken a beating on the ruling alliance's image.Alongside, the DoPT has ordered that decisions on prosecuting officials for graft be fast-tracked. It has informed the ministries that \"protracted correspondence made by the administrative ministries with the CBI/CVC for clarifications, reconsiderations etc are strictly not necessary and disciplinary authority can, in most cases, take a decision on the basis of records which are available with it.\"The DoPT has warned that it has noted ministries tend to first reject the request for prosecuting government officers in graft cases and subsequently seek advice on the matter from the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC). It also warned that ministries do not adhere to the stipulated timeframe of three months to take final view.The department has asked all ministries not to use the CVC as a ruse and take tentative view on the issue of starting prosecution against its officers and conclude a final decision within three months once it receives advice from the CVC.In order to reduce the time taken in decision-making, the DoPT has also asked the authorities not to entertain endless representations from the officers under suspicion. Besides, it asked for a monitoring cell to be set up in each ministry and department to keep a tab on the pending graft cases on a daily basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15334327", "title": "Sachin boost for players ahead of Chess Olympiad", "text": "MUMBAI: The one hour that Sachin Tendulkar spent with the Indian team that will take part in the 14th Chess Olympiad for the Blind and Visually Impaired provided the players with a big motivational boost on Thursday.Charudatta Jadhav, general secretary of All India Chess Federation for the Blind and his colleagues couldn't hide their joy at meeting the cricket legend.\"It's a great day for all of us. Sachin has been a great source of inspiration and spending an hour with him ahead of a world meet makes us all the more proud. If seeing is believing, we shall show the world what India is capable of both as a host and in competition,\" said Jadhav.This is the first time that India will host the Olympiad (in Chennai from Aug 9-19) for the visually impaired since it was launched in 1961. Since then, India has created the world's only software that has audio with navigator that helps players round the globe.On his part, Tendulkar said he himself was a keen chess enthusiast, though not a very successful one. \"One of my uncle was involved in chess as an official and he also wrote a book on chess.\"Recently, my son (Arjun) took a liking to chess and soon became serious at it. So much so that we even had to enroll him for chess classes. But then, like most kids, he moved to football and now cricket,\" said Tendulkar.Talking about the Olympiad, he wished the Indian team and stressed that good wishes from chess legend Viswanathan Anand should act as a boost to their hopes. \"I feel proud and confident that these players will bring India greater results,\" said Tendulkar.The Olympiad will feature 25 international masters, 5 international women masters and 120 world chess federation rated players from across 30 nations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15337527", "title": "Collegians give campus dog a fond farewell", "text": "MUMBAI: The students of Kelkar Vaze College in Mulund, Mumbai, suffered heartbreak when a pet dog on campus was killed by a speeding vehicle.Mourning the apathy of civic officials who failed to arrive despite repeat reminders, the youngsters gave the animal a decent burial in a nearby maidan. A wave of memories surges as the teenagers recall the incident. The female dog had clean white fur marked with chocolate brown patches, thereby earning the moniker Patchy. Each passing batch had become fond of the little pup that was raised on campus.They fed her canteen snacks and were rewarded with a grateful look and slobbery licks. A few days ago, the students arrived for morning lectures to discover that the dog had been run over by a car the previous evening and lay dead outside the college gate all night.Tanvi Shinde of the FYBMM class says the animal was alive for a full half hour before it succumbed to injury. Shortly after the accident, a local resident had telephoned the civic authorities who failed to show up. Upon their arrival the next morning, the students followed up with the stray dog unit, again to no avail. The office of a local NGO would open after 10.00 am, and meanwhile, the sight of the dear departed getting soaked under heavy rain was too much to bear. The students decided to bury the animal in an open ground behind the college premises. As it turned out, they spotted a snake catcher passing by and sought his help. A proper pit was dug and Patchy was laid to rest in the neighbourhood that loved her so well.The story does not end there, though. A girl who owns four dogs was so heartbroken she got Patchy's name tattooed on her person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15334001", "title": "Team Anna intentions good, but better leadership needed: Balasaheb Darade", "text": "NAGPUR: US-returned entrepreneur and Buldhana zilla parishad (ZP) member Balasaheb Darade is a poster boy of Team Anna's movement. The 'idea' of an US-settled engineer returning home to set things right was being sold at various meetings of India Against Corruption (IAC) across the country to exhort youth to play their part for the nation. The 28-year-old Darade says it was Anna Hazare's movement that brought him home and his resolve to do more for his village led him to contest ZP elections.After having spent four days at New Delhi participating in current agitation, Darade feels Team Anna's decision to provide a political alternative to people was long overdue. \"We cannot always keep saying politicians are bad, their decisions are wrong and that they should vacate the seats of power. You can't have an empty seat up there - we need to give an alternative to people. Young, educated people should start getting involved in politics and only then real change can be achieved,\" said Darade.While he is a strong Anna supporter, Darade feels the team has a long way to go politically. \"Team Anna has a good heart, good intentions but stronger leadership and experience is needed. Winning elections is just the first step. The tougher part starts later. You have to implement your promises and deliver good governance. All of this requires vision and strong leadership,\" said Darade.At the Jantar Mantar agitation venue, Darade addressed the crowds appealing for a resolve to bring in a stronger leadership. Even though his involvement with Team Anna is deep, talk about contesting elections on their platform and Darade prefers to take a rain check. \"I am close to other people as well, like Baba Ramdev, Sri Sri Ravi Shankar , Bacchu Kadu etc. I will need to take everyone's advice and seek their support before I decide to contest election on someone's platform. But I don't think Anna will ever float his own political party. He will prefer to choose a citizens' candidate,\" said Darade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15333061", "title": "Drawing and disbursement officers skip principal accountant-general meet to discuss pension, provident fund", "text": "NASHIK: In a departure from the norm, drawing and disbursement officers (DDOs) stayed away from a meeting called by Meenakshi Mishra, the principal accountant-general (AG) of Maharashtra. The DDOs sent junior officials, prompting her to express anguish.Citing poor response of the DDOs and pensioners at a meeting organized to raise awareness about formalities and reduce anomalies related to pensions and provident funds, Mishra said, \"This is a matter of concern and will be taken into account.\" Of the 200-odd officers present, most were representatives of DDOs and not DDOs themselves.However, senior officials from DDO said that the AG's office had communicated about the programme - that included pension adalat inviting pensioners to raise their queries- to the local treasury office only five days back. \"The turnout was less because proper publicity was not done before the event,\" the official said.An official further informed that the electronic fund transfer (EFT) system is being implemented in the state with the help of core-banking facilities. \"The system is being upgraded and within six months, the pensioners will get pension directly credited to their accounts without having to queue in front of banks or offices,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15336389", "title": "'Missing' RSS chief Sudarshan located in Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: Former Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) chief K S Sudarshan, who has gone missing from Mysore early on Friday, has been traced. He is believed to have lost his way while walking.Sudarshan was found at Kesare in Narasimharaja Mohalla, some seven kms from Nazarbad where he is staying. Police commissioner K L Sudhreer rushed to the spot and took him in his vehicle to his residence.The octogenarian leader, who has been in the city since August 1, went for a morning stroll from his brother Ramesh's house in Nazarbad at 5.15am and did not return. According to police commissioner K L Sudhreer, the leader's family members informed the police at 8am.Sudarshan's gunman didn't accompany him when he left for the stroll from Century Park, a gated property, the police stated. It is his routine that he leaves for morning stroll by 5am when he is in Mysore and gets back by 7am, a police official said. Security guard Mahadev had noticed him leave the gated property.Sudarshan participated in a meeting of the RSS leaders on Thursday and later visited Chamundi Hills. According to BJP MLC G Madhusudhan, Sudarshan is suffering from amnesia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15333836", "title": "Green step: All traffic lights in city to run on solar power", "text": "NOIDA: In about two weeks, all traffic signals in the city will run on solar power. The decision was taken by Noida Authority and the district traffic police in a bid to minimize traffic snarls. At present, 38 of the total 79 signals are powered by solar energy.The matter was recently approved in the Authority's board meeting. The procedure is expected to be completed within a fortnight. The plan was initially proposed about five years back and about 25 traffic signals that are maintained by the Authority were powered by solar energy at the time. However, following the recent collapse of major power grids and the resultant failure of traffic signals, authorities have decided to take a step forward to ensure a \"100 percent power back-up arrangement.\"\"Frequent power disruption in Noida often leads to non-functioning of traffic signals at various intersections causing inconvenience to both commuters as well as the traffic police. Once all signals are run by solar energy, this problem will be solved,\" said Sanjiv Saran, CEO, Noida Authority. While the cost of converting a traffic signal into a solar powered one is between Rs12 lakh and Rs15 lakh \u2014 much more than the cost of installing a regular traffic signal \u2014 in the long run, solar panels offer significant savings on energy consumption and costs. Solar panels bank on a renewable source of energy and light up the signals uninterruptedly, thus preventing traffic chaos. \"These are easy to maintain and eventually they turn out to be more economical,\" Saran added.Meanwhile, to streamline traffic flow, \"particularly during peak hours,\" traffic police has proposed to upgrade its computerized area traffic control system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "15336445", "title": "Jharkhand govt to raise BIT Sindri student intake", "text": "SINDRI: The science and technology department of the state has directed the BIT Sindri administration to prepare a short and long-term growth plan for the overall development of this only government engineering college of the state.Giving this information, director (science and technology) Dr Arun Kumar told TOI late on Wednesday that the state government had decided to increase the intake strength of the institute from 690 a year currently to 10,000 a year in a phased manner. \"For this we need to assess the requirement of teachers and other supporting staff besides infrastructural facilities including classrooms, laboratories and hostels and work on a time bound future plan for the next ten years. Once we get the basic information, the department is contemplating to rope in the services of some consultants to make full use of the sprawling institute campus spread over 460 acres of land for giving it a look of a quality institution,\" he added.Dr Kumar admitted that repair and maintenance work at the institute hostels had not been carried out since long. He said he would try his level best to improve the condition of institute hostels by getting it repaired in this fiscal itself. Funds for construction of a hostel and academic block have already been released long back but it is unfortunate that the construction work has not been started till date. Construction of IT building is hanging in balance since long as the building construction department has increased the estimated cost for construction of the rest of the portion by 59 percent leading to an inquiry, he informed adding that the department wants to see it completed at the earliest and was ready to bear the expenses.Replying to a query on dearth of teachers, Dr Kumar said the department had sent the proposal to the personnel department and once it is cleared, it would be sent to JPSC for initiating the appointment process. \"We are very concerned about impact on quality of teaching in the institute due to dearth of teachers but at the same time it is also true that very few talented people are interested in joining the teaching profession,\" he added. He also admitted that new post of teachers has not been sanctioned despite increase in intake strength after formation of Jharkhand and said the department was working on reassessment and restructuring the requirement of teachers and other supporting staff according to new curriculum. While so many posts may get abolished, many more new posts need to be created in the changed scenario, he said.Asked about the fate of three new government engineering colleges to be opened at Dumka, Chaibasa and Ramgarh, the director informed that the AICTE had submitted its deficiency report after inspection but it would be difficult to fulfil them soon. He, however, informed that post of teachers and other supporting staff for these colleges has already been sanctioned and the requirement had been sent to the JPSC for initiating appointment process. The state government is also tossing with the idea of running these colleges in PPP mode, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15332942", "title": "Karnataka government gets notice for rain puja", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court ordered notice to the chief minister and muzrai minister with regard to a PIL challenging the July 20 government order to spend over Rs 17.5 crore of public money in 35,000 temples across Karnataka for prayers for rain.HS Neelakantappa, a resident of Kadur in Chikmagalur district, said the government should think of a scientific approach like cloud-seeding. \"The state government is trying to conduct pujas. It's not going to yield any rain. They are aware of the drought in the state. Wasting public money for such pujas is very inappropriate,\" he argued.Through the order, the government ordered for pujas, comprising Varuna Mantra, Jalabhisheka and Parjanya Japa, on July 27 and in August.Submit material on foreign tour of MLAsA division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Thursday asked the petitioner to submit details, particularly any violation of law with regard to proposed foreign tours by MLAs. HS Neelakantappa, a resident of Chickmagalur, filed a PIL claiming that the amount estimated Rs 15 crore to be spent on foreign tour can be used for helping the drought affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15336787", "title": "BTC violence triggered by demographic war: Vijay", "text": "GUWAHATI: Even as chief minister Tarun Gogoi and Union home minister P Chidambaram denied the involvement of Bangladeshi infiltrators in the recent ethnic clashes in the Bodoland Territorial Council areas, the BJP on Thursday alleged that the violence was caused by \"demographic\" aggression\" from the neighbouring country.BJP Rajya Sabha MP and national spokesperson Tarun Vijay told mediapersons here that the violence in BTC was a \"demographic war\" not only against the Bodos, but against the entire country.\"I went to Kokrajhar and the situation I saw there was a clear demographic war waged by the Bangladeshi immigrants against the indigenous people of BTC. It is war not only against the Bodos or Assam alone, but against the entire country. Our appeal is that people of all communities and ethnicities should stay united against such aggression for the interest of the nation,\" Vijay alleged.Vijay's remark came close on the heels of former deputy prime minister and BJP senior leader L K Advani's statement that violence in BTC was an Indian-versus-foreigners issue and said that unabated infiltration from Bangladesh caused the riots.Following Advani's comment, the chief minister in a strong rebuttal on Wednesday said: \"I totally disagree with Advani's statement that the there were infiltrators involved in the clashes. The conflict was between Indian citizens. Advani wants to play communal politics. It is very unfortunate that he should play such politics at such a time,\" Gogoi said.Gogoi also accused Advani of playing communal politics at a time when reconciliation and rehabilitation of the affected people were the need of the hour.Even Chidambaram on Monday said he did not subscribe to the view that the clash was the handiwork of immigrants from the neighbouring country. The Union finance minister (then home) said that influx has sharply come down because of intensified border guarding to check infiltration from Bangladesh.Vijay, however, asked the state government to rise above party differences in implementing the Supreme Court's directives on detection and deportation of illegal foreigners in the state.He also demanded review of Assam's land policy to prevent land going into the hands of infiltrators. The BJP leader claimed that Hindus and tribals in Dhubri district of Assam have become a minority because of influx from Bangladesh.Vijay also said that he has taken up the responsibility of sponsoring the education of 10 Bodo children and promised that his party would raise the issue of influx in the forthcoming session of Parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15332582", "title": "Punjabi youth 'sold\u2019 in Kuwait returns, narrates woes", "text": "JALANDHAR: Rackets involving Indian travel agents seem to be thriving in \"selling\" Indians in Kuwait, after taking them there on the pretext of getting employed in companies. A Punjabi youth, who understood Arabic language after to his stay in Libya for six years, could escape from his owner after he learned that he was actually sold to a prospective employer by the Punjabi agent there.Daljit Singh of Bhamipur Kalan village near Jagraon said that he was sent to Kuwait by two travel agents - one a woman of Dhaner village near Barnala and other of Delhi \u2014 with the promise that he would be employed in a company there as a mason.\"My family took a loan of Rs 45,000 for sending me there. After I reached Kuwait on July 2, I was received by the woman agent's brother Manjit, who took me to a slaughter house on the Kuwait-Saudi border. Manjit took Dirham 200 and left me with the employer. But I overheard the Kuwaiti man talking in Arabic and saying that he had purchased me and that I would now have to work with him for the entire life without getting anything,\" Daljit said in presence of SAD's senior vice president and former Union minister Balwant Singh Ramoowalia, who later arranged his return to India with the help of Indian officials in Kuwait.\"I did not tell the owner that I could understand him. I somehow managed to give a call to the human trafficker, Manjit, and protested that I had been sent to the border area where there were no Indians and the living conditions were very hostile. He refused to listen to me. I then called up my family here, who contacted Ramoowalia,\" he said.\"When I asked the Kuwaiti man to release me, he said that first I would have the pay the price for which he had bought me. Finally, agent Manjit's family got another Rs 45,000 and then he paid back Dirham 200 to the Kuwaiti owner, after which I was released,\" he said.\"I spent Rs 90,000 in total on this nine-day trip as Rs 45,000 cash was charged by the travel agent as his fee and remaining Rs 45,000 they charged as other expenses,\" said Daljeet. \"Ramoowalia had already contacted Indian officials there and then I was flown back on July 31,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15334337", "title": "Rallies banned at Palace Grounds in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: The state government issued orders on Thursday prohibiting all commercial activities and political rallies at the Palace Grounds from Friday.Announcing this in the legislative council, housing minister V Somanna said: \"From Friday, all commercial activities will be prohibited at the Palace Grounds. Permission will be given only to celebrate auspicious occasions like marriage, reception and birthday.\" All permanent structures in the ground will be razed.He made the statement after JD(S) leader MC Nanaiah and opposition chief whip R V Venkatesh said Supreme Court guidelines had been violated and many private persons, in collusion with officials, were illegally making money by permitting commercial activities in the ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15332714", "title": "Agnivesh gets HC relief", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Thursday confirmed the bail of Swami Agnivesh , who is an accused in a case of hurting religious sentiments. Agnivesh was on interim bail till now. After Thursday's orders, there will be a complete stay on his arrest.The case against Agnivesh is pending before a local court in Hansi subdivision of Hisar district in Haryana. A case under Section 295A of IPC was registered against him on May 23, 2011, in Hansi for calling Amarnath Yatra a religious deception.The Haryana government has already declined to accord sanction for his prosecution in the matter. The decision, not to prosecute Agnivesh, was taken by the government on May 14 and intimated to the high court recently.On August 29, 2011, the court of sub divisional judicial magistrate of Hansi had issued a non-bailable warrant against Agnivesh. On September 19, a Hansi court had also initiated the proceedings to declare him a proclaimed offender, as he failed to join the investigations. However, Agnivesh approached the HC and was granted interim bail. HC dismissed his petition seeking quashing of FIR and held that \"prima facie a case under Section 295 A of IPC is made out against Agnivesh, because such utterances certainly hurt the religious feeling of Hindus who undertake the holy Amarnath Yatra\".Now, Agnivesh would face the trial before the lower court but there will be complete stay on his arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15331864", "title": "Private hospitals fuel C-section epidemic", "text": "An epidemic of caesarean deliveries seems to have overtaken hospitals and government data indicates that private hospitals are largely responsible for this. According to the recently released Annual Health Survey deliveries by caesarean sections (C-section) are 3 to 10 times more prevalent in private institutions compared to government institutions.In several states, the gap is jaw dropping. In Assam, only 10 percent of deliveries in government hospitals were by C-section while in private hospitals, the share was 41 percent. Similarly, in Bihar only 3 percent of deliveries were done by C-section in government hospitals while this share rose to 22 percent in private hospitals.The data was collected in a huge survey carried out by the Census office during July 2010 and March 2011 covering a sample of 1.8 crore people spread over 284 districts in 9 states - Assam, Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Madya Pradesh, Odisha, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand. These are states with poor health outcomes in the past and have been targeted by both the government as well as non-governmental agencies for special attention.Previous surveys have shown that at the national level, C-section make up about 9 percent of all deliveries but with huge regional variations, and also, a large rural-urban differential. Clearly, as private facilities have expanded, so has the rate of operated deliveries.A Caesarean section is the technical name for delivering a baby by operating the mother under anesthesia rather than allowing normal labor and delivery. It is recommended in cases where there is distress due to wrong positioning of the baby in the womb, obstruction, etc. On an average, a caesarean delivery costs anything upward of Rs 25,000.Why is this happening? Public health experts were aghast at these figures and blamed the irrational practices of the private sector. There is complete lack of regulation of services being provided by the private sector, said pediatrician Vandana Prasad, convenor of National Public Health Resource Network.\"No one knows what private hospitals are doing, why they are doing it, at what cost and how rational it is. The problem is that there is no system for oversight. These figures reflect an obvious problem and are far higher than expected in the private sector,\" adds Prasad.While there is no doubt that these are appallingly high figures of C-section in the private sector, there is need to consider the failing public health facilities too, says public health expert Amit Sengupta.\"Poor facilities at the CHC (community health center) level in the rural areas may force people to go to private hospitals,\" he says.According to WHO standards, 10-15 percent C-section rates are acceptable. The AHS data shows that in the public sector, these rates are much lower, while there is compensation in the private sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15333899", "title": "Jewellery shop looted by seven armed miscreants", "text": "NAGPUR: A dramatic break-in at a jewellery shop at Chitnispura near Zenda Chowk early on the rain-drenched Thursday morning raised serious questions about the night patrolling by city police. Seven armed miscreants arrived in a car and decamped with valuables worth Rs4 lakh. The men were carrying a sword, and threatened a local trader who was witnessed the incident.Despite presence of seven people in the break-in, it was not clear why Kotwali police did not register a case of dacoity. Senior inspector RA Tayde of Kotwali police station refuted the theory of seven persons being involved in the incident. He said that the complaint lodged by the owner two people had come in the car. Kotwali police have registered the case as housebreaking and theft.Ketan Rewatkar, who owns a decoration business, claims to have seen seven armed miscreants arrive in a new car, whose number plate had been masked with mud, and only two numbers '44' were visible. \"I was trying to see who had put on the lights in the nearby temple when the car arrived. Two men emerged, with one carrying an iron rod while the other had a bag. They spotted me trying to raise an alarm. Another person emerged from the car with a sword, so I ran into the room,\" said Rewatkar.The local trader tried to call '100' to alert the police control room but was unable to get through. \"It took me 15 minutes to call up cops from Kotwali police station but the miscreants had driven away by then,\" said Rewatkar.Owner of the jewellery shop Mukesh Modhsaraf said he had rushed to the place after being informed by Rewatkar. \"The miscreants broke the locks of the channel gate and the shutter inside to gain entry into the shop. Inside the shop, the miscreants damaged the glass showcases to decamp with valuables,\" said Modhsaraf. The jewellery shop owner, who had shifted his shop from Hansapuri around a year-end-half ago, said that due to financial constraints closed circuit televisions had not been installed.Tehsil police have also registered offences against unidentified miscreants after attempts were to loot eight shops at Maskasath also. Attempts have been made on shops in the same locality in the past too. It is learnt that cash counters of some shops were broken into.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15335408", "title": "Ayaan becomes proud 'pa' of twins; Abeer and Zohaan", "text": "Sarod player Ayaan Ali Khan is on cloud nine. On Wednesday, his wife, Neema, delivered twins. Needless to say, Neema and Ayaan are only too happy to embrace parenthood.Says Ayaan, \"Our sons were born on Wednesday afternoon. By god's grace, all went well. Neema is doing good too.\" And have they named the little darlings? \"Oh! yes. We have zereod in on two names \u2014 Zohaan and Abeer! The names were decided by us and the family. While Zohaan means gift of god, Abeer means colour.The nurseries are ready back home and Ayaan is waiting to bring home the little ones. \"They will be home in a couple of days,\" he says. And who do little ones resemble? \"Their features resemble a bit of both of us,\" Ayaan says.Music, of course, runs in their blood. Ustad Amjad Ali Khan sang into their ears after birth. \"Abba sang 'raag bilawal sargams' followed by me. Everyone is ecstatic. I have taken a break for a month. I will be leaving for concerts in the US in the middle of September,\" says the proud pa!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15331973", "title": "National Institute of Design to help Swiss varsity tackle social issues using animation", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Adrian Frutiger, the Swiss graphic design legend, designed the logo of the National Institute of Design (NID) in the early 60s. Fifty years later, a Swiss institute has been inspired by NID's graphic, illustration and animation education and has teamed up with the Ahmedabad-based institute to address social development issues through animation.Lucerne Universityp of Applied Sciences and Arts has formed a partnership with NID to work on social and welfare issues using graphic design, video, illustration and animation. The two institutes will also conduct research in fields of applied design including bamboo products and vegetable dyes.Sekhar Mukherjee, faculty of communication design at NID, said, \"For the Swiss, technology is not an issue as they are well-equipped, but putting method into their applied design is important. NID will add to their expertise and help with social development issues. We will also work together on sustainable craft and textiles.\"In June, Lucerne invited NID as a guest institute and gave them a special space on campus for an exhibition. The exhibition was an opportunity for NID to display the philosophy, culture and history of NID to Switzerland .\"NID was the first Indian design school to be a part of the school there,\" said Pradyumna Vyas, director, NID.Originally, the institute was named 'National Design Institute', however, the institute re-named itself to match Adrian Frutiger's stylized NID logo alongside the name 'National Institute of Design'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332964", "title": "Dey murder accused's bail plea rejected", "text": "MUMBAI: The special Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act (MCOCA) court on Thursday rejected the bail application of Paulson Joseph arrested in the 2011 murder of journalist J Dey.Paulson is an alleged aide of fugitive don Chhota Rajan and had supplied SIM cards to another accused. It is the prosecution's case that Rajan had ordered the murder.Another accused in the case, scribe Jigna Vora, was granted bail by the same courton July 27. She is the only accused in the case to be granted bail so far.Paulson had said since Vora has granted bail, he too should be given bail. However, the court did not accept this ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15333727", "title": "New fast food unit at Charbagh station soon", "text": "LUCKNOW: Charbagh station will soon get a fast food unit. The Lucknow division of Northern Railway has bagged the consent of the headquarters to open the unit at the station.The Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corportation (IRCTC) might begin the tendering process soon. \"We have informed our corporate office that tendering for a fast food unit at Lucknow station can start,\" said Manoj Sinha, chief regional manager, IRCTC Lucknow. The fast food unit will provide passengers quick meals.This will be in addition to Comesum and Jan-Aahar, the two IRCTC food outlets already functional at the station. As per the new catering policy, IRCTC can run either a food plaza or food court or fast food units at stations. IRCTC had planned to open a food court at Charbagh but that did not materialise due to lack of proper site. A food plaza, Comesum, already exists at the station.Northern Railway has provided space at the second class booking for the fast food unit. The unit will have automatic dispensing machines. But unlike Comesum, it will not have seating arrangements for passengers.The Lucknow office of IRCTC has to open 32 fast food units at stations including Lucknow, Varanasi, Allahabad and Izzatnagar. IRCTC has also identified a few sites at Varanasi to open such units. On the variety of food to be provided at fast food units, IRCTC has to finalise the menu. The units will add to passenger amenities at the station, as passengers can carry the ready-to-take food on their journey as well. The ready-to-take food might also not cost more as IRCTC will make efforts to keep it economical.Though presently only Charbagh station is getting the unit, Lucknow Junction station might also get one in the coming days. Besides, IRCTC Lucknow might also start a food plaza at stations where the facility is not available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15336868", "title": "Checking at railway station after Pune blasts", "text": "KANPUR: A checking drive was launched by Railway Protection Force and Government Railway Police at Kanpur Central Railway Station on Thursday morning, after blasts in Pune on Wednesday evening. Security was beefed up. The checking, which commenced at around 11.30 am, continued for more than an hour. The entire railway station, including the circulating area, passenger waiting halls, ticket booking halls, platforms and other places were thoroughly checked. Hand-held metal detectors were used during the operation. Dog squad was also pressed into service to check every nook and corner of the railway station.Several trains were also checked. Luggage was also checked. The passengers were frisked on the platforms. People moving on the railway platforms were asked to show ticket. Those who could not show the ticket were frisked thoroughly and released.No security personnel were present at the entry gate on the Cantt side of the station. The door-frame metal detector was also not functioning. The security drill was a mere eyelash. Meanwhile, the police intensified the vigil in the city. Both heavy and light were checked. Car owners were asked to get the vehicles checked before being allowed to leave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15333749", "title": "UP Haj quota raised by 3,000 seats", "text": "LUCKNOW: The haj quota for Uttar Pradesh has been raised by 3,000. This is for the second time that UP's quota has been increased.An announcement to this effect was given by minister for minority welfare Azam Khan here on Thursday. Talking to reporters, Khan said the quota has been increased by the Union government on the request made by the Akhilesh government.Chairman, State Haj Committee, Tanveer Ahmed Siddiqui said the lottery for the allocated 25,359 seats was held on May 15 last. Following persistent efforts by the state government, the Haj Committee of India added another 5,589 seats. And now, another 3,000 seats have been added. Thus, some 8,500 people in the waiting-list would be able to go on haj this year.The minister also reviewed preparations being made to send pilgrims on haj. He warned officials of dire consequences in case of laxity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15336615", "title": "Court denies former Jharkhand CM Madhu Koda permission to attend Parliament", "text": "RANCHI: Former chief minister Madhu Koda was denied permission by the special vigilance court to attend monsoon session of the Parliament.Rejecting his application the court of Justice ARK Sinha, however, allowed him to participate in the vice presidential election.The court has directed state government to make arrangements for Koda to go to Delhi on August 6 and cast his vote the next day during the vice presidential elections.He has to report to the jail authorities by August 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15337175", "title": "Heaps of garbage lying unattended in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: While the Varanasi Nagar Nigam is claiming 650 MT collection of garbage from the city to the Solid Waste Management (SWM) plant at Kadsada village, heavy amount of garbage lying is unattended on roads. The garbage blocking the pathway, overflowing dustbins and almost overfedded 18 regional collection centres (RCCs) are a great put off for the tall claims of VNN.Even after the officials of VNN ensured hygienic and better sanitary conditions during the consecutive auspicious months of Shrawan and Ramdaan, city had no respite from heaps of garbage and clutter. The RCC at Benibagh, which tops the list of unhygienic places in the city, was overflowing to such an extent that the garbage dumped in it blocked the entire road and led to heavy traffic congestion. Notably, while the area connects prominent places like Kabir Chaura, Badi Piyari with Nai Sadak, Chetganj and Gowdowlia, years-old maternity hospital operated by VNN and unit of Red Cross Society, which ought to be strictly hygienic, also lie in the same area in front of RCC.Apart from this, situation was almost similar at RCC at Sonia, Maldahiya, Rewari Talab. Meanwhile, roads in front of Bharat Mata Mandir, District Hospital for Women, SPG divisional hospital, Ravindrapuri, were also found covered with huge amount of filth and garbage disturbing the traffic and routine life. When municipal commissioner, PK Pandey was contacted, he avoided to comment saying that he was out of station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15338497", "title": "Illegal animal trading on the rise", "text": "HYDERABAD: More than a week after Nag Panchami, city organisations working for animal welfare are still busy rescuing captured animals as activists reported an increase in illegal animal trading activity in various areas after the festival and have their hands full tracking down the offenders.Mahesh Agarwal, member of AP State Animal Welfare Board and secretary of Sahyog organisation for animals said that after Nag Panchami they had caught two individuals in Balamrai who were trying to sell black buck's antlers, tusks of two wild boars, python and rat snake skin, one fox head and one live scorpion. \"We have also managed to nab three more people who captured wild animals illegally from Ibrahimpatnam and Karimnagar. A monitor lizard was rescued from two persons at Ibrahimpatnam on July 26 and the dealers were handed over to the forest range officer, Hyderabad south. Their vehicles were also seized,\" Agarwal said. Further, they also managed to rescue one mongoose, two rat snakes and one Indian cobra from a street performer in Karimnagar. While the performer who is from Warangal was arrested, his accomplice managed to escape and is absconding.He said that this was the season for monitor lizards and there is great demand for them as udumu kura, a dish made with the reptile's meat, is a famous rural delicacy and is rumoured to increase one's libido after consumption. Talking about upcoming plans, Agarwal said that they were planning to visit Medak and some dhabas on the outskirts of Hyderabad as they have received information about dealers trading monitor lizards there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15338320", "title": "Mammootty to play Marthandan Puthran", "text": "Assistant Director Marthandan is all set to direct a movie 'Marthandan Puthran' all by himself this time. Megastar Mammootty will be seen in and as Marthandan Puthran.Benny P Nayrambalam has penned down the script. The film is a complete entertainer and shooting for the film will start by January. Source: keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15336890", "title": "Police grope in dark in Taranjeet murder case", "text": "LUDHIANA: The police investigation in the murder case of Taranjeet Kaur, an elderly woman who was killed in Model House on July 31, hasn't witnessed any significant developments so far. Station house officer of Model Town Ashok Kumar said they are going through the CCTV footage, but have not recovered any major clue from the same yet. The police are yet to even ascertain the exact time of Taranjeet's death, he said.The preliminary investigation has revealed Taranjeet's elder son Sukhdeep, a drug addict, had a love marriage, but his wife committed suicide when she came face to face with his addiction and other abusive nature, said the SHO, adding \"We have questioned Sukhdeep's in laws as well.\"Additional commissioner of police (crime) Harjinder Singh said the investigation so far suggests Taranjeet's murder may involve prominent participation of an insider of the family. Sukhdeep is under rehabilitation for his drug addiction at a rehab in Uttarakhand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15332776", "title": "Govt ready for panel probe into Palace Grounds misuse", "text": "BANGALORE: The government is not averse to the formation of a House committee to inquire into the illegalities committed in renting out Palace Grounds, but it wants to seek legal opinion before doing so, housing minister V Somanna informed the legislative council on Thursday. The government will convene a meeting headed by legislative council chairman D H Shankaramurthy and comprising the opposition leaders of the council and the assembly, chief minister, law minister and the officials concernedto discuss the issue and decide the future course of action.\"Till the meeting is held, the officials have to follow Supreme Court guidelines while issuing permission for auspicious programmes. It should be done after getting the consent of the chief secretary,'' Somanna said.Opposition leaders MC Nanaiah and RV Venkatesh made an elaborate presentation on how the Palace Grounds has been misused. According to the court's interim order, the ground can be given on temporary lease, hire or rent (for a maximum of three days) with the government's prior permission. Of the total 468 acres, only 30 acres should be rented out; no permanent structure should come up.\"More than 100 acres is being used for commercial purposes. Star City and Fun World have erected permanent structures and are functioning for several years. A marriage party package costs Rs 50-75 lakh, and there are 25 marriage halls in the ground. Unauthorized persons are earning Rs 50-70 lakh a day, while the government is losing crores,'' Nanaiah fumed.Venkatesh was so upset that he had come to the House with a resignation letter. \"If the government proves it is implementing one of the eight conditions laid out by the SC for granting permission, I will resign from the membership of the House. Besides causing financial losses to the government, commercial activities are causing huge traffic jams and inconveniencing people,'' he said.Chairman D H Shankaramurthy sent back his resignation, advising him not to get emotional.Guidelines FOR USE* Only 30 acres should be used for temporary lease, hire or rent.* Government permission should be taken 30 days in advance.* No trees should be cut, and no damage should be caused to the landscape* Temporary structures should be dismantled immediately after a programme ends.* No political rallies should be held.* Shouldn't be used for commercial purposes.LEGAL WRANGLEJanuary 15, 1996: State government issues an order to acquire Palace Grounds and convert it as a lung space and botanical garden.November 21, 1996: Royal scion Srikantadatta Narasimharaja Wadiyar challenges the government's decision in the high courtMarch 31, 1997: HC dismisses Wadiyar's petitionApril 10, 1997: Wadiyar approaches the SCApril 30, 1997: SC orders status quoAugust 10, 1998: SC issues interim order with guidelines for using the grounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15335391", "title": "Stardom has never impressed me: Sudeep", "text": "The Kannada superstar, who enjoys driving, zipped down from Bangalore to Chennai in record time. Basking in the success of his latest film which has got him national recognition, actor Sudeep gets candid with Chennai Times about monoacting, movies, awards and more...Acting in a film where you were fighting against a fly that actually didn't exist; how difficult was it? I personally feel that you need to get into the director's head a little and understand what exactly he wants. There's not a single human on this earth who has not been tortured by a fly. It is more monoacting on the screen and that's what I had to keep in mind. It was the clarity that Rajamouli had given me and he was there in case there was any confusion. All I had to be was like a good instrument on the set; he was doing the fine tuning. In the initial stages, there was a fear of working in a foreign fraternity (Andhra). That was scarier than acting alone on screen. So the question for me was - how do I gain their confidence? The whole challenge was of not wanting a few things to happen - Rajamouli is a guy who been very successful and I didn't want anyone to point a finger at him and say finally he made a wrong choice. This pressure and responsibility is what I enjoyed.What did you first think when you were offered the film? I chose the person and not the script. I was blessed to be working with Ram Gopal Varma (RGV) and through him, Rajamouli. Though the Kannada industry's doing well, there's an amount of vacuum still around us. He got me from there and showed abundant trust in me.Was this movie a quest to showcase your talent better to a much larger audience? If any actor says I'm bound by boundaries and this is where I want to live, somewhere he will agree that he's living a lie. I don't think any actor wants to have a boundary; he just wants to travel. It's not about autographs or stardom - stardom has never impressed me anyway. There was a time when I used to stand in the Bangalore airport and see actors come from Mumbai and watch the buzz around them. And I wanted to get down at some other airport and also have people recognize me and talk to me. That appealed to me more than anything else. It wasn't a quest to grow as a star but I wanted to have people come to me with respect and say that I have done a good job. I think I got a fantastic platform in this film. Suddenly, one Friday, things have changed! Frankly I don't know where I am right now. I just know the film has done very well and I am being appreciated. I think I'll just put a full stop at that.Do you think this is a turning point in your career? I have no idea. The film has been successful and people say it's given a south Indian star stardom. But I have no idea how successful I am right now. All I know is that I got a lot of calls of appreciation and that's the reward I always wanted in life. I guess when someone calls me and asks me for dates, I'll know then. Right now, no one has.Were you apprehensive about taking on a negative role? No. I think there's a little bit of goodness and badness in every human. It's upto us when we get it out. Negative is just a shade. There was a fantastic graph in this character and I liked that.Are you looking forward to doing Tamil films now? If I say I am not looking forward to something, I would be lying. I don't think it's the market that connects - the making standards, scripts and directors' convictions are quite amazing in certain states. To work with such people is a blessing altogether. Thankfully, I have come in at a time where there are a lot of offbeat roles happening. Maybe if an exciting film comes along, then yes. You want to try out something new and come out of the monotony of being a lead actor singing songs. If you ask me today, I'd say Naan Ee / Eega is one my best films. As for my career, it has taken off long back. As for the journey , it's getting bigger and better.You have done a few films with RGV, any more Bollywood films in the horizon? There were a few Hindi films that came my way but frankly, I kind of felt isolated there. It was not an atmosphere I was used to. Bollywood's definitely huge and glamorous but I guess south Indians are more emotional by nature - we like to chat and mingle a little. We don't treat movies as just a business. I didn't feel at home in Mumbai. I really enjoyed working with RGV. But I think I belong in the south and I am happy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15334365", "title": "Ara BJP MLA may become deputy speaker", "text": "PATNA: The state BJP may field its Ara MLA Amrendra Pratap Singh as deputy speaker of the state assembly during its election on Monday. The nomination for the post will be filed on Friday.Though the party has not yet declared its candidate, there was strong speculation in the ruling NDA circle about the selection of four-term MLA Singh who was seen meeting deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi and assembly speaker Choudhary in their respective chambers in the assembly. A couple of other BJP legislators whose names too were under consideration could not be spotted as they left the premises soon after the House was adjourned for the day.When asked why the deputy speaker post was not given to the opposition as had been the practice, Modi said it is not the first time such thing is happening. He recounted that in the past too Congress maintained both the Speaker and deputy speaker posts when it was in power and opposition was very weak.Modi, who also holds finance portfolio, presented the first supplementary budget for 2012-13 of Rs 9,672.63 crore on the opening day of the five-day monsoon session. Of this amount, Rs 2,793.96 crore for non-plan and Rs 6,722.48 crore for state plan were proposed.The detailed expenditure of the state plan of Rs 6,722.48 crore include Rs 1,000 crore for minimum support price to farmers and loan to food and civil supply corporation, Rs 800 crore for Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, Rs 200 crore for diesel subsidy to farmers, Rs 100 crore for land acquisition in Motihari for Central University, Rs 25 crore for extension of Gaya airport and other expenditures.There is a proposal of Rs 128 crore for centrally sponsored schemes of which Rs 123 crore is fixed for establishment of new polytechnics and development of existing polytechnic institutions. Under Rs 2,793.97 crore non-plan expenditure, Rs 270 crore is earmarked for panchayati raj institutions, Rs 87.89 crore for Rajiv Gandhi rural electrification scheme, Rs 15 crore for the global positioning system (GPS) for sub-divisions, districts and blocks level. \"For any expenditure, the legislative permission is mandatory,\" Modi said. He also tabled the Bihar Contingency Fund (amendment) Ordinance, 2012.Before adjourning the assembly for the day, the House also mourned the demise of former members Saryu Singh, Tilakdhari Prasad Mahto, Satya Narayan Dudhani, Shankar Prasad Tekriwal and Pratap Singh.The assembly speaker, in his opening note, informed the House about the visit of nine-member delegation of Bihar legislators to Bhutan led by the speaker and the respect the Bhutanese have for Bihar. He also mentioned the remarks of Bhutan National Assembly speaker about Bihar that 'Bihar is home for Buddhist heritage and the people of Bihar have played vital role in preserving and promoting this religious heritage'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15333808", "title": "HRD panel to draw up 10+2 science stream reforms", "text": "NAGPUR: 'Change' seems to be operative word for the human resources development (HRD) ministry, and before September-end a committee will be constituted to look into possible reforms at the 10+2 level for the science stream. A highly placed source in the HRD ministry informed TOI that the idea is to provide students with an option of studying an advanced level of subjects, so that they do not have to rely on coaching for competitive exams.The source said, \"IITs always used to test students for something beyond the class curriculum, because they are of a higher magnitude of difficulty. In our meetings with the IITs, one of the suggestions that came up was to see if we can provide students with a higher level of science at the 10+2 level. So students who want to crack competitive exams like IIT can take an advanced level of physics, maths etc\"He added that the system would be similar to what CBSE practices with its English subject. \"Students can choose 'English Core', which is a basic level or 'English Elective' which is an advanced level. Now the question is can we do it for math and physics also? Certainly not impossible, and if we do manage to do it then the IIT method of testing can be built into the school system itself,\" the official said.Students who then want to take a shot at the IITs can choose the advanced level at 10+2, while the others would be spared of learning the advanced topics. In CBSE, students have to choose either one of the core and elective. \"One of things the HRD ministry is accused of is that we don't take everyone's opinion. But this idea was something which everyone agreed was worth exploring and hence we have decided to constitute the panel soon,\" he said.Also, the option of advanced science level at 10+2 will make the inclusion of board marks for IIT seats consideration more realistic, the HRD official said.However, many in the city feel that the HRD ministry's literal war on coaching classes is a lost cause. Sameer Phale, lecturer at Dr Ambedkar College (Deekshabhoomi), said, \"Earlier, we had only one IIT test, now there are two, basic and advanced, which has increased the pressure on students. To relieve the pressure, students will continue to join coaching classes, hence the entire HRD approach has failed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15336413", "title": "In Fear of a Brown Planet", "text": "Following a sell-out run, rave reviews and fantastic word-of-mouth at last year's Edinburgh Festival, award winning Australian comedy duo 'Fear Of A Brown Planet' embark on their first ever UK tour this Autumn.'Fear Of A Brown Planet' stars Aamer Rahman and Nazeem Hussain use their razor-sharp wit and intelligence to tackle subjects as: Islam, immigration and racism. They are as politically current as they are brilliantly funny onstage and have a flourishing group of fans back home. Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15337375", "title": "Learning botany amid medicinal plants", "text": "HUBLI: Taking a practical approach to science education, KLE Society's H S Kotambri Science College has built a garden of medicinal plants on its premises to provide its botany students practical knowledge.Unlike their counterparts in other colleges, learning botany, for these students, is not restricted to the four walls of their classrooms or laboratories.More than 200 species of medicinal plants are grown on the campus and students spend an hour at the garden and three hours in practical classes everyday.\"Earlier, students went in search of medicinal plants for practical classes, but now they have easy access to it,\" R F Inchal, HOD of the botany department, said.Apart from easy access, growing plants on the campus has meant that students get to have a closer look at its growth patterns.The college acquires seeds and saplings from the Karnataka Biodiversity Board of Bangalore, district forest department, and Botanical Survey of India, Kolkata.Inchal says the medicinal plants grown provide remedies for hypertension, fever, headache, vomiting, diarrhea, urinary infections, piles, diabetics, blood pressure, asthma, stomach pain, chikungunya, H1N1, ulcer, uterus disorders, joint pain, cough, anemia, fever, cancer, jaundice, intestinal disease, skin diseases, muscular pain, cough, mouth ulcers and eye disorders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15339090", "title": "GenNext should be encouraged to carry the torch of local culture", "text": "MUMBAI: Incorporating the nuances of local culture and fine arts into our formal education system and informal networks is the need of the hour, believe cultural experts, in the light of reports that Mumbai's cultural vibrancy has been fledging in recent years. A recent global research, the World Cities Culture Report 2012 highlighted how Mumbai lags behind many global cities in its cultural infrastructure as well as its offerings in terms of performances.While the data might come with its own constraints and many aspects of culture aren't measurable, there needs to be a general realization that culture is not external to oneself and needn't be adopted or aped from elsewhere; local art, traditions and forms need to be nurtured and passed on.Poet and cultural theorist Ranjit Hoskote believes there has been a gross neglect of cultural institutions across the gamut of the arts, and the non-development of close and effective connections with global institutions that help in the production and dissemination of culture. \"\"This is related to our ingloriously brain-dead pedagogics. The Indian education system -- with some signal exceptions -- does not regard culture, the development of a cultural sensibility, the importance of culture as a condition of life, as an integral part of the curriculum. It's seen as an optional extra,\"\" he says explaining that such attitude translates, at secondary and tertiary levels, as the understanding that culture is a specialist subject best left to certain kinds of academic programs.Others believe the potential of youth networks and student communities should be tapped as well. R Sridhar, president of the Sri Shanmukhananda Fine Arts &amp; Sangeetha Sabha too believes the fine arts should be given more priority in formal curriculum in schools to inculcate cultural values from a young age.The report for instance, points out that Mumbai churns out merely 1,375 public art and design students on an average in a year, much fewer than a corresponding 34,920 in London, 24,120 in Tokyo, 14,024 in Paris or 13,324 in Shanghai. Mumbai in fact outdoes all the 11 other cities analysed in the number of its specialist public cultural higher education establishments it houses with a legacy of institutions such as the JJ School of Arts, a foundation it should invest in and build upon.Theatre critic Shanta Gokhale aptly sums it up stating that every city gets the culture that it desires. In other words people define the culture of a city. It is perhaps time to shake off the apathy and get more involved in preserving the character of aamchi Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "15335757", "title": "Gerald Majola wins round one in CSA disciplinary hearing", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Suspended Cricket South Africa CEO Gerald Majola has won the first round of his disciplinary hearing on the allegedly irregular IPL bonuses he paid to himself and other CSA staff.Majola's legal team has been calling for the chairman of the disciplinary hearing, John Myburgh, to step down because he made a non-binding advisory award in favour of CSA even before the hearing started.Following arguments that Myburgh would not give Majola a fair trial, the senior lawyer decided to step down, which is now expected to delay Majola's hearing even further as a new chairman is sought.Sports Minister Fikile Mbalula was already angered at delays in the finalisation of the hearing by the end of May this year.Mbalula had instituted the Nicholson inquiry into the financial affairs of CSA after almost two years of internal wrangling at CSA over the bonuses, received after the second edition of the IPL was played in South Africa due to security concerns over elections at the time in India.Nicholson called for both a disciplinary hearing and possible criminal charges against Majola.Insiders at CSA said the current board was also getting increasingly frustrated at Majola's tactics, which lawyers in the know said, were designed merely to delay his hearing in the hope that interest in it will dissipate.But there is little chance of that after the CSA board appeared before the parliamentary committee on sport on Wednesday where members had to explain the delay in implementation of the Nicholson recommendations.CSA's acting CEO Jacques Faul told the Committee that plans were \"on track\" to ensure that cricket was representative of all the race groups in the country, citing the fact that half the players in the current side touring England were players of colour.Faul said there were extensive development plans in place at local level to turn around the sport which was dominated by whites before South Africa's readmission to the international fold in 1992 after decades of isolation because of apartheid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15333881", "title": "Taekwondo official held for issuing fake certificate", "text": "BANGALORE: Taekwondo Federation of India secretary-general T Praveen Kumar has been arrested for allegedly issuing a fake certificate to an ineligible candidate who used the document to get a job with Punjab police.Basavanagudi police recovered several blank Commonwealth Taekwondo Championship participation certificates from Praveen's flat on KR Road. Cops suspect he might have issued them to several people.Taekwondo is a popular form of martial art. The official organization representing the sport of Taekwondo, TFI, is affiliated to Indian Olympic Association and World Taekwondo Federation, besides being recognized by union ministry of youth affairs and sports. Praveen is the current president of Karnataka Taekwondo Association.Praveen allegedly issued a fake certificate to Singara Mattu of Panjim, Goa, vouching for the latter's participation at the 5th Commonwealth Taekwondo Championships, which was organized by TFI at Chennai in late January 2011. The arrest follows a private complaint filed before II additional chief metropolitan magistrate by Bangalore District Taekwondo Association president K Patel Mune Gowda.The complaint alleged that though Singara Muttu hadn't participated in the Chennai Commonwealth Taekwondo Championship, he was issued a fake participation certificate, enabling him to bag a job in Punjab police under the sports' quota. The court referred the matter to Basavanagudi police for investigation. Police filed an FIR against Praveen Kumar on July 25 under Sections 34, 120-B, 420, 465 and 468 of IPC.\"Preliminary investigation revealed that Praveen had issued several certificates of eligibility to ineligible candidates. We are looking into blank certificates he had in his possession in his flat at Garadi Apartments on KR Road, Basavanagudi. We will be able to determine the exact number of fake certificates issued only after going through the entire records,\" said DCP (South) Sonia Narang. The blank certificates also had imprints of four officials' signatures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332613", "title": "Jundal's voice samples taken, Voice Over Internet Protocol used for the first time", "text": "MUMBAI: The forensic science laboratory (FSL) has collected the voice samples of terror accused Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal, using, for the first time, the Voice Over Internet Protocol (VOIP) service for accurate results.The exercise was conducted in the police headquarters at Crawford Market on Monday.According to a source, the crime branch connected the VOIP service through a laptop on the second floor of the police lockup where Jundal is kept. While two officials, along with two witnesses, sat with Jundal, another set of officials and two panchas were in the new administration building. Jundal was asked to call a mobile number and presently, the FSL officials called that number, using VOIP. Over the phone, an official said, Jundal was asked to read out-with exact expression and pauses-the recorded version of the conversation he had with two terrorists on the nights of November 26 and 28, 2008. Jundal, along with his mentors Sajid Majeed, Zarrar Shah, Zaki-ur-Rahman Lakhvi, Abu Qama, Abu Kahafa and Muzzamil, monitored the terror attack from a makeshift control room in Karachi. Jundal gave instructions to two terrorists, Abu Imran and Umar who had laid siege to Chahbad House, to kill people and fire at the police and army.According to FSL officials, they took Jundal's voice samples through VOIP for accuracy, which could nail the terrorist. \"Usually, to collect voice samples, we use the same mode of communication as was used by an accused. For example, in an extortion case,if an accused threatens his victim over a cellphone, we collect the voice samples through a mobile. But this was the first time that we used VOIP to collect voice samples,\" said an FSL source.The VOIP number, which was used by the 26/11 attackers and their handlers was of Callphonex, a VOIP service provider, and the number was bought in Orlando, Florida. During the 58-hour siege to the city, the gunmen received 284 calls running into 995 minutes. Of them, 41 calls lasting 8,834 seconds were between the gunmen at the Taj and their handlers in Pakistan. The attackers at Trident received 62 calls, runnihng into 15,705 seconds, and the gunmen at Nariman House received 181 calls, lasting 35,172 seconds.According to the crime branch, the man who set up the VoIP account with the company Callphonex on October 27, 2008, identified himself as Kharak Singh. Singh indicated that he was a VoIP reseller located in India and was interested in establishing an account with Callphonex, a VoIP service provider based in New Jersey, USA. Kharak paid an initial deposit of $220 to set up 1 account with Callphonex.Two payments were made to Callphonex for Singh's account On October 27, 2008, the initial payment of $250 was wired to Callphonex via MoneyGram. The sender for this payment was Muhammad Ashfaq. He provided an address in Peshawar On November 25, 2008, a second payment of $229 was wired to Callphonex. The sender of this payment was Javed Iqbal from Brescia, Italy. For identification, he provided Pakistani passport number KC092481.During the 58 hours that the siege lasted, the gunmen received a total of 284 calls running into 995 minutes. Of these, 41 calls lasting 8,834 seconds, were between the gunmen at the Taj and handlers in Pakistan. Similarly, the terrorists at the Oberoi and Trident Hotels received 62 calls ( duration of 15,705 seconds), while the gunmen at Nariman House received 181 calls (duration of 35,172 seconds).The Voice Over Internet Protocol or VOIP is a technology that enables a person to make and receive calls through internet. It is a means to transmit one's voice. In a traditional phone line, the voice is transmitted over the carrier's network, while in VOIP, the data is transmitted through internet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332679", "title": "Raj Travels founder's son denies death linked to failed loan", "text": "MUMBAI: Akash, the son of Lalit Sheth (56), founder of one of the country's No. 1 leisure travel companies, Raj Travels, denied on Thursday that his father ended his life after he failed to secure a loan. Industry sources had claimed that he jumped off the Bandra-Worli Sea Link on Wednesday after a failed meeting with a banker in Andheri.The 28-year-old management and tourism professional told TOI on Thursday, \"My father was a fighter and never showed he was under stress. At any point of time, I never realized he was under pressure or stress. It is a false claim that my father had gone to meet a banker to seek a loan. He went to meet an old friend in Andheri, who he knew for three-four decades. He frequently met old friends to share views and enjoy the good old days.\"The Dadar police said the family had taken precautions and even ordered the driver, Ajit Jha, to keep an eye on him. \"When my father did not return home, I tried calling up his number, but his phone was switched off. I immediately called up the driver, who said he was searching for my father. I took a taxi and went to the sea link, and then informed the Worli police. Four hours later, my father's body was found at Worli fort. He was cremated on Thursday morning,\" Akash said. He also confirmed that they had instructed their driver to keep an eye on Sheth.Family members claimed Sheth faced ups and downs in the business since 2001, but it never affected his self-confidence. \"He had filed cases against travel agents for duping him. He was fighting for it and was sure to get justice. I am unaware about any cheque-bouncing cases that people have lodged against him and also don't know if there were court cases,\" Sheth's son said.He said the loss of his father had left the family in grief and requested the media not to ruin and disrupt their future with wrong reports. He said that for three years he was working on other projects and occasionally visited his father's office to lend support. \"My father was very active and was confident in his approach to take the business forward. I have not decided what should be done next. First of all, I have to see the status of the business before commenting further,\" he said.What happened- Lalit Sheth (56), founder of Raj Travels, leaves his residence at Gandhi Building, Girgaum-Chowpatty, around 9.30 am on Wednesday.- After attending a meeting, Sheth is on his way back home, when he reportedly tells his driver Ajit Jha to stop as he wanted to make some phone calls.- The Dadar police claim on Thursday there are holes in Jha's statement that he jumped off the sea link near Worli Dairy.- Before jumping off, Sheth calls up his family and informs them that he will reach home in 15 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15337537", "title": "Blast samples sent for forensic tests", "text": "RAJKOT: Samples have been collected from the site of the blast that had left at least five injured in Lakhpat taluka of Kutch district on Wednesday even as Border Security Force said that the explosive did not belong to it.\"The samples have been sent to Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL)and we are awaiting its report,\" Bipin Ahire, superintendent of police, Kutch, said.Five cattle rearers, who had taken their herd to an open field near Budha Bandar near Border Security Force's check-post in the border district, were injured when a blast occurred under mysterious circumstances at about 6 pm. The injured were shifted to the Civil Hospital in Bhuj. Ahire said the five were out of danger.\"It was a low intensity blast. We are investigating how it occurred,'' he said.Those injured were Khamaji Rabari (37), Vishnu Rabari (25), Vardha Rabari (20), Bechar Rabari (20), Kanji Rabari (30). They belonged to Kayari village in Lakhpat taluka of Kutch.BSF's Gujarat Frontier Inspector General A K Sinha said, \"As far as we are concerned, the explosive did not belong to us. The incident happened at a distance from the border outpost. However, we will help the local police in the identification of the explosive.\"The site where the low intensity blast took place near Budha Bandar is a field area. Thus there is always this possibility of hand grenades and other explosives being found there. Recently, two hand grenades were found in an operational area in Rajasthan, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15336491", "title": "Commission asks state varsities to apply for disability scholarship", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand Disability Commission issued a letter to all universities of the state on Wednesday asking for applications for disability scholarship for the students.Satish Chandra, chairperson of disability commission, said: \"There are four lakh differently abled persons in Jharkhand out of which almost one lakh are studying in schools and colleges. Still very few applications for scholarship for the disabled have been sent to the National Handicapped Finance Development Corporation.\"The NHFDC is a Delhi-based corporation which offers scholarships to 1,500 disabled students throughout the country. The NHFDC recently sent a letter to the state disability commission saying very few scholarship applications have been received by it from Jharkhand.Chandra said, \"I have attached a copy of the letter from NHFDC with the letter I sent to the universities and asked them to submit more applications for disability scholarship from colleges affiliated to them by August 31.\"The reason behind the less number of scholarship applications, says Chandra, is lack of awareness. \"Students are not sending in applications as they are not aware about the scholarship at all. It is the responsibility of the universities to inform the differently abled students about special facilities for them,\" he said.Not much is being done by the universities of the state for the disabled students which is clear from the fact that the vice chancellor of Ranchi University is not aware if there is a list of disabled students studying in university. VC LN Bhagat said, \"I do not know if there is a list available or not. The letter we received from the disability commission will be forwarded to all the colleges so that they can send in applications for scholarship.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15331951", "title": "Grid failures lead to new Centre for Innovation Incubation and Entrepreneurship initiative", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Considering the recent power outages in the country, Centre for Innovation Incubation and Entrepreneurship (CIIE) launched an initiativeto catalyse growth of early-stage start-ups in clean technology. CIIE, through its fund INFUSE (Indian Fund for Sustainable Energy) Ventures, has launched Infuse Venture Accelerator (IVA), a six-month incubation programme. IVA will shortlist a handful of Indian clean tech start-ups, help them identify and bridge gaps, define roadmaps, build strong teams and speed-up their market entry. In addition to the above, selected applicants will have access to seed equity investment per venture of up to Rs 25 lakh and follow-on funding of up to Rs 10 crore from INFUSE, apart from access to other potential investors. INFUSE is a venture fund created through public-private-academia collaboration. Managed by IIM Ahmedabad's CIIE, the partners include Government of India's Ministry of New and Renewable Energy and Technology Development Board and BP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15334301", "title": "Karnataka high court to TV channel: Tell cops about Mangalore-style raids", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Thursday directed a private Kannada television channel to file an affidavit stating it would not cover any premeditated incident of which it has prior knowledge without informing police or other law-enforcement agencies.A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen issued this directive following a PIL by a group of advocates in April 2012. Shakeel Ahmed and others sought a directive to seven TV channels from Bangalore, citing several incidents in which their crew accompanied persons with a grouse to places where they attacked their rivals. The channels aired the footage live and conducted panel discussions on the subject.During the hearing, counsel for petitioners referred to the recent attack on youngsters in Mangalore as an example. \"Telecast of such incidents not only violates human rights, but also defames the character of persons attacked. It encourages others to take the law into their hands with media support. Airing such one-sided programmes impacts the society at large,\" the petitioners claimed.Women's commission chief casts aspersions on victimsFor the second day in a row, Karnataka State Women's Commission chairperson C Manjula piled misery on the Mangalore attack victims. She cast aspersions on a victim's mother, and said the home stay itself was illegal and unauthorized. \"The incident was a direct result of police inaction. Had police acted swiftly, the incident wouldn't have happened,\" she said. Channel told to give affidavit by Aug 13.The channel's counsel, Sajjan Poovayya, said that as a principle of law, there can't be an objection to such a restraining order. The court will hear the case on August 13. The other six channels named in the case on stage-managed reporting were not represented at the hearing.The petitioners cited several instances, including a recent attack on the principal of a school in Ramanagaram. Parents of two children had accused the principal of beating their wards. They barged into the school, abused, attacked and assaulted the principal. The parents were accompanied by a TV crew and the violence was shown live on the channel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15335933", "title": "Salman Khan celebrates Raksha Bandhan with family", "text": "On Thursday,the city celebrated the festival of Raksha Bandhan with fervour.And so did its stars.For Salman Khan and family,who are known to celebrate every festival with equal enthusiasm,this one was no different.TOI spotted Salman outside his sister Alvira Agnihotris new residence in Bandra West,sporting a colourful rakhi on his right wrist and a bright red tilak on his forehead.After playing the loving brother,the actor rushed off to shoot a promotional number for good friend Ajay Devgns Son of Sardar at Film City.The surprise package was definitely Helen,Salma and Salim Khan,who arrived together.The entire Khan daan including Arbaaz,Sohail,Malaika and a visibly pregnant Amrita attended the do at Alviras place. Interestingly,Sohail arrived in his new SUV which was strikingly similar to his brother Salman's.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15334326", "title": "CCTV cameras a must in Bangalore pubs, hotels", "text": "BANGALORE: Pubs, hotels, lodges and other establishments in Bangalore have been ordered to install CCTV cameras. The decision, to be implemented in three of the seven police divisions, is expected to help in crime prevention and detection, and intelligence-gathering.Police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji said police have suggested that the government initiate steps for better surveillance of customers and others who frequent these places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15336698", "title": "Supriya dazzles with her 'Hawa Hawaii' moves", "text": "An actress who claims that she has 'two left feet' dazzled all at Zee TV's 5th Boroplus Gold awards with her breathtaking and amazing performance.When the very charming Supriya Pilgaonkar took to stage on the popular Bollywood number Hawa Hawaii (immortalised by the beautiful Sridevi ), the crowd just couldn't take their eyes off her. Supriya's rendition of Hawa Hawaii was so classic and beautiful that it unanimously became one of the major highlights of the event and one that was lauded the most by the audiences.\"The actress was so near perfect in her imitation of the original Ms. Hawa Hawaii that she managed to overshadow all the current crop of actresses who were a part of the event. Her poise, her grace, her alluring smile and her confidence made her act one of the best performances of the evening,\" says a source from the channel.\" Hawa Hawaii is one of my all time favourite numbers. I was delighted at the suggestion of shaking a leg on this song that had captured the imagination of an entire generation. It's a song, which gives you a lot of liberty to act and express. And with the fast-paced choreography, I was also concerned if I could carry off my costume well. I enjoyed the performance to the hilt. Thanks to the Zee team as they made me feel extremely comfortable and gave all the freedom to a 'non-dancer' like me,\" reveals Supriya.Says actor Kratika Sengar, who was also one of the performers at the Gold awards, \"I was completely taken aback by Supriya ji's natural grace and effervescence. A veteran actress of her stature could pull of a number like Hawa Hawaii with so much comfort and was really beyond my imagination. I was completely all struck with her performance and cheered for her till my hands went red. She can give all of us, younger actors, a stiff competition. She is such a natural actress and with this dance, I only respect her much more now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15337059", "title": "Monalisa to play a bold role in her next", "text": "Made under the banner of Mango Motion Movies, 'Ek Baar Fir Maine Pyar Kiya' will soon be released in all cinemas of UP and Bihar . This movie is also in news because of it's similarity to 'The Dirty Picture'.There is no similarity between the scripts but the look of Monalisa in the movie is very much similar to that of Vidya Balan in 'The Dirty Picture'. Monalisa has never played such bold roles onscreen till date. Her fans are eagerly waiting for it's release. Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15333152", "title": "5% Indians suffering from sleep disorders: Study", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indians aren't getting good enough sleep, even in rural areas.The first ever pan-African and Asian analysis of sleep problems say nearly 5% Indians \u2014 aged 50 years and above \u2014 are suffering from sleep disorders.Indian women (6.5%) outnumber men (4.3%), when it comes to disturbed sleep. And, majority of them suffer from psychiatric conditions like depression and anxiety.Around 4% Indian men who reported severe/extreme nocturnal sleep problems suffered from severe depression, while 3% reported severe anxiety.Similar was the count with women (3.79% reporting severe depression and 2.8% suffering from severe anxiety.)Researchers from the Warwick Medical School looked at the sleep quality of 24,434 women and 19,501 men \u2014 aged 50 years and above \u2014 in eight rural global locations like Ghana, Tanzania , South Africa, India, Bangladesh, Vietnam and Indonesia and Kenya.Researchers found 16.6% of the population suffered from insomnia and other severe sleep disturbances in the countries surveyed, and about 20% found in the general adult population in the West.The findings suggest that sleeplessness epidemic affects an estimated 150 million in developing world.By 2030, the number of older adults in these settings is projected to rise to 1.578 million, corresponding to more than 260 million people possibly experiencing sleep problems. \"Therefore, these estimates suggest that sleep disturbances may represent a significant and unrecognized problem among older people in low-income settings. These findings further emphasize the global dimension of sleep problems as an emerging public health issue,\" said the study.Lead author Dr Saverio Stranges from the University of Warwick Medical School told TOI, \"We estimate that 5%-6% of people aged 50 years and above may be affected by sleep disorders in India. Sleep problems, and associated psychiatric co-morbidities like depression and anxiety and reduced quality of life may represent an important factor in these epidemiological trends.\"He added, \"Our study recommends that sleep patterns be included in assessing an individual's overall health. It also says lifestyle changes should be considered before prescribing medication.\"Professor Randeep Guleria, HoD of pulmonary and sleep disorders at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), said sleep disorders at present affect 5%-10% of general population in India with its prevalence increasing as people age.\"Disturbed sleep and snoring is being recognized as an independent risk factor for metabolic syndrome. Those who are obese and have sleep apnea have higher chances of suffering from hypertension, high cholesterol, diabetes and heart disease. There is also a gross lack of awareness regarding sleep related problems,\" he added.The pan-African and Asian analysis of sleep problems have found it to be much higher in other south Asian countries like Bangladesh.Bangladesh had the highest prevalence of sleep problems among the countries analyzed - with a 43.9% rate for women - more than twice the rate of developed countries and far higher than the 23.6% seen in men.Vietnam, too, had very high rates of sleep problems - 37.6% for women and 28.5% for men. In African countries, Tanzania, Kenya and Ghana saw rates between 8.3% and 12.7%. However, South Africa had double the rate of the other African countries - 31.3% for women and 27.2% for men.\"There was striking variation across the countries surveyed - Bangladesh, South Africa and Vietnam had extremely high levels of sleep problems, in some cases surpassing Western sleeplessness rates. However India and Indonesia reported relatively low levels of severe sleep problems. The research also found a higher prevalence of sleep problems in women and older age groups, consistent with patterns found in higher income countries,\" the study said.Dr Stranges said, \"Our research shows the levels of sleep problems in the developing world are far higher than previously thought. This is particularly concerning as many low-income countries are facing a double burden of disease with pressure on scarce financial resources coming from infectious diseases like HIV, but also from a growing rate of chronic diseases like cardiovascular diseases and cancer.\"\"Also, it seems that sleep problems are not linked to urbanization as the people surveyed were mostly living in rural settings. We might expect even higher figures for people living in urban areas,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15332185", "title": "Sunderbans tigress strays into villages, captured", "text": "KOLKATA: A seven-year-old tigress was captured on Thursday morning by Sunderbans Tiger Reserve (STR) officials after it strayed into a couple of villages on the island. \"We received the information in the wee hours on Thursday. The tigress had first strayed into Hemnagar from the forests of Arbeshi, close to Raimangal river near the Bangladesh border. It killed a goat in the village, but the villagers spotted it and raised an alarm. It left the goat there, crossed a nearby river and entered Kumirmari,\" said STR field director Subrat Mukherji.At Kumirmari, the tigress was hiding inside a cowshed, owned by villager Nitai Mondal, when the forest officials reached there after being informed by the members of the eco-development committee (EDC). They covered the area using fishing nets, so that the big cat couldn't escape. \"It was tranquillized around 4 in the morning and brought to Sudhanyakhali for a regular check-up before it could be released back,\" said Mukherji, adding that it would be released in Chamta.An official said the Kumirmari villagers could spot the tigress, as they were awake and preparing to start for a fishing trip.The foresters then informed the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) Schedule I animal handling committee members. \"We reached Sudhanyakhali early in the morning.The tigress was very aggressive. EDC members played a crucial role today,\" said one of the members, Joydip Kundu. Echoing his view, another member Anurag Danda said the big cat was quite agile. Swapan Ghosh, a member of the committee and also a doctor, checked the tigress and the forest officials declared it fit to be released. Mukherji said it would be released on Friday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15336985", "title": "Luxury car dealers pin hopes on festive season to drive growth", "text": "INDORE: Like in the country, the first half of the current year has not been encouraging for the premium luxury segment cars in the state in terms of sales. Still people in the industry are hopeful of a revival during the festival season that would help them meet their sales target.To push up sales volume the dealers are mulling attractive offers while the car manufacturers are eyeing the market with some fresh launches.Ananth Sharma, vice-president, operations, BMW in Indore, told TOI, \"The sales have not been as per expectations during the first half of the current year due to weak market sentiment and high interest rates. The sales were down by 15-16% on year-on-year basis for the auto major. In the given situation, we may not be able to achieve the growth in sales as per our projections for the current year. We are hoping for a revival soon.\"Sharma said that the company was betting high on forthcoming new launches in the country to drive growth adding that some of the products, which have been lined up for launch during the next few months include 7 series.Requesting anonymity, an official at the Mercedes car showroom here, told TOI, \"The year has been tough as the sales were down by almost 15% compared with the corresponding period the last year. The reasons include economic slowdown and increased competition in the market. We are hopeful of achieving the projected growth by the end of the year.\"He claimed that Mercedes got a good response for its M class, which was launched in the country a couple of months ago. Yet another model from luxury car maker, B Class, has just arrived for display and the company is looking for the official launch of the model shortly.Gaurav Pavase, marketing manager, Audi Indore, said, \"We have already crossed the mark of 100 cars when it comes to sales during the first half of the current year and we are looking at doubling this figure by the year end. We started our operations in Indore during the end of the last year. The new launch of its models including its upgraded sedan A4 (in May) and its smallest SUV Q3 (in June) fared well on the sales front. Also, some of the new models that are lined up for launch in future include TT Sports and S4.\"Narayan V Kulkarni, local dealer for JLR, said, \"Though the sales have been slow and sluggish till now, we are optimistic for the remaining part of the year as festivals are around. Even though, we officially launched our showroom in Indore in April, we could sell 20 units before that. Post April, we have been able to sell 30 units. The last model, which was launched from the company is Evoque in November last year. We haven't lined up any new model for launch in near future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15331788", "title": "Three engineers shunted out for unsafe bridge", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after TOI reported the precarious condition of the Geeta Colony bridge, with gaps in the concrete big enough for vehicles to get stuck, chief minister Sheila Dikshit transferred three PWD engineers and barred construction major AFCONS from all future projects.The damaged portion of the bridge, towards the east Delhi end, was cordoned off on Thursday for repairs.AFCONS, which has the contract for maintenance of the stretch, has been issued a show-cause notice as the company had reportedly been notified about the gaps on the bridge but did not act. PWD engineers, on the other hand, had carried out cosmetic repair on the bridge earlier and opened it to traffic despite the structure being unsafe. A third-party inspection team, which is tasked with ensuring the quality of the structure, has also been hauled up for carelessness.\"I am thankful to TOI for pointing out the dangerous condition of the broken bridge,\" Dikshit told TOI. \"Everything that has been reported has been found to be correct and it is good that the matter has been highlighted before a major mishap took place. It is the fault of the engineers as well as the contractors for allowing this to go unnoticed.\"On the chief minister's directive, PWD Minister Rajkumar Chauhan inspected the bridge and shunted out the junior, assistant and executive PWD engineer of the area. The state public works department has been told to write to the central department recommending suspension of the engineers, as it is the controlling cadre of PWD engineers.The state PWD issued show-cause notice against major construction company AFCONS, who have the contract for maintenance of the stretch, for failing to act despite a receiving a complaint from the junior PWD engineers about the dangerous condition of the bridge about a week ago, Chauhan told TOI.\"I found that the assistant and junior engineer already had information about the damaged bridge and had communicated this over telephone to AFCONS but they were not taken seriously. While AFCONS should have acted immediately on the complaint, it is also the fault of the junior engineers to have not taken up the matter with their superiors,\" said Chauhan.In a joint inspection by Chauhan and the PWD engineer-in-chief, it was found that the broken bridge had been repaired earlier but procedures had not been properly followed to ensure the bridge was fit to be opened to traffic movement. \"The repair undertaken earlier could not last. I noticed that a nut supposed to keep the structure strong was missing. The stretch was also opened too early after the repair work, resulting in the deterioration,\" said Chauhan.The third party team proved negligent too, he said. \"The PWD has been ensuring the quality of construction and stability of structures though its internal and third party inspections. The company responsible for the third party inspection is being taken to task for its carelessness. The company was given 1% of the total cost of project for undertaking third party inspection and reporting deficiencies during the course of construction. The department will not spare anybody. The PWD has taken control of the site to set the things right at the earliest,\" said Chauhan.Besides the complaint from the junior engineers, it has emerged that a resident of Geeta Colony had complained to the police regarding the condition of the bridge. \"I tried getting in touch with the police commissioner for the past week as well as DCP of traffic (eastern range) but did not receive a satisfactory reply. As a result, I complained to the local police station and even filed a DD entry in Geeta Colony police station on last Saturday,\" claimed resident Suraj Vaid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15337195", "title": "Security in holy city at God's mercy", "text": "VARANASI: Another incident of serial blasts was followed by sounding of alerts and the formalities of checking drives. After showing 'alertness' for a few hours, the officers of police and other forces returned to their den.The officials of the forces like Railway Protection Force (RPF) have no knowledge whether the files containing recommendations for the enhancement of security of Cantonment railway station is still safe at Railway Board office or lost in the heap of other files. For more than one-and-a-half-year, the position of additional SP of anti-terror squad is lying vacant at Varanasi. No one is ready to disclose whether any progress has been made in the investigations of the past terrorist attacks.After the Wednesday evening's serial blasts at Pune, high alert was sounded in the state and the district police swung into action. Checking drives became visible at all the public places like railway stations and bus stands while hotels and other places for stay were also covered. By Thursday afternoon the `alertness' of police and other forces like RPF and GRP seemed to be waning. When TOI visited Cantonment railway station, some armed cops of PAC were sitting at the same spot where one of the bombs was exploded by terrorist groups on March 7, 2006 but none of them were taking pain to check the visitors. The door frame metal detector, which was installed like a show piece at the main entry point of platform one, was also missing.After March 7, 2006 serial blasts in the city, the RPF had forwarded a proposal for the enhancement of security arrangements at Cantonment railway station.The need for construction of high boundary walls along railway tracks and fixing entry points to put a check on unauthorized persons, installation of close circuit television cameras at various points, DFMDs and other equipment were sought.Except installation of CCTV cameras at some points, no other demand was fulfilled. RPF inspector Kamleshwar Singh denied having any information regarding the decision of Railway Board on such proposal. He expressed inability in continuing checking of each and every passenger round-the-clock due to insufficient manpower. With the existing resources, the railway forces are able to check only important trains. There is no dog squad.The DFMDs existed at the place at the entry points of Dashaswamedh Ghat but no cop was present to ensure that everybody visiting the ghat was passing through it. At the ATS field unit office, where despite the provision of posting an ASP, no officer of this rank has been posted for more than one year. The officials present there were tight-lipped about the progress made in the investigation of terrorist blast cases in the district in past seven years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15339240", "title": "Google gets tough with app developers", "text": "LONDON: Google has introduced stricter guidelines for application developers to cut down on malicious apps on its Android platform.Policy changes for apps submitted to the Google Play app store include new rules on app naming, a ban on apps that disclose personal information without permission and more details on the payment policy. \"We are constantly striving to make Google Play a great community for developers and consumers,\" the Android team wrote in a letter to app developers.\"This requires us to update our policies when we launch new features, like subscription billing, and also when we see unhealthy behavior, like deceptive app names and spammy notifications,\" the letter added. According to the Telegraph, Google's new terms tell developers 'not to pretend to be someone else'.\"And don't represent that your app is authorized by or produced by another company or organization if that is not the case,\" the rules say.Developers are also warned that apps that introduce security vulnerabilities or 'harm user devices' will not be permitted. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15332440", "title": "Education system faces massive faculty crunch", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian education system \u2014 from school to higher education, including IITs and IIMs \u2014 is plagued by a massive manpower crunch.The HRD ministry's presentation before Parliament's consultative committee on Tuesday also highlights that in school education poor performance of big states is affecting the national picture. In the case of higher education, 42 Central universities with sanctioned faculty strength of 16,602 have 6,542 vacancies. Fifteen IITs have 1,611 vacancies against the total strength of 5,092 faculty positions. Thirteen IIMs have to fill 111 vacancies out of 638 positions. Four Indian Institutes of Information Technology have almost 50% vacancy as 104 out of 224 positions are vacant. National Institutes of Technology across 30 states have 1,487 vacant of the total 4,291 positions. Even less than a decade-old Indian Institutes of Science Education &amp; Research with five branches has been afflicted with faculty crunch \u2014 131 vacancies out of the total strength of 518.But it is the school education that is facing the real heat. Throughout the country there is a vacancy for 12.59 lakh teachers in primary and upper primary schools. Uttar Pradesh leads the way with 3.12 lakh vacancies against the sanctioned strength of 8.18 lakh. Bihar has not been able to fill 2.62 lakh teaching positions, whereas West Bengal has 1.8 lakh vacancies.For its size, Chhattisgarh has 62,466 vacancies. Madhya Pradesh has 89,000 vacancies, Gujarat (11,695), Karnataka (18,253), Delhi (10,074), Andhra (15,379) and Kerala (3,013).The consultative committee dealt with the issue of proposed national mission on teachers and teaching. The committee was told about two specific proposals by UGC on teacher training.The UGC had recommended setting up regional centres of educational management in IIM-Ahmedabad, Kolkata and Bangalore and in the National University of Educational Planning and Administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15331989", "title": "Undo Maldharis' forest land sale: HC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court asked the state government to take immediate action about land sold by Maldharis to others, in and around the lion's abode, Gir sanctuary.A division bench of Justice P B Majmudar and Justice Mohinder Pal ordered the administration to implement a 2010 high court decree to conduct an inquiry and follow due process of law in connection with nearly 292 plots, now occupied by non-Maldharis, without delay.With this, the forest department may snatch the land back from the present occupants.The Maldharis or Nessdharis were given land in accordance with new tenure rules, to relocate them outside the sanctuary area. Their rehabilitation was, however, still on forest land. After some time, many of them sold the land to agriculturists and went back to the sanctuary. The state government too made it easy to buy the green patches on the Gir forest border, by mandating just prior approval from the district collector.In no time, lavish farmhouses and resorts dotted the reserve's periphery. One such plot, which was sold thrice , was purchased by Anil Chudasama, who came into conflict with forest and revenue departments. He moved HC and the entire episode came under judicial scrutiny.Justice M R Shah appointed advocate Amit Panchal as amicus curiae, who visited the place and submitted his report.The court was alarmed at the use of land, which was originally given to Maldharis for rehabilitation.The judge refused Chudasama the right to till the land, and directed forest and revenue departments to hold necessary inquiries in all cases and take steps so the very purpose for land allotment to Maldharis is not frustrated, and land in the Gir Sanctuary is not purchased by non-Maldharis, or other persons for non-forest activities which violate provisions of Indian Forest and Wildlife Protection Act.Since Chudasama's case was rejected, he filed an appeal before a division bench. This order has stayed since then. But now, the bench asked the single judge to decide Chudasma's case afresh. The court has stayed action against Chudasama, but has also directed the government to set things right in connection with other sale deeds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15332282", "title": "It's great to be on hallowed ground: Presidency star teachers", "text": "KOLKATA: They are the first of the star teachers who will bring their aura and experience to the hallowed corridors of Presidency University that has opened its arms to the brightest minds from around the world.Ten teachers have been selected from foreign universities and two of them - Sraman Mukherjee and Adhar C Manna - have already started taking classes at the newly-converted university. They say they are thrilled to be back in their hometown - and on the campus they grew up admiring.For Sraman Mukherjee, who has joined as an assistant professor at the university, it's a homecoming. \"I joined the university on July 10. It's been a brilliant experience to teach in an institute where I was once a student. It was the eternal nostalgia and the desire to return to this country that has brought me back to Kolkata and Presidency University as a teacher in history. To teach with those who were once my teachers is a matter of great pride,\" said Sraman, who was a post-doctoral research scholar at the International Institute of Asian Studies, Leiden, Netherlands.There are a few areas that may need to be \"spruced up\", he said. \"It will be for the betterment of students if the library resources are increased. Better processes and speeding up of cataloguing is also needed. Moreover, e-journal accessibility also needs to be arranged,\" said Mukherjee .He said the chance to teach at his alma mater was incentive enough to return to Kolkata. After three weeks at the university, Mukherjee is sure he took the right decision. \"I don't regret having returned to India. Not one bit,\" he said.Mukherjee is teaching Roman history to undergraduate students. \"Things have changed since the time I was a Presidency student. There is a system in place now and an initiative is being taken to convert this heritage institution into a world-class one. The syllabus has undergone a lot of changes. But I want a few more relevant topics to be incorporated. Technology-based teaching needs to be encouraged as well,\" Mukherjee added.Adhar C Manna joined Presidency University from the USA on July 30. A former teacher of biomedical sciences at Stanford School of Medicine, he said one of the reasons he applied to teach in this illustrious institution was the students. \"They are the creme-de-la-creme. It is a pleasure to share the classroom with the best students that the country has to offer. I am really looking forward to the experience, which, I believe, will also be a challenge. But the university needs funds that have to be generated to boost research facilities,\" he said.It was still too early to make a proper assessment and identify requirements, he said. But he is sure that the existing framework had to be changed. \"At the moment, I feel there is a space crunch that needs to be addressed. The laboratories have to be modernized and the campus made Wi-Fi enabled. We also have to subscribe to e-journals,\" Manna said.He added: \"It really feels good to be part of this institute. I did my masters and doctorate from JNU. I find Presidency University as good as any world class campus. It's still early days but there is a positive approach at transforming this institute from a college to a world-class university. We shall all have to take up extra responsibility to bring about the transition. There is a need to restructure the existing framework. Various channels of funding needs to be tapped in order to bring more resources.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15334482", "title": "Ratol, cops' foul language worries CM", "text": "PORVORIM: The high number of Ratol suicide deaths in Goa and the rampant use of foul language by Goan police officers have chief minister Manohar Parrikar worried.Responding to a calling attention motion by Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco on Thursday, Parrikar said 67 persons in Goa consumed Ratol last year and expressed helplessness in dealing with the problem.The second problem is the rampant use of foul language by Goan police officers. Pacheco said that police personnel, especially the lower ranks, were worried that the government was shielding police officers who CID constable Chandru Gawas blamed for driving him to suicide on June 27, 2011. Pacheco also said that the previous home minister Ravi Naik was keeping the dying declaration of Gawas a secret.Parrikar also referred to it, where Gawas accuses his seniors of subjecting him to \"bad, filthy words\" including the \"abuse of my character, parents and my mere birth and existence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332967", "title": "Bonanza for Navi Mumbai builders and residents of old structures", "text": "MUMBAI: In a major reprieve for Navi Mumbai's builders and residents of old constructions, the Bombay high court on Thursday vacated a two-year stay, allowing residential buildings to change user status to residential-cum-commercial on paying a premium to their municipality. The change of user rules is applicable only on buildings that abut a road more than 15 metres wide and are on a plot admeasuring at least 1,000 sq m.The order would benefit hundreds of buildings in Vashi, Nerul, Koparkhairane, Sanpada, Juinagar and Airoli, which can now apply for a commercial component in the range of 10-30%. More importantly, the buildings would be eligible to avail of construction rights in the form of floor space index (FSI) of 1.5 instead of 1 when they go in for redevelopment, making them an attractive proposition for developers.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar said the order would come into effect on September 1, before which the Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation (NMMC) would have to place the proposal for notifying the rules before their general body.The court was hearing a petition filed by Vashi's JN3 Building Apartment Owners' Association, which represented some old buildings in the area. According to the petitioners, due to the low construction quality of the buildings, many were in a dilapidated state and uninhabitable. Further, there was no parking facilities.As per development control regulations, the FSI available for a residential building is 1. In 2008, the NMMC through a notification brought into force the rules, which allowed change of user status from residential to residential-plus-commercial with the specifications mentioned in this article in the context of the court order. But a Navi Mumbai resident, Sandeep Thakur, filed a piece of public interest litigation against this. In January 2010, the court stayed the change of user rules.When the JN3 buildings approached the NMMC for permission to change the user category of the buildings to residential plus commercial, the corporation cited the January 2010 order of the high court. However, the association pointed to a July 2010 order of another bench of the high court that had vacated a stay and allowed NMMC to grant 1.5 FSI for non- residential buildings. The court had then asked NMMC to grant permissions for additional 0.5 FSI only after it put the details on a website and to ensure approval only to extent permissible in a particular zone.The high court while lifting the 2010 stay on change of user rules asked NMMC to comply with the conditions in its previous order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15336422", "title": "Surat Municipal Corporation chalks out fire mitigation plan, to get modern vehicles", "text": "SURAT: Aiming to improve upon its response time in the event of a disaster, Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has started preparing a fire mitigation plan. The plan is being put in place following a directive of the state government to the corporation run cities.\"The process has been started and a British company named Industrial Hygiene Services with its Gujarat headquarters at Vadodara has been appointed as a consultant,\" said Pankaj Patel chief fire officer of SMC.Led by Brigadier (retired) S Khanna, the company will run training modules for fire officers. Brigadier Khanna is an expert in disaster management and has 35 years of active military experience. \"His team will make a risk assessment of the city and accordingly strategies will be suggested,\" said Patel. The team comprises two engineers, one IT expert and seven other specialists in various aspects of disaster management.As a part of the proposed fire mitigation plan, the SMC has decided to go in for a command vehicle which can work as an alternate control room in the vicinity of 45 km radius in the event of the actual control room being rendered useless. This vehicle will be equipped with Global Information System (GIS), Global Positioning System (GPS), cyclone information system, disaster point system, temperature weathering system, flood monitoring system and a number of other hi-tech facilities.\"The fire mitigation plan is a necessity in modern cities as it gives a quick time response to any disaster in an urban area. We already have rescue equipment of various kinds worth Rs 10 crore with us. We procured them 2006 floods. We don't want to take any chance in future,\" said Bhimji Patel, chairman of standing committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15333255", "title": "Former Tamil Nadu Agricultural University scholar gets top award", "text": "COIMBATORE: A former PhD scholar from Tamil Nadu Agricultural University (TNAU) has been awarded the prestigious Jawaharlal Nehru award for his eco-friendly thesis on using oil palm fiber to make substitutes for plastics.Shinoj Subramannian was presented this award for his outstanding research in the field of agricultural engineering. His doctoral thesis work is on \"Development and Characterization of Oil Palm Fiber - Linear Low Density Polyethylene (LLDPE) Biocomposites\". Through this study, he has developed oil palm fiber filled Linear Low Density Polyethylene (LLDPE) Biocomposites and evaluated its physical, mechanical, electrical, optical, thermal, degradation and rheological properties.This biocomposite is a substitute for plastics and can help reduce plastics consumption. Utilization of oil palm fiber helps easy disposal and would also be remunerative to the oil palm industry. The scholar conducted part of his study at the Department of Agricultural and Bioresource Engineering, University of Saskatchewan, Canada, under the Commonwealth Student Exchange Programme Fellowship of Canadian Bureau of International Education.\"Shinoj is a dedicated scholar. When he went to Canada he carried the fiber in a shipment with him and continued his research. The fiber polyethylene he developed can be used to make any shape it is molded in. For example, in the west, it is already used to make car dashboards,\" said R Viswanathan, Professor and Head, Department of Food and Agricultural Process Engineering, TNAU, who guided Shinoj on his thesis.Shinoj was a former scholar at Department of Food and Agricultural Process Engineering, TNAU. The award was presented by Sharad Pawar , Union minister for agriculture and food processing industries. The award carries a medal, citation and Rs. 50,000 cash.Currently, Dr. Shinoj is working as Programme Coordinator of Krishi Vigyan Kendra (ICAR) situated at Narakkal, Ernakulam district, Kerala.The award was given in the presence of Harish Rawat, Union minister of state for agriculture, food processing industries and parliamentary affairs, and Charan Das Mahant, Union minister of state for agriculture and food processing industries during the 84{+t}{+h} foundation day and award ceremony of ICAR held on July 16 at New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15332420", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation invites entries for green colony award", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has invited applications from colony welfare associations for best colony award for maintaining greenery.Mayor Mohd Majid Hussain on Thursday said applications should be sent to the additional commissioner (health and sanitation) before August 20. The winning colony would be honoured during the COP-11 (Conference of Parties to the Convention on Biodiversity) to be held in the city in October.Meanwhile, GHMC commissioner M T Krishna Babu held a meeting with colony welfare associations which were adjudged 'best colonies' last year. The meeting was organized for an update on the status of works grounded with the prize money. Some representatives said proposals had already been submitted to the zonal commissioners of respective zones and administrative sanctions were awaited. Most proposals pertain to construction of community halls, development of parks, repairs to footpaths, patch works, construction of reading rooms, maintenance of streetlights and fencing of parks. The representatives said they would take up works without involving the corporation in executing works as GHMC contractors were hiking estimates three-fold than the actual cost.The commissioner gave them the option of either GHMC preparing estimates and taking up works or the associations executing works on their own as per the corporation's estimates. The GHMC would pay 70% of the estimated cost to the association after due clearances and the remaining amount would have to be borne by the colony association. The associations' representatives requested the commissioner to hold such meetings once in two months for better coordination and update on progress of works. The commissioner also instructed zonal commissioners to conduct meetings with associations once in two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15339349", "title": "Gadchiroli police to probe MMS scandal in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Police team from Gadchiroli district is expected to shortly begin investigation in Nagpur in the sensational MMS scandal case.The MMS, shot in an undisclosed location in city around three-and-half years ago, had created flutter in the Naxal-affected district. A mobile phone camera was used to prepare the clip, it is learnt.Gadchiroli police, who had arrested two in the case so far, are now trying to procure their custody through appeals before the session's court. Akshay Admane and Parag Kawle, arrested by Gadchiroli police on July 28, were sent to magisterial custody by the court after they were produced before it. Admane is son of a reputed cement trader in Gadchiroli.It is also learnt that the girl, who featured in the clipping, had got engaged around a month ago. Sub-divisional police officer, Gadchiroli, Ajit Borhade said that the custodial interrogation could not be done of the two as the court had sent them to magisterial custody. \"We are now preparing to fight for police custody,\" he said.It is learnt so far that Admane, Kawle and victim Nisha (name changed) used to study in Nagpur. Admane was close to Nisha and they often had physical relations. During that time Admane stayed at his relative's place. Police said that Admane had asked Kawle to film when he would be intimate with Nisha. The clip was later saved in the laptop and mobile phone too.Senior officials have been left surprised by the timing of the circulation of the clipping. \"Admane had severed his relation with the girl long back but it is not clear how the clip started being circulated only of late,\" he said. Police came to know about the clips after it became a talk of the town. \"The information was leaked to a police sub-inspector who picked up the youths. Admane was visible in the clip as he was part of the act. Kawle's image too was captured in the clip while he trying to install the camera,\" said the officials. Police is now trying to find out how the clip was being circulated and who are the mastermind behind it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15333750", "title": "Ex-cop took bribe in 2004, gets year\u2019s RI", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced a retired assistant commissioner of police to one year rigorous imprisonment for accepting Rs 5,000 as bribe eight years ago from a subordinate, who used to process issuance of firecrackers licences for the festive season.Special CBI Judge Pradeep Chaddah awarded one year jail to 65-year-old Hawa Singh, the then ACP in Delhi Police, after convicting him under various sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act.While imposing a fine of Rs 50,000 on the convict, the court said, \"I have given my considered thought. Convict is 65 years old retired public servant. Court must make an effort to strike balance between interest of society and age and related circumstances of the convict. Keeping in mind his age and background, I sentence convict Hawa Singh to undergo one year rigorous imprisonment.\"Singh was facing trial since 2004 on the allegation that while working as ACP (public grievances cell) in the Delhi Police, he had accepted Rs 5,000 bribe from a sub-inspector Harminder Singh, who was involved in the process for issuance of cracker licences for Diwali.\"The complainant (Harminder), instead of complying with the illegal and illegitimate extortion, made a complaint to CBI and got the convict trapped while accepting Rs 5,000,\" the court noted while sentencing the retired ACP.Harminder, who was then posted in the office of DCP North District, in his complaint to the CBI said that before issuing the crackers licence for the festive seasons, he used to get signatures of Additional DCP North on the documents.The CBI had alleged that the then ACP used to repeatedly ask Harminder to give him money and crackers in return for the signatures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15332965", "title": "PIL against lake encroachment", "text": "BANGALORE: A division bench has adjourned the hearing on PIL filed by city advocate N Srirama Reddy complaining that city corporator H Narayana of Hosakerehalli ward and others have encroached upon a portion of Hosakerehalli lake. The next hearing is on September 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "15333938", "title": "Drunk truck driver causes mayhem, injures six persons", "text": "AKOLA: A drunk truck driver caused mayhem when his vehicle rammed six vehicles injured six persons - one of them seriously - before dashing against a tree at Nehru Park square on Akola-Murtizapur road on Wednesday evening.The Akola-bound truck first hit a two-wheeler at Shivni. Later, it dashed against another two-wheeler near Ramlata Business Centre. On seeing the out-of-control truck Avinash Tiwari and others tried to chase the vehicle but gave up after realizing the risk. The truck also dashed against an auto. Auto driver Shaikh Amin and a passenger Kishor Gawain were injured in the accident.On reaching Nehru Park square, the truck hit a motorcycle, dragged it some 30 feet and inflicted serious injuries on rider Sandip Talekar. The truck finally came to a halt after dashing against a tree.Passersby pulled out the truck driver and thrashed him before handing him over to police.The Murtizapur road is one of the busiest routes but there is no police patrolling here. The police department also doesn't have speed guns to monitor vehicles on the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15336210", "title": "Sony or Samsung may license BlackBerry 10 OS", "text": "LONDON: Chief Executive of Research in Motion (RIM), Thorsten Heins has said that manufacturers such as Sony or Samsung could license the new BlackBerry operating system.Heins claimed that as the troubled technology giant is not being able compete with larger manufacturers, so the firm needs to look at how to get more budget smartphones into the market.\"We don't have the economy of scale to compete against the guys who crank out 60 handsets a year. We have to differentiate and have a focussed platform. To deliver BB10 we may need to look at licensing it to someone who can do this at a way better cost proposition than I can do it. There's different options we could do that we're currently investigating,\" Heins told The Telegraph.\"You could think about us building a reference system, and then basically licensing that reference design, have others build the hardware around it, either it's a BlackBerry or it's something else being built on the BlackBerry platform. We're investigating this and it's way too early to get into any details,\" he added.BlackBerry's parent company, Research in Motion, which once traded shares at over 140 dollars, are now languishing at 7.25 dollars, the report said.Denying that Blackberry is \"in a trough\", Heins argued that the current difficulties are due to a once-in-a-decade change over to new operating system, BlackBerry 10.\"We know that BlackBerry OS7 was a great platform, but it would not carry us to where we wanted to be tomorrow, with the full mobile computing experience,\" he said.Heins insisted that the BB10 would allow \"true multitasking\", potentially running a car's navigation, entertainment and gaming systems for the whole family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15336649", "title": "Emotional support crucial for children battling cancer", "text": "GUWAHATI: Eight-year-old Manu Boro is no longer scared of chemotherapy sessions and though he cannot play outdoors like children his age, he hopes his situation will improve as the doctors of B Barooah Cancer Institute (BBCI)'s paediatric care unit are providing psychological and emotional support to children battling the deadly disease. Munlima Hazarika, oncologist, pediatric care unit, said: \"We get very small children - some of them between five and eight - who have to undergo painful sessions of chemotherapy. It is necessary to ensure they do not feel scared or nervous of the treatment.\"The treatment of paediatric cancer is now focusing on a multidrug protocol, where a number of drugs are used to kill cancer cells. \"We do not know the exact effect of each drug and each acts differently on varying cancerous cells. That is the reason a number of drugs are used, but the limitation of the drug is also kept in mind. Plus, there are a lot of supportive drugs as well,\" she said.In the northeast, haematocogical malignancy, retinoplastoma (eye cancer), bone cancer , brain tumour and kidney tumor and the common types of cancer among children. Though the chance of cure is higher for children, chemotherapy may cause a second malignancy. Some drugs may even cause cancer in other parts of the body.As per BBCI data, of the 180 new cancer patents last year, 52 were children had leukemia, 28 were suffering from lymphoma, 27 from retinoplastoma and the others from tumors. \"Chemo sessions and even some particular drugs may cause a relapse or even cause cancer in a different part of the body. In such cases, we try to at least preserve the organ,\" Hazarika said. She added that as far as children are concerned, the focus is on keeping them positive and giving them mental support so that they respond to the treatment better. Mrinmoy Das, a four-year-old child undergoing treatment at BBCI, said: \"I get to paint and talk to the other children here. The doctors too are very good and caring.\"K Bhagabati, medical officer, palliative medicine, BBCI, said: \"Every day we get three to four children from the age group of five to 10 who complain of pain, swelling and inability to eat. Most of the time, it is the fear psychosis. We have to counsel them and the parents. It is tough to counsel a child who is battling a disease like cancer, but unless we provide support, they would not respond to treatment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15333128", "title": "Indian, Russian armies to kick-off joint combat exercise next week", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian and Russian armies will kick-off their joint combat exercise ``Indra'' next week, with mechanized infantry units from the two sides taking part to hone their counter-terrorism skills.India is dispatching over 250 soldiers from the 14 Mechanized Infantry regiment, along with an IL-76 heavy-lift aircraft, for the exercise that will be held in Ulan Ude region of Russia, next to Mongolia, from August 7 to 17. Russia will deploy soldiers from its 37th Motorized Brigade for the wargames.Though Russia has been India's largest defence supplier for long, notching up military sales worth around $40 billion since the 1960s, coupled with several mega projects like the fifth-generation fighter aircraft still in the pipeline, their armed forces have hardly exercised together. In contrast, Indian and US forces have held over 60 combat exercises over the last decade after the post Pokhran-II thaw.India has increasingly turned to other countries like France, the US and Israel in recent years for its requirements of military hardware and software, unhappy as it is with Russia for not sticking to delivery schedules, jacking up costs mid-way through execution of agreements and creating hurdles in the ways of transfer of technology.On the exercise front with Russia, while the first Indra was held at the Mahajan ranges in Rajasthan in 2005, the second was conducted at Pskov in Russia in 2007 and the third at Chaubattia near Ranikhet in Uttarakhand in 2009. The two countries also have the Indra series of naval wargames.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15332132", "title": "Similarities in Pune, Gorakhpur blasts", "text": "LUCKNOW: Striking similarities between the low intensity blasts in Pune on Wednesday and in Gorakhpur five years ago have left the UP police baffled. Just as with the police in Pune, Gorakhpur police, too, had initially dismissed the three blasts on May 22, 2007, as an attempt by local goons to spread mischief. However, a few arrests which were made later established the Indian Mujahideen's hands behind the blast. Besides, at both Pune and Gorakhpur, new bicycles were used to plant the bombs.On May 22, 2007, around seven pm, three blasts took place within a span of 20 minutes on a 500-metre stretch at the busy Golghar market area of Gorakhpur, injuring four people. The first blast took place at Jalkal building, the second at Baldeo Plaza, and the third at Ganesh Chauraha.The bags and lunch boxes with bombs were kept on brand new ladies bicycles parked by the roadside. While one was planted near a fuel pump, another was close to an electricity transformer. The third was outside a hotel-cum-restaurant. The blasts were of such low intensity that they failed to even form craters on spots they went off. It was later confirmed ammonium nitrate was used.The police first described the blasts as the work of local mischief mongers. It was only after the arrest of one Salman, alias Chhotu of Sanjarpur, in Azamgarh in March 2010, that investigators established that it was an act of terror by the Indian Mujahideen.Apart from providing other details, Salman confirmed the blasts were triggered in retaliation of manhandling of some terror accused by a mob within a court compound in UP while they were being taken for a hearing. Significantly, none of those involved in planting the bombs in Gorakhpur were ever arrested.In Pune as well, four blasts took place on a stretch of 700 metres. Most bombs were placed in tin/aluminum boxes, and three of them in the front carriers of brand new ladies bicycles. All devices were of low intensity. In Pune, anonymous threats were received recently, warning of an attack to avenge the alleged murder of Qateel Jaffer Siddiqui - arrested in connection with the German Bakery blast and lodged at Yerawada jail. He was found murdered inside the jail on June 8, 2012.Senior police officers said that the striking similarities between the two blasts were more than a mere coincidence. \"It has to be an unbelievable co-incidence if it turns out to be one,\" said a senior officer of the UP anti-terror squad (ATS).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15336875", "title": "Grid failure: Movement of trains yet to normalize", "text": "KANPUR: Trains continued to run late on Thursday. It was due to the grid failure on Monday and Tuesday. The train movement is yet to normalize.The passengers remained stranded at Kanpur Central railway station. The trains were running between 3 and 6 hours.Puri express was running late by 3.5 hours, Muri express remained behind schedule by 4 hours. Sealdah-Ajmer express and Guhawati Rajdhani express were also running late.Mahabodhi express and Bihar Samparkranti express were running late by 3 and 3.5 hours.This caused rush on platforms. A large number of passengers also got their tickets cancelled.The passenger rush could surge on Friday, when people who have come to the city from other places, will start returning after Rakshabandhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15334236", "title": "Lonely day for women inmates of Beur jail", "text": "PATNA: The premises of the state jails were brimming with laughter, tears and hope on Thursday morning on the day of 'Raksha Bandhan' when the siblings of the prisoners tied rakhis to the inmates. But it was also true that the day was not the same for most of the female prisoners in Beur central jail.The Beur Open Central Jail had made sitting arrangements between the two gates of the prison. Shivendra Priyadarshi, superintendent, Beur jail, said, \"The visiting women put a 'tilak' on their brothers' forehead, tied rakhi on their wrists and gifted them box of sweets.\" The jail, incidentally, has 1,816 male prisoners and 63 female inmates.Unfortunately, no brother came to visit any female inmate on the occasion, while the prison ground was crowded with the family members and friends of male prisoners. Priyadarshi added that as 'Rakhi' is a special occasion, the prison authorities allowed food brought from outside. However, as a safety measure, the persons who brought food were made to eat the same food before giving it to any prisoner. \"There was no special diet by the prison authorities but the prisoners were allowed to eat sweets and food brought from outside,\" the jail superintendent said.He further said there were nine female prisoners convicted to life imprisonment. But hardly any family members came to meet them.The Beur jail authorities held 'Rakshabandhan' in two shifts. They started the celebration in the morning, which continued till 4.30 in the evening, with an hour's break for noon roll call.However, the story at Bhagalpur Central Jail was somewhat different. There are 69 female members and 26 of them are serving life imprisonment. \"There are three male inmates who have their sisters lodged in the same jail. At least 30 of the female inmates tied rakhis to their brothers who visited the prison on the occasion,\" said Rupak Kumar, superintendent, Bhagalpur Central Jail.He said eight children stay with their mothers lodged in the prison. Five of these eight are girls and three boys, who also celebrated 'Rakhi' inside the jail.In Muzaffarpur Central Jail also, the 13 children staying with their mothers celebrated 'Rakhi'. \"The number of visitors was certainly less as far as female prisoners go,\" said Vishwanath Prasad, superintendent, Muzaffarpur Central Jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15333429", "title": "Facebook, Twitter users go hyper after Pune blasts", "text": "PUNE: Within an hour after the four blasts in Pune on Wednesday evening, social media users went into overdrive. Fake pictures of blasts, exaggerated and contradictory information and sarcastic comments were uploaded on Facebook and Twitter immediately after the incident.Unlike the use of social media to help victims and maintain peace after the German Bakery blast in February 2010, Wednesday's blasts had a different picture.\"After seeing the pictures posted on the web, we felt the situation was bad in Pune. We had to check with friends in Pune,\" said N A Bhalerao from Aurangabad.Some social network users had uploaded German Bakery blast pictures, while others put up images of previous blasts in the country. Many among the crowd that gathered on Jangli Maharaj road after blasts on Wednesday were uploading \"instant\" information through cellphones and spreading the \"information\" even before police confirmed the incidents. Many clicked pictures of the sites and uploaded them.\"Some had jokes and poor comments on the blasts. It was insensitive. It was not the occasion to spread Puneri jokes on the blasts,\" said Girish Bhosale from Sangli. His family was worried because of the contradictory information flowing in through social media and television channels.Media researcher R L Pandit said, \"Smartphones have made it easy for people to become informers of events. Many media personnel were busy uploading information on their pages. Citizens should keep quiet and wait for authentic information.\"\"We were reading the information on FB. But when they got contradictory, we began to call friends. There was no source to check authentic information,\" said Garima, a college student. She added that the social media can prove a major help if used with responsibility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15338470", "title": "Bolisetti to miss Snetterton due to visa issues", "text": "Promising Indian driver Sailesh Bolisetti will miss out on round five of the British GT Championships after his UK visa application was rejected. The round five was supposed to take place at the Snetterton circuit on the weekend of August 4-5.In spite being granted a sports visa on multiple occasions earlier, Sailesh's latest attempt to renew was rejected despite applying via 'fast-track' category, on unfathomable grounds.\"They told me that they were aware that I had been visiting UK on a regular basis and was racing for Lotus Sport UK, so the visa was rejected since there was a higher chance that I would stay back there (United Kingdom),\" Bolisetti told TOI on Friday.\"I couldn't believe it to begin with, and despite providing them with details about our family business in India and lack of any friends or relatives in UK - they paid no heed to my statements,\" he added.Upon rejection, Sailesh immediately reapplied the same day but was informed that the process could take anything from 17 days to three months, and after not hearing from the British Embassy for over a month despite repeated visits and requests including those from the Lotus Sport UK, the team was forced to withdraw its entry from the Snetterton round.\"It is quite disheartening, the run of bad luck doesn't seem to be ending after the promising start we had to the season\", said Sailesh.Sailesh's win at Nurburgring in May was followed by two consecutive DNFs at Rockingham and Brands Hatch due to mechanical failures. \"I tried my best to get in touch with the British Embassy, but there seemed to be no way to meet anyone without an appointment, and strangely enough there is no way to get an appointment either\", he added.With his championship chances almost over, the Vizag lad is hoping that he gets his visa in time for the round six at Silverstone scheduled on September 8-9. \"We know we can't win the championship now, so my only aim is to do the remaining two rounds at Silverstone and Donington Park and get as much track time under my belt as possible.Silverstone is a three-hour race which I had been looking forward to since the start of the season, so it would be a shame to miss it having come this far,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332468", "title": "Global report shows up Mumbai\u2019s lack of \u2018culture\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Frequent government stories apart, Mumbaikars have long known that the financial capital's infrastructure is not a patch on cities like Shanghai and New York. It now appears that even our cultural landscape is little match for other global cities.A report released on Wednesday that \"examines the character and importance of culture\" in 12 international cities finds Mumbai thoroughly wanting. Indeed, the picture World Cities Culture Report 2012 paints is grim. Mumbaikars may be treated to an occasional jazz gig at Bandra Fort or a classical concert at Shanmukhananda auditorium, but the total 593 music performances it witnesses in a year pales against the more than 15,000 such performances in many other international cities. Even Shanghai, the city we perpetually aspire to be, has four times the number of restaurants and over twice the number of bars as Mumbai.The only area where India's financial capital shines is in the prolificacy of the number of film releases it witnesses.The findings of the report, which was commissioned by the mayor of London, come as no surprise to social commentators, who have been crying hoarse over Mumbai's waning vibrancy. They say its heritage is being lost to real estate growth; performances here are being curtailed by restrictive laws; and the Mumbai spirit getting dampened by moral policing.V Shankar, president of the Sri Shanmukhananda Fine Arts &amp; Sangeetha Sabha, believes Mumbai is not a culturally conscious city. \"If the government of a place is not sensitive to promoting its culture, there is no incentive to pursue cultural arts as a career or a pastime,\" he says.Theatre critic Shanta Gokhale says her heart bleeds when she sees the city promenades' potential for performances going untapped. \"Mumbai doesn't offer open spaces for cultural activities like other international cities. Other infrastructure in terms of technology too is often missing.\" She believes the multiple permissions required might be a constraining factor.Eminent citizens recall how the 10pm deadline imposed on concerts in 2003 spelt the death knell for iconic hubs such as Rang Bhavan, an open-air amphitheatre in Dhobi Talao that used to host traditional folk art and the Independence Rock fest. What quickened the downslide in the city, they say, was arbitrary implementation of archaic rules such as drinking permits.Poet and cultural theorist Ranjit Hoskote rues that Mumbai has bred \"a crude and irresponsible hyper-consumerist culture\", which is not even skin deep in its understanding of what global culture truly means. He believes we need many more platforms of trans-cultural interaction. Others suggest the civic body incorporate preservation of heritage sites in the development plan currently being prepared.The report admits to shortfalls. Culture is multi-dimensional and multi-layered and it says it does not intend to reduce any city's culture to an overall ranking. Many aspects of culture are also intangible and the report underlines the need for more data collection on informal and digital cultures, the role of artistes and creative persons as well as different approaches to valuing culture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15338000", "title": "HC applies break on regularisation of unauthorised colonies in Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In what could be seen as huge setback for the Haryana government, the Punjab and Haryana high court has restrained the state government on the regularization of unauthorised colonies in the state.A division bench headed by Acting Chief Justice Jasbir Singh has passed these orders after the matter brought before the bench by Justice R K Garg of the HC who has taken suo motu cognizance against the state government's decision to regularise unauthorised colonies in Haryana.Bench has also issued notice to the Haryana government asking them to file their reponse on the issue. As an interim measure, Justice Jasbir Singh asked the counsel of Haryana government to ensure that no unauthorised colony is regularized till further orders.While taking suo motu cognizance of the Haryana government's decision, Justice R K Garg observed that the question arises that whether a law breaker can be allowed to take benefit by getting his illegal construction regularized under the garb of a policy and whether such a policy can be sustained. He further osberved that keeping in view the stand taken by Haryana, this Court deems it appropriate that matter be referred to a larger bench dealing with the public interest litigation (PIL).The matter came into the notice of Justice R K Garg during the resumed hearing of a petition filed by some residents of Rohtak seeking issuance of directions to the State of Haryana and other residents to consider their demand of regularizing the Friends colony in which they were residing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15332695", "title": "Man got organizing committee job on fake papers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nachiketa Kapur, an important member of the organizing committee of Commonwealth Games 2010 as deputy director-general (protocol and media relations) who was also part of the team that went to London for Queens Baton Relay, had allegedly used a forged BA certificate of Delhi University to bag the job. Delhi Police has now registered a case of forgery, cheating and criminal conspiracy against him.Kapur was appointed by the chief of organizing committee (OC), Suresh Kalmadi, ignoring the cabinet appointments committee's observation that \"he should not be considered for any appointment of a sensitive nature\". Kapur's name also figured in a WikiLeaks cable last year which stated that Nachiketa Kapur, a political aide of Congress leader Satish Sharma, had showed an embassy official a chest full of currency kept aside to buy support of MPs during the July 2008 trust vote for the UPA I, which is now part of the cash-for-vote scam.According to the FIR, \"The organizing committee had hired the service of Nachiketa Kapur from July 23, 2009, till April 30, 2010. Kapur joined the OC as director (protocol) and worked till February 1, 2010, as director and then got promoted to the rank of deputy director-general (protocol and media relations) and worked till April 30, 2010.\" But the photocopy of his BA degree bearing roll No 621411 and mentioning 1994 as the passing year appears to be fake. \"The crime branch enquired about the degree from Delhi University, which has informed that the particulars mentioned in the degree did not match its official record. This clearly shows that Kapur had provided a forged and bogus college degree to the OC office while seeking employment,\" the FIR said.Sources in the crime branch say they have registered a case against Kapur under sections 468 (forgery for purpose of cheating), 120B (criminal conspiracy), 471 (using a forged document as genuine), 420 (cheating) and 467 (forgery) of the Indian Penal Code following a complaint filed by the OC's additional director-general (legal), Ram Mohan. Sources say they may question him soon.Kapur, who was said to be close to Kalmadi \u2014 who himself is facing corruption cases related to the Games, was drawing a monthly salary of Rs 60,000. Kapur became a known name in the capital's political circle in 1998 when he became general secretary of the Indian Youth Congress. He was also associated with the foreign affairs cell of the youth Congress and made several contacts.Later, Kapur worked with former Union women and child development minister Renuka Chowdhury but had to leave on a bitter note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15338537", "title": "Eco-friendly designs of the 50s, 60s at LFW", "text": "Kiron Kher will be the showstopper for Gaurang's winter festive collection that highlights kanjeevarams instilled with classic kalamkarisRising fashion designer Gaurang Shah will present traditional creations focussing on kanjeevarams instilled with classic kalamkaris at the 2012 Lakme Fashion Week Indian Textile Day on August 5 in Mumbai. The collection he has conceived for winter will bring back classic 1950s and 1960s looks. The versatile Kirron Kher will be the show-stopper for the LFW show.One of the most promising new names in the Indian fashion industry, Gaurang will showcase 19 of his classic hand-woven creations, weaved with sophistication to capture the vibe of the coming winter season.The collection features animal motifs in bold patterns and warm colours ranging from red, pink and orange to yellow. Gaurang hopes to impart a whole new design appeal to kalamkari since he will use only two colours in each piece rather than the usual practice of multiple colours.Gaurang was the only Indian designer this season to be invited to showcase at the Eco-Designers Lavera Showfloor on July 5 during the Berlin Fashion Week. The show is one of the biggest eco and sustainable fashion event in the world. He presented 24 outfits in Indian handloom fabrics like khadi, kota and organza. He showcased Indo-western outfits with Jamdani weave and Parsi-chikankari embroidery. Says the designer, \"The organisers of Berlin Fashion Week liked our collection at LFW in 2011, especially our creations in khadi, blended and woven with nature as the theme. They felt my work perfectly weaves into their idea of eco-friendliness in fashion and invited us to showcase there.\"kasmin.fernandes@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15332387", "title": "Nitish Kumar gets coal supply for Bihar plant with PM\u2019s help", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bihar CM Nitish Kumar managed to get coal linkage for Barauni Thermal power plant crucial for the power-starved state, thanks to an intervention by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .Unmoved by Kumar's intense campaign for a coal linkage, the coal ministry had turned down the demand for assured supply of coal for the Barauni plant.However, the ministry made a U-turn and agreed to the CM's demand for coal supply for the 2x250mw project as a special case for mitigating power shortage in the backward state, after Kumar managed to secure PM's intervention.Kumar, who wants to complete the 500-mw project by 2014, has urged the PM to ask the ministries of coal, power and environment to facilitate resolution of all issues related to the project, including notification of coal linkage by August 31, which is crucial for getting green clearance by January 31, 2013.Coming after the increase in the assistance pledged to Bihar as a compensation for the loss of revenue-yielding regions to Jharkhand and the partial acquiescence in Kumar's demand to set up two central universities in the state, coal linkage for the Barauni plant is sure to be seen as yet another sign of the improved vibes between UPA and JD (U)-led state government.However, JD(U) sources disputed the suggestion that Bihar has got any concession. \"We have got nothing exceptional. In fact, given the fact that Bihar is the most backward state with a dismal per capital power availability, we are entitled to a much better treatment,\" said a party leader.JD(U) that recorded a landslide victory in 2010 on the strength of its effort to revive governance in the state, hopes to retain the popular support by restoring power generation after two decades of neglect of the crucial infrastructure sector.Kumar wrote to the PM that the deadline for obtaining the environment clearance for Barauni Thermal Power Plant expansion project is January 31, 2013. \"The coal ministry will have to ensure that approval of the tapering linkage is notified immediately and the letter of authority issued by the coal company latest by August 31, 2012, to enable us to obtain environmental clearance in due time,\" he wrote.Thanking Singh for the coal linkage for the power plant, he explained, \"You would kindly appreciate that Barauni Thermal Power Plant is the only state sector power project in Bihar that is expected to add 500mw generation capacity. We are making all efforts to ensure that this project is completed on time between January and July, 2014. It is, therefore, essential that the tapering coal linkage offered should provide adequate coal to this plant from a working coal mine from January, 2014, till Urma Paharitola coal block comes into production around 2014 and supplies for three years thereafter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15333205", "title": "Brain imaging can tell how intelligent you are", "text": "WASHINGTON: Brain imaging can predict how intelligence varies from exceptionally smart humans to the average ones, a new research has said. \"Our research shows that connectivity with a particular part of the prefrontal cortex can predict how intelligent someone is,\" lead author Michael W Cole, a postdoctoral research fellow in cognitive neuroscience at Washington University said.The study suggests that another 10% of individual differences in intelligence can be explained by the strength of neural pathways connecting the left lateral prefrontal cortex to the rest of the brain.It has been pointed out that the brain's lateral prefrontal cortex, a region just behind the temple, is a critical hub for high-level mental processing, with activity levels there predicting another 5% of variation in individual intelligence.The findings establish \"global brain connectivity\" as a new approach for understanding human intelligence.The study is the first to provide compelling evidence that neural connections between the lateral prefrontal cortex and the rest of the brain make a unique and powerful contribution to the cognitive processing underlying human intelligence, says Cole.\"This study suggests that part of what it means to be intelligent is having a lateral prefrontal cortex that does its job well; and part of what that means is that it can effectively communicate with the rest of the brain,\" study co-author Todd Braver said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15332273", "title": "Trader shot in front of Botanic", "text": "KOLKATA: An influential businessman was shot dead by a bike gang at the gates of the Botanical Garden in Shibpur, Howrah, when he was walking with his wife and daughter on Thursday night. Forty-eight-year-old Babu Bagchi was attacked near a bus stand, when the last passengers were still around.The family was returning home around 10.10pm, with shopping bags full of gifts, when four men on two bikes stopped a few metres from Gate No 1 of the garden. Bagchi was walking with his daughter and his wife was a few steps ahead. None of them suspected anything. As Bagchi came within point-blank range, the pillion riders drew pistols and shot him in the head and chest. He died instantly but his daughter escaped injury. Witnesses say the bikers sped off after the shooting. They were all wearing helmets, not a common thing in Howrah at night. Bagchi owns a timber business and his word carried weight in the area. The murder triggered tension in the area and snap protests started on several roads, leading to the deployment of the RAF. Police are not sure if business rivalry or his political connections led to the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "toronto", "code": "15337744", "title": "88% lovers stalk their exes on Facebook", "text": "TORONTO: At least 88% people admit to stalking their ex on social networking site Facebook, a study has claimed.Research from the University of Western Ontario found that 88% of people stalk their exes on Facebook after a breakup while a 70% used a friend's account to keep track of their ex secretly after deleting them from their own Facebookaccount, a Canadian website said.The study surveyed 107 people over 18 years of age who had experienced a breakup in the previous 12 months. Three-quarters of them were Western students.Sixty-four percent agreed they overanalysed old messages or wall posts from their ex while 50% deleted pictures of ex-partners. Thirty-three percent changed their Facebook status to quote a song or lyric about the ex-partner and 31% posted a picture in an attempt to make the ex jealous.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15336158", "title": "India, Pak to conduct feasibility studies for export of power", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Indian and Pakistani experts have agreed to conduct feasibility studies and identify points for the proposed import of 500 MW of electricity from India, officials said today.The matter was discussed during the second meeting of a group of experts from the two countries in Islamabad on Thursday.Pakistan is mulling a proposal to import power from India to overcome a crippling energy shortfall that has affected industrial output and triggered violent protests in several cities.The experts discussed proposals for electricity trade, including the building of a high voltage direct current (HVDC) link to transfer 500 MW from India to Pakistan, officials said.Besides agreeing to conduct feasibility studies on both sides of the border, the experts discussed the issue of raising funds for fulfilling infrastructure requirements.All these issues will be discussed further at the next meeting scheduled to be held in New Delhi in October, officials said.The six-member Indian delegation to the talks was led by joint secretary Rita Acharya of the power ministry while the Pakistani side was headed by Joint Secretary Zargham Ishak.The Indian team will hold further talks in Lahore today with top officials of the National Transmission Dispatch Company and visit the location where the Pakistani and Indian electricity grids are to be connected, officials said.The transmission line will emanate from a grid station in India and link up with a grid station in Pakistan.Pakistan has identified Dina Nath and Ghaziabad as the connecting points for importing electricity from India's Punjab state, the officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "15333945", "title": "Leopard death mystery solved: One held for poisoning", "text": "YAVATMAL: With the arrest of one person, the mystery behind the death of two leopards - mother and cub - recently in the forest under FDCM in Pusad forest division, has been solved. The accused has been sent to jail by the court.According to sources, two carcasses of the wildcats were found in the forest ghat no. 375 in Parad village of Pusad forest division on Monday. On receiving a tipoff from an unidentified caller, forest officials acted quickly and took possession of the carcasses.The post mortem report confirmed poisoning to be the cause of the death of the panthers.According to the general manager of FDCM RS Yadav, the forest officials have arrested one Premsingh Rathod (40), a resident of village Parad in this connection. On interrogation, the accused confessed to poisoning the animals to take revenge of their killing his cows. When he found the carcasses in his farm, he dragged them to the nearby forest to escape legal action against him.\"We have produced Premsingh before the court which remanded him to magisterial custody,\" assistant general manager Bhau Gade said, adding that they would seek his PCR from the court by filing a revision petition shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332715", "title": "India backs out of global education test for 15-year-olds", "text": "MUMBAI: After an earlier, embarrassing show, India has backed out of this year's Programme for International Student Assessment (PISA), a global evaluation process by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Secretariat that gauges where schoolchildren stand alongside their peers from other countries.This academic Olympics measures the performance of 15-year-olds in their reading, math and science abilities.Indians were put to test for the first time in the last assessment in 2009. On the global stage, they stood second last among 73 countries, only beating Kyrgyzstan on reading, math and science abilities. India ranked second last among the 73 countries that participated in PISA, conducted to evaluate education systems worldwide by the OECD (Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development) Secretariat.This time around, sources said India shied away from the assessment as government officials felt our children were not prepared for such a test.\"India didn't sign up for the PISA 2012 assessment because when countries were asked to sign up for that assessment, India had only signed up for the PISA 2009 assessment, which it carried out with a year later delay in 2010,\" said Juliet Evans, who handles communication and administration for the PISA Secretariat. Unlike India, several other countries like Costa Rica, Malaysia, Georgia and the UAE who had carried out the PISA evaluation in 2010 did sign up for the upcoming assessment. It is also yet unclear whether India will put itself up for the assessment in 2015. In the last assessment, Tamil Nadu and Himachal Pradesh , showpieces of India's education and development, were put through the PISA evaluation and they performed miserably. The idea was that the entire country would participate in the next round of assessment. However, that plan was also dropped.The assessment is based on two-hour tests that half a million students are put through. China's Shanghai province, which participated in PISA for the first time like the two Indian states, scored the highest in reading. It also topped the charts in math and science. \"More than one-quarter of Shanghai's 15-year-olds demonstrated advanced mathematical thinking skills to solve complex problems, compared to an OECD average of just 3%,\" noted the analysis.In math, considered India's strong point, the states finished second and third to last, beating only Kyrgyzstan; the English test threw up the same result. Girls were better than boys and science results were the worst, where Himachal stood last. , behind Kyrgyzstan.TN was slightly better and finished third from bottom. The average 15-year-old Indian is over 200 points behind the global topper.Experts estimate that an Indian Class VIII student is at the same level as a South Korean Class III student in math abilities or a Class II student from Shanghai when it comes to reading skills. Elementary education is a fundamental right in India, but clearly that says nothing about what our children are studying in school every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "15332283", "title": "1,400 infants died in a year in Srinagar hospital", "text": "SRINAGAR: The J&K; government appointed inquiry commission headed by Dr Showkat Hussain Zargar to probe the death of infants in Srinagar's GB Pant Hospital on Thursday held that their numbers were much higher than hitherto reported: more than 1,400 in the last one year. The Zargar commission also indicted the former medical superintendent of the pediatric hospital, Dr Javid Chowdhary, describing him as \"irresponsible\" and \"negligent\".The state government had ordered a probe after media reports revealed that hundreds of infants had died in the hospital due to official apathy. The final report has recommended a complete ban on private practice by doctors in state's collegiate hospitals.Dr Zargar, who is also the director Sher-e-Kashmir Institute of Medical Sciences, has suggested that no consultant may leave the OPD until four pm, which is when most doctors rush out for their private practice. He also said heads of department of concerned units must educate the faculty about this. Engagement of doctors in private practice was the main cause of infighting among faculty members, which hampered the functioning of GB Pant Hospital, the report said.\"Misunderstandings, allegations and counter-allegations by majority of faculty members against Dr Javid Chowdhary started in 2005 when he jointed the health institute,\" the report said, pointing out that \"in case any faculty member is found to indulge in corrupt practices with drug agencies, immediate criminal proceedings should be initiated against them.\"\"Most of the times, the MS (Dr Chowdhary) remained out of hospital. Rest of the staff took advantage of his absence and came to the hospital as per their wish. Besides Dr Chowdhary, other doctors too were engaged in private practice,\" the report adds. It indicted him for embezzlement of funds in purchase of machinery for the hospital. \"The ventilators were purchased through dubious means and were not of standard. One among the two developed a snag and the hospital was running on one ventilator,\" the report said.The government has admitted that 480 infants have died at GB Pant Hospital since January, which takes their total death toll in the past 17 months to a 1400. \"A drug mafia was running in the hospital to fleece patients. A team of doctors and staff was helping it flourish,\" the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332705", "title": "Medha Patkar, activists take over minister's office", "text": "MUMBAI: High drama unfolded at Mantralaya on Thursday evening as social activist Medha Patkar and some other activists protested inside relief and rehabilitation minister Patangrao Kadam's office on the third floor of the building. The group alleged violation of norms while filling of a gorge for a dam project on the river Wang near Karad. which is situated about 14 km from Kumbhargaon, the ancestral village of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.Patkar refused to withdraw the protest and move out of the office till her concerns were addressed. \"Work was carried out despite directives of the relief and rehabilitation ministry that the gorge filling and submergence work cannot not be undertaken before rehabilitation of project affected persons. This has resulted in submergence of farm land, roads and temples in nearby villages,\" Patkar said. Besides demanding fixing of accountability on officials responsible for the violation, Patkar asked for immediate compensation for those who lost land due to the project.The state administration called senior police officials to get Patkar to end her protest, but she did not budge. Alleging that filling work had been undertaken at the instance of an \"influential politician\", Patkar claimed that nearly 70% of the families affected by the project (1164 out of 1861 PAPs) were yet to be rehabilitated. It took an assurance from the state that the compensation demand and criteria will be finalized on Friday for Patkar to withdrew her stir. Principal secretary (relief and rehabilitation) Praveen Pardeshi interacted with her over the phone for over half an hour and spoke to Patkar also interacted with water resources minister Ramraje Naik Nimbalkar, demanding deepening of the channel and a larger discharge of water through the spillway.The minister assured her that a technical assessment will be carried out in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "15332501", "title": "Rainfall in deficit areas predicted", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Indicating that stabilization of low pressure in the north western bay could result in increased rainfall in districts that have experienced a deficit so far, weather officials, however, said Visakhapatnam had experienced deficit rainfall this season.In-charge meteorologist of Cyclone Warning Centre, Achyuta Rao, said Visakhapatnam was one of the badly-hit districts in the entire state by recording poor rainfall. Waltair registered a rainfall of 11 cm as against the normal 23 cm during this period, he said. Asked whether there was any disparity in the pattern of the deficit, he quickly pointed out that there was definitely a decrease in the deficit percentage, more so in southern parts of the district.Blaming the lack of upper air circulation in the west central bay leading to rain shadow in the region, the senior weatherman observed that things could definitely look up in the next 48 hours as coastal Andhra is set to experience rains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15339331", "title": "Dhuneri Petrochem &amp; Tea expects to clock Rs 6,000 crore turnover by 2014", "text": "KOLKATA: The city-based Rs 2,000-crore Dhunseri Petrochem &amp; Tea Limited expects to touch Rs 6,000 crore by 2013-14, riding on the back of its Egyptian petrochemical project, its executive chairman CK Dhanuka said here on Thursday.\"\"We had Rs 2,000 crore in 2011-12, we expect it to grow to Rs 3,000 crore in 2012-13 and to touch Rs 6,000 crore in 2013-14,\"\" he told reporters. He was speaking on the sidelines of the annual general meeting of the company.He confirmed that the turnover will grow by three times as the Egyptian petrochemical project would be commissioned by end of March 2013. \"\"The size of the plant is very big. It is the same size as that of Haldia. The company, which is producing 2 lakh tonne now, within one year, will have capacity of almost 1 million tonne, including Egypt. Egypt will be 4.25 lakh tonne per annum and here it will be 4.5 lakh tonne per year, together it will be 8.5 lakh tonne,\"\" he said.Dhunseri Petrochem is setting up PET resin at Ain El Sokhna in Egypt at an investment of $160 million. The project site is near Red Sea coast, about 120 km east of Cairo.Dhanuka said revenue contribution from tea is 6% in the company and the rest comes from petrochemical. \"\"Even if volumes are lower in tea, the contribution to the bottomline is better.\"\"Talking about his recent tea garden acquisition in Malawi in Africa he said that it is expecting a profit of Rs 15 crore next year. Regarding the company's IT SEZ in Bantala, he said construction is going on and 80% of civil engineering work is complete. \"\"Now the interior will be completed by March 2013. The total space will be 3.75 lakh square feet.\"\" The total investment for the first phase is Rs 60 crore and he also plans for second phase with an investment of Rs 65 crore.The company has suffered a loss of Rs 6.73 crore compared to a profit after tax (PAT) Rs 21.73 crore in the corresponding quarter of the previous year. The profits have been affected primarily on account of Forex.ENDS", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332676", "title": "Matka king's kin had complained against Sheth", "text": "MUMBAI: Several close friends of Lalit Sheth had reportedly lent him crores when he incurred heavy losses after launching Raj Airways and Raj Travels. Sheth had reportedly issued several cheques to them, but they bounced.Sheth's friends then approached courts in the city and lodged criminal complaints under Section 138 of Negotiable Instruments Act. One of the complainants in a cheque-bouncing case was matka king Suresh Bhagat's brother, Vinod, TOI learned on Thursday.A notice was pasted outside the Raj Travels office in Girgaum last month followed a complaint filed by Bhagat in court for the premises, which he claimed he owned. TOI has a copy of the high court receiver's order dated June 17, 2012, whereby Raj Travels was requested on May 31 to deposit Rs 30 lakh towards the difference of final royalty and ad hoc royalty from February 2011 to April 2012 (15 months) at Rs 2 lakh per month within four weeks, starting from May 5, with penalty charges.However, Sheth did not comply with the request within the stipulated time. On July 26, Sheth and Bhagat met and discussed a \"peaceful handover\" of the 3,500 sq ft office premises, failing which the notice was pasted. Sheth's son Akash told TOI that the dispute was about office premises and talks were on to resolve the issue. \"I am unaware about any cheque cases filed against my father. I knew that my father was fighting against the travel agents who duped him,\" he said.Bhagat said he knew Sheth since the 1980s. \"I gave the office premise to Sheth in 1981 on goodwill and mutual understanding. As per the agreement, I did not demand rent. Instead, the agreement was to pay a commission from the business. I approached court when Sheth stopped paying me for four years.\" He said he could not comment further as the matter was in court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15338630", "title": "S J Suryah's four choices", "text": "The buzz in the industry is that director S J Suryah has approached Venkat Prabhu, Shankar and Lingusamy for making a guest appearance in his Isai.SJ Suryah is currently working on Isai , which has him playing the role of a music composer. The actor-director had earlier told CT that he plans to rope in four top-notch directors to play themselves in the film. While he has already finished shooting certain portions with Vishnuvardhan, we hear he has asked Venkat Prabhu, Lingusamy and Shankar to make cameo appearances in the film.Suryah had said, \"The film is set in a filmy background and the script requires four directors to make a cameo appearance. I've finished shooting some scenes with Vishnuvardhan. I'm in talks with three top directors for a guest appearance as well.\"A source says, \"Since Suryah played a small role in Shankar's Nanban , we believe the ace director has given his nod as a return favour. And Venkat and Lingusamy are good friends with Suryah and in all probability, will shoot for the roles by this month.\"Isai also marks Suryah's debut as a music composer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15336506", "title": "A jewellery fashion show in town", "text": "It was an evening steeped in heritage with a dose of the contemporary. Held at a city five star, the jewellery fashion show saw city models flaunt exquisite hand-crafted pieces from a host of renowned jewellers.The intricate patterns studded with diamonds and precious and semi-precious stones were sure to catch the eye. The delicate meenakari, naksi and kundan-jadau boasted antique finesse.The fusion of fashion and jewellery was successfully represented at the show, highlighting the art of ornamentmaking in Bengal.Top city models like Madhabilata, Sonika, Suchira and Moitree walked the ramp, adding zing to the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15333745", "title": "After Mulayam's rap, cabinet reshuffle in state on the cards", "text": "LUCKNOW: Barely three days after Samajwadi Party national president Mulayam Singh Yadav expressed his displeasure over the poor performance of some ministers in the Uttar Pradesh cabinet, the party leadership seems to have taken the first step for the first cabinet reshuffle of Akhilesh Yadav government in UP.As confirmed by Mulayam himself during his Tuesday meeting with party MLCs and MLAs in Lucknow, the leadership has started assessing the output of all the ministers in Akhilesh's cabinet. The leadership intends to take into account the performance of the ministers before starting the reshuffle that is likely to take place in the next six to eight weeks, party sources said.It has been decided that once through with the reshuffle, the party will not make changes in portfolios of any of the ministers at least till the 2014 general elections are over. The idea behind this is that frequent changes of portfolios not only reflect badly on the government's management skills, but also leaves an adverse impact on the department, as every time a new minister takes charge, he is bound to spend a month or so understanding the functioning of the particular department eventually leading to waste of time.But political observers insist that performance will be an important factor. Interestingly, quite a few senior leaders in SP too air similar views. Sources in the party say apart from the poor performance of some ministers, their individual personal conduct before the public and within the party will also determine the fate of the ministers to a great extent.Some ministers who have brought disrepute to the party because of their personal conduct in public may too face the axe, party sources said. \"The reshuffle might also see some senior ministers being relieved of the extra burden that they have been carrying by way of handling more than one department,\" said a senior party leader.There are possibilities of some more young faces being inducted in the cabinet during the course of reshuffle as the present cabinet happens to comprise Mulayam Singh Yadav's team of ministers during his stint as chief minister of UP with Abhishek Mishra being the only exception. Abhishek is minister of state for protocol, a berth that was unheard off till the present government assumed power. Of the total of 47-member strong cabinet excluding the chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, 24 of them have more than one department to take care of. Talking of particular categories, out of 20 cabinet ministers, 13 of them have more than one department. One out of the four ministers (independent charge) and 10 of the 13 ministers of state too have more than one department to look after.Among the cabinet ministers, Mohammed Azam Khan has 7 portfolios while Shivpal has 4. Others in the list include Mulayam loyalist Ahmed Hasan (Medical and Health, Family Welfare &amp; Maternal and Child Welfare), Waqar Ahmed Shah (Labour &amp; Employment), Anand Singh (Agriculture &amp; Charity), Awadhesh Prasad (Social Welfare, SC and ST Welfare &amp; Sainik Welfare), OP Singh (Land Development &amp; Water Resources), Paras Nath Yadav (Small and minor irrigation &amp; Animal Husbandry), Ram Govind Chaudhary (Child Development and Nutrition &amp; Basic Education), Durga Prasad Yadav (Stamp &amp; Court Fees, Registration &amp; Civil Security), Brahma Shankar Tripathi (Homeguards, State Guard Team &amp; Professional Education), Ambika Chaudhary (Revenue, Relief &amp; Rehabilitation) and Raghuraj Pratap Singh (Prison, Food &amp; Civil Supplies).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332733", "title": "Spell out CCTV plan for Mumbai roads, state told", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Thursday asked the Maharashtra government to spell out its stand on a proposal for deployment of 5,000 CCTV cameras on Mumbai roads and the upgradation of traffic signals.Hearing a public interest litigation filed by the Bombay Bar Association and advocate Armin Wandrewala on the lack of traffic discipline on city roads, a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar has asked the state to file its report by September 3. The judges want the state to clarify on the appointment of more head constables in the traffic police.In another initiative, citizens will now be able to post their grievances about traffic problems in their area and also suggest solutions. The state has been directed to set up websites for the recently-constituted high power committee and zonal committee on traffic. \"The government shall develop websites for these committees within two weeks. This will enable citizens to submit their grievances, complaints and suggestions. The sub-committees shall look into them,\" the judges said.Considering the number of accidents caused by BEST bus drivers recently, the court has also directed that the BEST general manager be included in the panel on traffic high power committee. The committee has been asked to submit its report on Mumbai traffic till September 3. With over 20 lakh traffic offences registered annually in Mumbai, the PIL had sought stricter implementation of traffic rules and monitoring of traffic by CCTV cameras and the use of helicopters to survey vehicle movement.The traffic police had informed the court that it had submitted a proposal to the state government to instal over 5,000 CCTV cameras on city roads under its Traffic I-cop system.The proposed hi-tech system aims to streamline the management of vehicles on Mumbai's roads within a year. It automatic video recording of offences, self-generation of e challan receipts and online connectivity with state road transport authorities so that vehicle owners and their addresses can be easily accessed.Currently, the city has around 100 CCTV cameras at major junctions under its traffic surveillance system, which according to the traffic police, has been a failure.\"They are surveillance cameras and not enforcement cameras. They are used mainly to deal with traffic jams, water logging, VVIP movements etc,\" stated a traffic police affidavit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15332451", "title": "Drug peddlers arrested", "text": "HYDERABAD: A drug peddler from Uganda, a repeat offender, and a Person of Indian Origin (PIO) from South Africa were arrested by the Osmania University police for possession of nine grams of cocaine in Tarnaka on Wednesday night.The OU police said 29-year-old Ugandan national Patrick Emario and his friend Rosita Miriam Thangavalu, a PIO from South Africa pursuing LLB from Osmania University, reached Big Bazar in Tarnaka to deliver the contraband to clients. Based on a tip-off, police nabbed the duo. However, kingpin Stephen Kiya Tira Illula alias Muereria alias Roxy of Rajaji Nagar, Bangalore, who actually supplies the contraband, is at large. He is a Kenyan national. Patrick was arrested thrice (2007, 2010, 2011) by the Hyderabad police for peddling cocaine and other banned drugs.\"As police surveillance increased on Patrick, he convinced his friend Rosita, who is pursuing LLB at University College of Law, OU Campus, to assist him in supplying the cocaine to his customers. She was offered commission in return,\" additional deputy commissioner of police (East Zone) MV Rao said.Rosita told police that since she was getting meagre scholarship so she decided to assist Patrick. \"Rosita leads a luxurious life. The duo has been selling cocaine to their customers at Rs 2,000 to Rs 3,000 per gram,\" police said.Patrick came to India in 2005 on a student visa. He was arrested on earlier occasions by Banjara Hills, Bolarum and Central Crime Station police for peddling drugs. Patrick stays in a duplex house in Yapral.Police recovered nine grams of cocaine, Rs 5,000 in cash, two fake Citi bank credit cards, fake driving licence and a copy of fake passport created by Rosita in the name of Zuraida Ibrahim.Meanwhile, the Osmania University police on Thursday arrested two Nigerians for cloning credit cards and cheating several jewellery shop owners. The OU police said Samuel Kings Hedion and his fiance Liatu Baraya Yelmi, used to purchase jewellery and several other things using cloned credit cards.After wearing the jewellery for sometime they used to sell it for making more money. \"By now, they might have made several lakhs through this practice. Using various software and data available with the rackets which create fake credit cards, Samuel Kings and Yelmi, a mass communication student from Delhi, cheated various business persons,\" OU additional inspector K Madhu Mohan Reddy said.\"Samuel also prepared a fake passport in the name of Thahane Timothy Justin by using fake credit cards and fake identification proofs,\" police said.In July, the duo cheated businessmen in the city to an extent of Rs 5.5 lakhs. Police recovered Rs 40,000 cash, a gold chain of 2.4 grams and a pair of gold ear tops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15332377", "title": "Haryana administration raids Nestle over inappropriate visuals", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana's food and drug administration (FDA) team on Wednesday raided a Nestle factory in Samalkha, near Panipat, for using inappropriate graphics on milk substitutes meant for infants. The team headed by Panipat civil surgeon Anita Tandon raided the factory late in the evening and seized a few consignments of infant milk substitutes.In their statement, the FDA said that the company had been printing the graphic of feeding bottle on labels of its products along with advertisements of other products which are prohibited for infants below two years under the drugs law. A notice was also sent to Nestle, confirmed Haryana FDA commissioner Rakesh Gupta while speaking to TOI on phone.\"Manufacturers of such products are likely to be booked under various Sections of the Infant Milk Substitute (feeding bottle and infant food regulation of production, supply and distribution) Act, 1992, which prevents deliberate advertisement and promotion of such products in the market,\" Gupta said.However, the company's spokesperson said they had not contravened the law and would take legal recourse against the notice.\"We have not received any formal notice but it seems that they are objecting to our using the corporate trademark on our packs and depicting a feeding bottle on the label which is actually required to provide instructions to consumers on how to prepare a proper feed,\" said Himanshu Malik, spokesperson, Nestle corporate affairs.He added, \"Nestle complies with all provisions of the IMF Act in letter and spirit and there is absolutely no violation of the code. Nestle insists on very high quality standards in its infant nutrition products.\"Malik said, \"The use of corporate logo and trademark is a standard and accepted business practice across industry. There should be no objection to depicting a feeding bottle on the label since the same is used only to explain the method of preparation and hygiene. Nestle does not sell feeding bottles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15334772", "title": "State govt chokes MCG funds", "text": "GURGAON: The state government has still not approved the budget of the municipal corporation that was passed by the House at least four months ago. So far, the state government has approved only 25% of the said budget. The councillors complain that development work is getting affected because of this delay.\"It is really sad that Gurgaon, which generates the maximum revenue for the state, is being neglected in this manner.The chief minister and the officials concerned should immediately look into the matter and approve the pending 75% so that development work does not get hindered. This step-motherly treatment towards this city should come to an end,\" said Mangat Ram Bagri, an opposition member.Some are complaining that the MCG itself is not showing an urgency to get the pending budget approved.\"Ideally the budget has to be approved by the House and sent to the state government before the start of the financial year. However, there was a one month delay by the House itself and it was sent after the financial year had already started. Moreover, the state government has to approve and send it back in a month's time, and it still has not done so,\" said Nisha Singh, ward 30 councillor.\"The influence and interference of the state government on the functioning of the MCG should decrease and the commissioner should be vested with more financial powers,\" she added.The MCG commissioner, Sudhir Rajpal, on his part said, \"We have already sent the budget for approval and I don't know why it is taking so long for the state government to approve it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15332227", "title": "Derek is TMC's first chief whip in Rajya Sabha", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee has appointed Derek O' Brien as Trinamool Congress' chief whip in the Rajya Sabha, firming up her strategy for the monsoon session as the Congress prepares to push through big-ticket reforms like FDI in multi-brand retail, which she has vehemently opposed.O'Brien, the quizmaster-politician and TMC's spokesperson, will be the party's first chief whip in the upper house. His first task will be to coordinate the Trinamool's strategy for the vice-presidential polls on August 7 and then monitor crucial bills being tabled in Parliament. He will also replace the party's deputy leader in the upper house, Sukhendu Sekhar Roy, in all Rajya Sabha business advisory committee meetings and other house business in the absence of parliamentary party chairman Mukul Roy. Sukhendu Sekhar Royhad earned Mamata's ire by attending a luncheon meeting hosted by Congress chief Sonia Gandhi on the eve of the presidential polls even though she had authorized another Rajya Sabha MP, K D Singh, to attend it.O'Brien's elevation to a national role is an indication of Mamata's strategy to continue her opposition to bills that she feels are \"anti-people\" or detrimental to Bengal's interests., which she revealed to party MPs at an informal meeting on July 19.It comes close on the heels of Mamata forming a six-member panel of MPs to \"study, examine and report\" to her on all bills tabled in the monsoon session (August 8-September 7). Besides O'Brien, the committee comprises senior TMC leaders Sudip Bandopadhyay, Saugata Roy and Subrata Bakshi (in Lok Sabha ) and Mukul Roy and Debabrata Bandopdahyay (in Rajya Sabha). O'Brien has been a Trinamool member for nine years and is second only to Mukul Roy in the Rajya Sabha in terms of seniority. He was elected to the Rajya Sabha this year.\"Teamwork will be our agenda. The aspirations of ma, mati, manush will be our guiding light,\" O'Brien said. \"I am indebted and honoured by this additional responsibility given to me by the chairperson and the party.\"Sources said Mukul Roy had already informed the Rajya Sabha chairperson about the appointment. TMC now has nine Rajya Sabha MPs (eight from Bengal and Singh from Jharkhand ). By April 2014, the figure may increase by at least four as CPM's Shyamal Chakraborty, Prasanta Chatterjee, Tarini Kanta Roy, Forward Bloc's Barun Mukherjee and Independent Ahmad Saeed Malihabadi are set to complete their tenures. The Congress doesn't command a majority in the Rajya Sabha and several of its 71 MPs are also set to retire on April 2, 2014. Take for example Uttar Pradesh, which alone will send 10 Rajya Sabha MPs in 2014. In Bengal, the assembly is likely to elect four Trinamool and one Left candidate for the Rajya Sabha in 2014, pushing up the party's tally in Rajya Sabha to 13.The complex arithmetic of Rajya Sabha has also spurred others parties, like BJP and BJD to do likewise. Arun Jaitley , BJP's leader in Rajya Sabha is likely to have a No. 2 in Ravishankar Prasad. And BJD, will make a replacement of Pyare Mohan Mahapatra who'd tried to stage and coup against chief minister Naveen Pattanaik and was summarily expelled from the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "15336250", "title": "Fishermen fight off crocodile attack", "text": "KENDRAPADA: Four fishermen fought a pitched battle to save themselves from a salt-water crocodile in Kendrapada's Dhaneswarpur village. One who suffered grievous injuries is undergoing treatment at SCB Medical College and Hospital, Cuttack, while another with an injured thigh is recovering at Aul Community Health Centre.The 20-minute battle started when the reptile dragged them into the waters of river Bramahsni but they managed to keep their heads above the shallow water till other fishermen arrived armed with sticks.On Wednesday , Hemanta Das (28), Bikram Parida (32), Gadadhar Parida (34) and Kelucharan Parida (32) had spread their net in the river. While dragging the nets, Hemanta found a crocodile in it. In a few seconds, the reptile tore the net and grabbed Hemanta below the knees. On hearing his cries, others came to his rescue but the crocodile attacked them too. \"By the time I got to Hemanta, he was neck-deep in water. I grabbed Hemanta and tried to pull him out as best as I could though he was wet and slippery,\" Kelucharana said. \"I, Bikram and Gadadhar pulled him out after the reptile let go of him when others arrived,\" he added. They brought us to safety and chased away the crocodile\", Kelucharan said. Hemanta has been admitted to SCB.Gadadhar sustained injuries in his thigh and Kelucharan in his left hand. \"I escaped from the mouth of the reptile by pricking its eyes while being perched on its back,\" Gadadhar said, adding that it helped him escape. He was rushed to the Aul CHC.\"une to August is the mating and breeding season of reptiles and crocodiles and they turn violent during this period. They also venture into waterbodies in search of fish and place to build their nest and lay eggs. We have warned the riverside villagers many times against entering the rivers, creeks and other waterbodies of Bhitarkanika and its neighbouring areas because there are around 1,600 ferocious estuarine crocodiles there,\" said a senior forest officer of Bhitarkanika National Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15333075", "title": "Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation plans convention centre in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: With an aim to attract corporates from across the country to Nashik and also promote tourism, the Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) is planning to set up an international-level convention centre in Nashik.This proposed convention centre will have all facilities for the corporate companies to conduct their training programmes. It is likely to be set up near Gangapur dam, about 10 km from Nashik city, so that participants can enjoy scenic views amidst nature and pleasant weather as well.Speaking to TOI, Pradnya Bade-Misal, regional manager, MTDC, said, \"Our main objective behind setting up an international-level convention centre is to attract companies from all over the country to Nashik by way of providing them facilities to conduct training programmes for employees.\"The conventional centre will have both residential and conference facilities and will able to accommodate over 1,000 people. Misal added that MTDC is in the process of identifying land near Gangapur dam. The requirement is for around 8 to 10 acres. Further, he said, the project would be funded by the state and Rs 25 crore for the convention centre has already been received.An amusement park, housing adventure and water sports, next to the convention centre is also in the pipeline. \"Boating in the Gangapur dam is also being explored. All this so that the visiting delegation from companies can enjoy the stay and plan outings there,\" the regional manager said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15337617", "title": "Even modest weight loss cuts diabetes risk", "text": "Losing just 20 pounds of weight can give overweight and obese individuals long lasting health benefits, even if they regain the weight later that decade, according to a new research.Rena Wing, PhD, professor of psychiatry and human behaviour at Brown University's Alpert Medical School and director of the Weight Control and Diabetes Research Center at The Miriam Hospital in Providence, R.I., presented the finding at the American Psychological Association's 120th Annual Convention.Wing referred to her work from the Diabetes Prevention Program, a national study of 3,000 overweight people with impaired glucose tolerance who were shown how to change their behaviour rather than given drugs.It showed that even modest weight loss, an average of 14 pounds, reduced people's risk of developing Type 2 diabetes by 58 per cent, she said.What's more, the health benefits of this weight loss lasted up to 10 years, even if people gained the weight back over this time, she said.Participants in the program practiced basic behavioural strategies to help them lose weight, including tracking everything they ate and reducing the amount of unhealthy foods they kept in their home, she said.They also met with coaches frequently and increased their physical activity over the course of the study.\"Helping people find ways to change their eating and activity behaviours and developing interventions other than medication to reinforce a healthy lifestyle have made a huge difference in preventing one of the major health problems in this country,\" Wing said in an interview.\"Weight losses of just 10 percent of a person's body weight (or about 20 pounds in those who weigh 200 pounds) have also been shown to have a long-term impact on sleep apnea, hypertension and quality of life, and to slow the decline in mobility that occurs as people age,\" she added.Wing is leading a 13-year trial of 5,000 people with Type 2 diabetes. This study is testing whether an intensive behavioural intervention can decrease the risk of heart disease and heart attacks.\"We are trying to show that behaviour changes not only make people healthier in terms of reducing heart disease risk factors but actually can make them live longer,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "aleppo", "code": "15332078", "title": "Frustrated Annan quits as Syria peace envoy", "text": "ALEPPO: Former UN secretary-general Kofi Annan is quitting as international peace envoy for Syria in the face of an armed rebellion against President Bashar al-Assad whose violence shows no sign of abating after 17 months of strife.As battles raged on Thursday in Syria's second largest city Aleppo between rebel fighters and government forces using war planes and artillery, UN secretary Ban Ki-moon announced in New York that Annan had said he would go at the end of the month. \"Kofi Annan deserves our profound admiration for the selfless way in which he has put his formidable skills and prestige to this most difficult and potentially thankless of assignments,\" Ban said. Talks were under way to find a successor.Annan's mission, centred on an April ceasefire that never took hold, has looked irrelevant as fighting has intensified in Damascus and Aleppo.A clearly frustrated Annan blamed \"finger pointing and name calling\" at the UN Security Council for his decision to quit.In Syria, the fight for Aleppo intensified. Rebels turned the gun of a captured tank against government forces on Thursday, shelling a military airbase used by war planes in the battle for Aleppo. Assad's troops meanwhile bombarded the strategic Salaheddine district in Aleppo itself with tank and artillery fire supported by combat aircraft while rebels tried to consolidate their hold on areas they have seized. reuters", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15332038", "title": "Soul of a royal palace defaced", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Moti Shahi palace in Shahibaug is today changed beyond recognition. It's knightly charm, solitude and beautiful arches which once overlooked the Sabarmati are now tucked behind thick cement and concrete walls. It is ironic that the last surviving Mughal palace in western India is fighting a pitched battle for its survival. Its only fault is that it was de-listed from the 'protected' category of the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) in the 1960s so it could be used as the governor's residence. Today, no one seems bothered about one of Shah Jahan's first creations, constructed before the Taj Mahal was even thought of.Below it, were elaborate servants' quarters, whose arches carried the weight of the palace. It is said that there was an elaborate kitchen in the basement too. The basement opened into the Sabarmati, with steps to get down to the river. There are now fears that additions to the palace platform could have dangerously altered the weight distribution. The absence of any structural engineer's guarantee means this may even collapse, turning a visit to the museum potentially dangerous.To gauge the beauty of the palace and its environs one can revisit James Forbes's accounts. The British officer was appointed civilian to the Maratha ruler of Ahmedabad, Raghunath Rao. Forbes visited Ahmedabad in April 1781, and described Moti Shahi palace as an ideal recreational place. He had spent an entire day at the venue. The palace was in a little ruinous state, but it delighted Forbes then too. He even employed an artist, J Storer, to make a lithograph of the palace. This image became one of the last of the Moti Shahi palace in its original grandeur.The British collector in his book 'Oriental Memoirs', described the gardens and pleasure-grounds of 'Shah-Baug, of which little remained \"except broken fountains, aqueducts and a few trees\". He said, \"...it now exhibits a scene of solitude and ruin.\" However the palace was still in very good repair, even though it had been built nearly two hundred years earlier, \"The saloon... was a fine room; the wall covered with shell chunam, a white stucco, polished like the finest marble, and the ceiling painted in small compartments with much taste.\"\"A detailed assessment is required to be done to gauge what can be salvaged of the palace. Once a property is de-listed there is practically no control of the respective archaeology department both at the state or central level,\" says director of state archaeology department Y S Rawat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "15336699", "title": "Woman killed for 'sorcery' in Lohardaga", "text": "Lohardaga: A 40-yr-old woman was killed on charges of witchcraft at Tigra village under the Town police station in Lohardaga on Thursday evening.The victim has been identified as Hamiza Khatoon.Town OC Purna Chandra Deogam said five persons of the family including one Ustak Ansari have been identified as the accused. \"While four of them held the woman, another killed her using a spade. Police have launched raids to nab the accused persons who are absconding,\" Deogam said. He said the body was sent to the Lohardaga Sadar Hospital for post-mortem.Police said there was a conflict in the village over Hamiza's alleged activities which villagers described as witchcraft. The panchayat was once called and it failed to resolved the issue. There was also a clash between two groups on the same issue. Finally on Thursday evening five members of a family killed the woman blaming her practicing witchcraft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332691", "title": "'Bring back Central Railways ban on plastic bags'", "text": "MUMBAI: NGO Rail Parishad has moved the Bombay high court seeking a ban on plastic bags at all railway stations. has been filed in the Bombay high court.The organization Rail Parishad, an NGO, has questioned the decision of the general manager of Central Railways to revoke an earlier ban on plastic bags.A circular imposing a ban on all plastic bags and food items wrapped in plastic was issued to all railway stall owners on May 21 by CR general manager Subodh Jain. The decision was reportedly taken due to choking of drains near railway stations and tracks during the rains, in turn affecting the smooth running of trains. However, the ban was revoked within 40 days due to pressure from activists, who claimed it would render vendors jobless.The petitioner claimed Jain himself stated that around five lakh plastic bags were sold at 200 stalls on the CR network and of these, nearly 50% were discarded on railway tracks, compartments and on station premises.The petitioner said that plastic bags which are dumped at stations and choke the drains, also pose a threat to the environment. The PIL is likely to come up for hearing next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15339453", "title": "North India power failure puts off foreign investors", "text": "MUMBAI: This week's massive power failure in Northern India is being seen by international investors as one of the weaknesses in India's infrastructure which will be an impediment for growth. Following the grid-failure there have been several reports criticising policy and pointing to a worrisome outlook.In a report released on Friday Deutsche Bank said that \"While power failures are not new to India and businesses and consumers are adept at dealing with them, the loss of productivity and efficiency is considerable and has negative implications for the economy\". According to the German bank, India's power sector has not kept pace with growth in the economy. It points out that while growth has averaged 8% in the last decade, with energy demand growing by 6.5%, power supply has risen by less than 6% a year. \"Looking ahead, it is reasonable to expect that demand would remain strong for years to come, and hence the burden will be on the power sector to provide reasonably priced, timely-produced, and reliably supplied electricity\".The report also highlights transmission and distribution losses, which at 25% are the highest in the world, stating that whatever electricity is produced a large part is unaccounted for due to distributional losses, theft and inefficiencies.\"Power disruptions will further depress business sentiment, already dampened by slowing growth and the government's inability to implement measures to revive investment\" Atsi Sheth Vice President - Senior Analyst, Sovereign Risk Group, Moody's Investors Service said in a report. She adds that the widespread power blackouts that hit India's north, east and northeast regions on Monday and Tuesday have had a credit negative effect on the country's economic activity. \"\"The power failure underscores the inadequacy of India's infrastructure, which inhibits the country's growth by discouraging investment and impeding productivity improvements,\"\" she said. According to Sheth, although power supply interruptions are common in India, the scale of this week's disruption surpasses all others. Monday's blackout hit eight states, while Tuesday's reportedly affected 20 states, which have a combined population of about 700 million people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15333502", "title": "CCTVs to be installed at crucial public places within two weeks, says Pune municipality", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) will initiate steps to install 24x7 closed circuit television (CCTV) cameras at prominent public places in the city within the next two weeks.Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak and mayor Vaishali Bankar on Thursday convened a meeting of all party leaders and civic officials to discuss the installation of CCTV cameras and review the civic body's role in the disaster management system.Following the German bakery blast, the PMC had in its 2010-11 budget mooted installation of CCTV cameras at public places, but the project remains incomplete.Bankar told reporters after the meeting that the PMC has installed about 39 CCTV cameras in Sahakarnagar and near Mariaai gate police chowky, from where the Khadki cantonment area starts. \"The PMC plans to install another 51 cameras and will allocate Rs 1 crore for the same.\"Pathak said PMC will not delay the installation of cameras and that not many municipal corporations in India have taken such an initiative.The officials present for the meeting said the PMC will take care of the monitoring and maintenance of the system for three years with the help of a private agency. However, they said, the police should take control of the CCTV operations and recordings as well as the maintenance after that, since the civic body will be unable to do so.Meanwhile, the PMC has also decided to operationalise the Intelligent Traffic System, which was aimed at improving security of citizens and government properties, building traffic discipline, increasing security at water works and octroi posts and maintaining vigil at crowded places, such as railway stations and bus terminals, and implementing passenger information system on BRT routes.Over 70 CCTV cameras have been installed at various places, including 52 traffic junctions. However, cameras at several locations have not been linked to the central department and 30 cameras are non-functional.Bankar said, \"We have told the PMC traffic department to immediately resolve all issues and operationalise the ITS system.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "california", "code": "15332153", "title": "Professor arrested over US school shooting threat", "text": "CALIFORNIA: Police in California have arrested a German university professor, Reiner Reinscheid, after he wrote about gunning down students at his late son's high school and then killing himself, the Los Times reported on Thursday. Reinscheid was angry at the school because his 14-year-old son had committed suicide in March after being disciplined for a theft from a school store.101-year-old Rolls Royce up for sale in UK: A 101-year-old Rolls Royce dubbed the 'best car in the world' is up for grabs at an auction in the UK and is expected to fetch a whopping 550,000.Russell Brand to move in with new girlfriend? Funnyman Russell Brand is hoping to move in with girlfriend Isabella Brewster just months after meeting her in a yoga class.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15333226", "title": "Coffee can help reduce Parkinson's symptoms", "text": "LONDON: Two cups of coffee a day can help relieve the movement-related symptoms associated with Parkinson's disease, a new research has claimed.Researchers from McGill University in Montreal found patients given caffeine supplements averaged a five-point improvement in symptoms compared to those given a placebo , the Daily Mail reported.\"This is a modest improvement but may be enough to provide benefit to patients,\" professor Ronald Postuma from the university, said. \"It may not be sufficient to explain the relationship between caffeine non-use and Parkinson's since studies of progression of Parkinson's symptoms early in the disease suggesting a five-point reduction would delay diagnosis by only six months,\" Postuma was quoted by the paper as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15338025", "title": "My work helps me evolve: Poonam Agarwal", "text": "...says Poonam Agarwal as her art narrates different stories about her growing as a person and as an artist, writes Debarati S Sen.For Poonam Agarwal, art is about giving a form and a story to her myriad and colourful thoughts, it also about being herself, and expressing herself to the fullest. Poonam has developed a style of her own that is distinctive in its beauty and appeal. Her third solo exhibition titled Transformation, The Kiss of Life! is all about her journey towards self-realisation, her desire to evolve and the inclination to grow towards the divinity within us.\"Transformation is like a rebirth... a rebirth of one's soul. When you let go of all your old habits and transform yourself, you are letting go of your old soul, letting go of greed, anger, desire, jealously for something more noble, greater and deeper. You can achieve this through introspection, soul searching and meditation. Only when there is immense love of oneself, of the Divinity, of all around us, can this transformation of one's self happen. Only when you love yourself and accept yourself for what you are can this happen,\" says Poonam. Previously, Poonam has had two shows \u2014 her first was titled The Journey was a vibrant discovery of the artist's inner journey towards love, while her second solo exhibition titled And it is love showed how love is the source that connects each and every one of us.This third show is different from both her previous ones \u2014 in this she has used mixed media. \"I have done paintings on canvas and five works on paper this time. On paper I have used rotring pens, drawing ink, water colours and on canvas I have used acrylic,\" says Poonam.The exhibition will be one from August 8 to 14th, from 11 am to 7 pm at the Jehangir Art Gallery, M.G. Road, Kala Ghoda, Mumbai .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "sangrur", "code": "15332651", "title": "Govt officials hold prayers for rains", "text": "SANGRUR: With rains gods deciding to give a miss to Punjab, district administration officials here are now flocking to gurdwaras to pray for rains.Sangrur district administration officials, led by Deputy Commissioner Kumar Rahul, on Thursday held prayers at Gurdwara Nankiana Sahib for good rains.In April, when the weather played spoilsport during the wheat procurement season, Kumar Rahul had taken the officials to the same gurdwara to conduct prayers to stop unseasonal rains.The administration had also held several prayers at the administrative complex on various occasions to keep the weather gods happy.With deficient rainfall posing a threat to kharif crops, the administration is all set to hold more prayers in the coming days. Kumar Rahul said, \"We all want rains and prayers have been held for rains.\" Deputy commissioner's wife Shailendra Kaur, who is the divisional forest officer at Sangrur, too was present at the prayers. Ten days ago, Tunga villagers had organized liquor langar (community kitchen) to please the rain Gods.\"We've been running community kitchens for the past several days to keep the gods happy,\" said a villager from Barnala, Mukhtiar Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15333103", "title": "Wealth management firm owner in police custody", "text": "NASHIK: A local court on Thursday remanded Ajay Kshatriya in police custody till August 6 for allegedly duping investors of crores of rupees through his wealth management company. His wife, who is also said to be one of the directors of the company, meanwhile, has been sent to 14 days magisterial custody.The two accused were nabbed recently by the Bhadrakali police. While Ajay Kshatriya was nabbed from Mumbai, wife Manisha Kshatriya was picked up from Pune, later .A complaint against the two was lodged in April and since then the two accused had been absconding. According to reports, the accused had set up a wealth management company in the Mumbai Naka area of the city, where investors were lured into putting money in their company which assured handsome returns in the form of interest.However, over a period of time, the firm stopped giving interest as well as the invested amount, following which a complaint was lodged by one Madhuri Kotkar. She alleged that the accused promised double the invested amount in 14 months flat, following which she had invested Rs seven lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15338947", "title": "Army inquiry into molestation of a girl by jawan in Assam completed, trial to begin", "text": "GUWAHATI: Army on Friday said the inquiry into the alleged molestation of a girl by a jawan in Sibsagar district was complete and the trial would begin soon.The Army's Dah Division in an letter to the All Tai Ahom Students' Union (ATASU) and a women organisation Mahila Samiti, said the Army took over the case from the civil court to ensure speedy justice for the victim.\"Unlike the normal court process, in the Army a court is formed to try a particular case to ensure speedy justice as we believe that justice delayed in justice denied\", the letter said.\"In this particular case, the guilty is currently in the unit lock-up and within one week of taking over the case, the inquiry was completed\", it said.The judicial process has been initiated to begin trial as soon as the sanction is received, which was expected soon.\"We will then start with framing of the charge(s) against the accused, wherein the statements of the witnesses and the accused will be taken\", the letter pointed out.\"The guilty will not be spared and the girl will get justice and in these trying times we request people not to take any step that would help anti-national and anti-social elements in creating further disturbance and law and order problems\", the letter said.The girl was allegedly molested by an Army jawan near Nitaipukhuri in Demow in Sibsagar district on July 13 while she had gone to collect firewood and there were largescale demonstration and protests against the incident by 22 organisations, including a semi-nude protest on July 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "vapi", "code": "15336368", "title": "There is something amiss in migrants' life", "text": "VAPI: Manoj Ravidas, employed in a private firm in Vapi industrial estate, was inconsolable while narrating his misery to police. His wife Rani fled from his house taking along their daughter Tulsi and son Devanand a year ago and there is no trace of them till date. It is believed that his wife fled with her paramour.Several others had similar miseries to narrate to Valsad police, which recently held a meeting of relatives of the missing persons in the district. At least 290 persons have gone missing in the district in the last four years. Of these, 45 are minors and police believe that their mothers have taken them along.Aniruddh Captain, police inspector, Valsad, said Vapi tops the list of missing persons and majority of the cases have been found in migrant families who have come here from Uttar Pradesh and Bihar in search of livelihood.\"We have observed that many married women are leaving their husbands. Relationships between husbands and wives are getting bitter in migrant families as men are not able to give enough time to the family due to hectic work schedule,\" Captain said.However, Sajan Ismail, another migrant from UP, was lucky among the lot. His wife Anju had deserted him and left for her native. But she soon realized how tough it was to live and returned.\"In Vapi town, as many as 95 missing persons were registered of which 36 were traced,\" said town police station inspector VA Patel.Vapi and surrounding villages have a floating population of migrant workers of nearly 2.5 lakh, the highest after Surat. Valsad superintendent of police Dharmendrasinh Vaghela said police have started active interaction with relatives of the missing persons to get clues of their possible whereabouts.Vaghela added that they are forming committees of migrant family members and involving social welfare department to counsel the families in order to reduce the cases of people fleeing the houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15337286", "title": "DAVV students rue poor sports facilities", "text": "INDORE: Lack of basic sports facilities and poor maintenance of grounds and track are keeping the sportspersons at Devi Ahilya Bai Vishwavidyala University (DAVV) campus on Khandwa road in low spirit. Hockey, cricket, volleyball, football, lawn-tennis, kho-kho, kabaddi and track and field are the eight specialized sports at DAVV, but apathetic attitude of the officials concerned has been dissuading the students to stay away from the sports activities.\"The hockey ground is strewn with stones and pebbles. How do you expect us to practice,\" says Nidhi Rai, an MPed first year student specializing in hockey.\"The turf is also not fit for the game. After rains, the ground turns mud-spattered and it becomes very slippery and risky to play on it. Proper layer and quality of soil, along with regular maintenance should be ensured for every sport ground,\" she adds.\"It is very tough for us to practice football on the ground without any proper marking and goal posts. One can only imagine a football ground without goal-post. There are pits on the ground which pose risk of injury, \" says Jitendra Suraha doing his specialization in football.Even as they lament over the condition of grounds, the students demand more options in specialized sports. They feel adding handball, swimming, basketball, and volleyball will help the University to get more recognition.Kunal Singh, another MPed student says, \"The condition of the grounds and courts has been the same for the past four years. The courts are not properly cemented and grounds are not suitably layered. There is no proper court and structure for lawn-tennis and basketball court is under-construction. Also there is no dumping post in the basketball court.\"Cricketers of the college also have reasons to complain.\"The soil used on the pitch does not suite the climate. We students, though, have developed a pitch on our own for practice. Work on the cricket ground is on for the past one year but except grass cutting, nothing much has been done,\" says Arpit Saxena, adding the sports authorities do not even consult the physical education teachers and experts regarding the grounds and courts.When TOI contacted Dr Sunil Dudhale, the assistant director of Physical Education, he said the development of grounds and courts come under the engineering department, and we are not answerable to the matter.\"Though we have been making efforts to ensure that the students get the best ground conditions for practice. We have also sent proposals to the UGC and the state government for inclusion of swimming and handball as specializations.\"\"It is, however, also the duty of students to maintain the ground where they practice,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15332992", "title": "Show no leniency to parents, say grandparents of Shaurya", "text": "JAIPUR: The maternal grandparents of 13-year-old Shaurya, who was tortured and abused by his father and stepmother when he was only three years old, found some consolation when a local court in Delhi convicted the boy's father, a former Army officer, and his second wife for attempt to murder.Though the accused on Wednesday pleaded for leniency in the trial court, the maternal grandparents, who have been bringing up the child since 2005 and fighting for justice said no mercy should be given to the couple involved in the heinous crime.On August, 1 a Delhi court has convicted the couple - Lalit Balhara, a retired Army officer of Major rank and his wife Preeti of attempt to murder. The court had then fixed arguments on quantum of sentence for Saturday.Narrating the plight of the child at their Hanuman Nagar extension house here on Thursday, Savitri Verma, the maternal grandmother of Shaurya, said: \"The abuse started when Shaurya was three years old. On October 4, 2000, my daughter (the mother of child) died. In January 2005, we got an anonymous call from a lady in which she stated that the boy was in a bad shape and has been badly thrashed by his parents.\"\"We were clueless and shocked but along with my husband and son, we went to Delhi. Since the parents were not cooperating, we filed a habeas corpus seeking custody of the child. The same court then gave us the custody of child and asked Delhi Police to register a case against parents,\" she said.Savitri said the boy is suffering from Battered Baby Syndrome (Psychomotor Retardation) since he was thrown from a chair with his head ramming the wall.\"A part of his body has paralysis. He is now in the sixth standard and is very brave. During the trial of the case, the defence lawyer asked 80 questions to him to which he replied confidently,\" she added.The family said they had sleepless nights since 2005 when it first came to their notice that the child was badly abused by the parents. \"He still suffers from trauma as he has a memory of the dark past and sometimes gets up in shock. One should come and see what has been done to the boy by his parents,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15336315", "title": "Odia filmmakers win awards for movies on disability", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Films of four Odia filmmakers bagged awards at the 9th National We Care Film Festival for their innovative work in presenting disability issues.Snehashis Das won the first prize in the one minute film category with \"If we can walk together''. In the same category, another filmmaker Trinath Prasad Acharya won a special mention for his movie \"Patience\". In the category of up to five minutes, the short documentary of Ambuja Satapathy, \"Doves Tale\" won the first prize that carried the message that people with disability too have sexual needs. Santosh Panda, a government employee but a passionate documentary filmmaker, bagged the second prize in the same category.Armoogum Parsuraman, former director of Unesco appreciated the works of Odia filmmakers for their indifferent presentation of the issue and sensitizing the community through it. Satis Kapoor, director of We Care Film Fest also praised Odia filmmakers and congratulated them for their incredible work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15336358", "title": "Naveen takes middle path on Pyarimohan loyalists", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The ongoing war between chief minister Naveen Patnaik and his erstwhile political guru Pyarimohan Mohapatra contributed much to the much-awaited ministry reshuffle on Thursday that saw five ministers taken out and nine, including six new faces inducted, taking the team's total to 21.With Pyari no more around to consult, it was Naveen's maiden attempt in 12 years in power to handle the reshuffle, all by him. And the stakes evidently were quite high for him. Because, after the May 29 episode when Mohapatra allegedly attempted to dethrone Naveen, the BJD is seen to have been divided and Naveen has been constantly under pressure to oust Pyari supporters from the government. Added to his problems was the recent threat by Pyari that any attempt to do away with his loyalists from the ministry could make Naveen's continuance in power untenable.There is no secret that Pyari loyalists are galore not only in the ministry but in the party. That they have not yet come out openly for the fallen Rajya Sabha member and if talks in the party are to be believed would never stand by Pyari in the future is beside the point. But Naveen, who the post-May 29 'failed coup' has used every possible source to identify Pyari supporters, apparently was wary of dumping all his perceived detractors in one go. Hence, he chose a middle path, dropping some like Prafulla Ghadei, Atanu Sabyasachi Nayak and Prafulla Samal for the time being and keeping others for the future.Power attracts many. Now that almost all in the BJD claim to be Naveen loyalists, the chief minister in his desperation to ward off possible threat from Pyari, however, could not satisfy everybody. He took Damodar Rout, whom he had removed earlier from the ministry. Bijayashree Routray, who had earlier resigned as minister after being accused of taking bribe in the World Bank project, was re-inducted as a cabinet minister. So was the case with Rabi Narayan Nanda, who had to quit as a minister in a similar circumstance. \"The 2014 Assembly election is still quite far. There could be another reshuffle before that when some others might be accommodated,\" said a senior BJD functionary.But the political circle here see Thursday's ministry as not an end to Naveen's problem.\"The tainted persons are back in the ministry. Naveen Patnaik's government has never been transparent and is full of corruption and scams. Thursday's ministry reshuffle indicates the situation is unlikely to improve,\" said PCC president Niranjan Patnaik.The state BJP president Jual Oram is skeptical about the government's stability. He felt the dissension in the government and party would increase in the coming days.\"Trouble is bound to mount for Naveen Patnaik in the future,\" Oram said.But those removed from the ministry expressed their loyalty to Naveen Patnaik and ruled out revolt in the party.\"Naveen Patnaik is our leader. How he gives shape to his ministry is the prerogative of the chief minister,\" was the view of both Prafulla Ghadei and Atanu Sabyasachi Nayak.Pyarimohan Mohapatra, who predicted a bigger problem for Naveen, nevertheless offered his reaction quite diplomatically. \"All are my loyalists including the chief minister. Those inducted in the ministry and those removed are my supporters,\" Pyari said, declining to comment whether the ministry reshuffle would set the voice of dissension louder in the ruling party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bongaon", "code": "15332243", "title": "Drug dart ends langur's week-long terror run", "text": "Bongaon: The people of Gopalnagar village in Bongaon finally heaved a sigh of relief on Thursday. The tormentor - a two-and-a half-foot long male gray langur who had forced them to spend sleepless nights - was captured by forest officials. Nearly 92 persons, including women and kids, had to be given anti-rabies vaccine in the past one week after they were attacked by the simians.The langur and its band had wreaked havoc in the area. While forest officers managed to trap three female langurs, the male langur had been evading them for quite some time. It was after several road blocks and protest meetings that foresters on Thursday evening at last managed to get hold of the animal.It's a simian terror of the worst kind. Nearly 92 people, including women and kids, had to be administered anti-rabies vaccine in the past week in Gopalnagar off Bongaon-Chakdah road, after attacked by a gray langur. While Forest officers have been able to trap three female langurs, the tormentor - a nearly 30 inch long male gray langur - has still managed to evade them. Several road blocks and protests meeting later, the forest department is rushing more men, to trap the langur and give some respite to the exasperated - and angry - locals.District forest officer Kaushik Sarkar said, \"We had earlier tried to tranquilize the rogue langur. But after being hit with the first shot, it fled. There is a nomadic group of langurs in this belt. However, after the capture of the three females, the male could not be seen which made it difficult for us to capture it.\"Luckily, on spotting it on Thursday, the officials managed to tranquilise it and took away the langur with them.None of them are to be seen. They've possibly fled, after three were trapped and one got hurt. We are trying to locate the rogue langur and tranquilize it.\"The animal might have been ill and had attacked the locals out of irritation, Sarkar added. The locals had also been cautioned not to harm the animals as they are protected under Schedule 2, Part 1 of the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972.they suspect the langur to be ill which is resulting in its irritation - and its subsequent attacks on people. He, however, also cautioned the locals against any attempt to kill the beast for it is protected under Schedule-2, Part-1 of the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972.Saffuddin Chowdhury, a local social activist said, \"There are some langurs in our locality. But we haven't experienced such a horrible situation before. It all started on July 13.Possibly a few rogue langurs are creating this nuisance\".Villager Debaprasad Ghosal narrated his ordeal. He was returning home on his bike when the langur jumped on him. said the langur suddenly jumped onto his motorcycle while he was headed home.\"The animal then dug its pierced its sharp nails into my neck. I stopped my bike and took shelter in flung into a roadside ditch and managed to evade the langur from attacking me further,\" he said. Fourteen-year-old Sajal Saha has a similar story to tell. He was on his bicycle, returning from tuition classes, when he was attacked. \"It first hopped onto my bicycle, throwing me off. It then bit my left arm,\" he said.Superintendent of Bongaon Subdivision Hospital, Gayaram Naskar, said, \"We have given ARV (anti-rabies vaccine) to 92 victims of the area who were bitten by the langurs mostly on their hands and feet. Unlike canine or feline bites, in these cases we don't stitch the wounds to avoid the risk of infection.\"Satyajit Dutta, a local who was part of a sit-in-demonstration on Wednesday, said, \"We had even stopped sending the children to school. We didn't intend to harm the animals and were therefore pleading with the so we are demanding that forest officers to come to our help intervene and help us immediately.\" Even as he said this, the langur attacked two more. Sanjib Das and Arati Biswas were attacked by the langur on their way to their Gopalnagar home.It isn't just them. Debaprasad Ghosal (40) said the langur suddenly jumped on his motorcycle while he was headed home. \"The animal them pieced its sharp long nails on the back of my neck. I was scared. I stopped my bike and flung into a roadside ditch and managed to evade it from attacking me further,\" he said. 14-year-old Sajal Saha faced a similar ordeal. He was on his bicycle, returning from his tuition classes when attacked. \"It first hopped on my bicycle, throwing me off. It then bit my left arm,\" he said. Bongaon Subdivision Hospital, superintendent, Dr. Gayaram Naskar said, \"We have given ARV (anti rabies vaccine) to 92 victims of that area who were bitten by the langurs mostly on their hands and feet. Like any other canine or feline bites in these cases we don't stitch the wounds to avoid the risk of infection \" Gopalnagar village bore a deserted look even today. And it only gets worse in the dark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "15333175", "title": "Villagers protest over prisoner's death in Ajmer", "text": "AJMER: A prisoner Mangal Singh (61), who was sentenced for ten years in an excise case, died here on Wednesday. People of nearby Narpatkhera village staged heavy protest at the JLN hospital alleging negligence on part of the jail authorities.Villagers alleged if Mangal was ill then why did jail officials not inform his family. They also demanded compensation as Mangal's family, which is poor and large with six daughters and selling milk being their only source of income.District administration agreed to constitute a medical board for postmortem of the body to find out the reason of his death. \"We have decided that the village will spend on Mangal's crimination owing to his family's limited resources,\" Lal Singh Rawat, husband of sarpanch of Narpatkhera, said.According to sources, Mangal Singh s/o Pusa Singh of Bhojpur village was sentenced in a fake liquor case and on Wednesday his condition became serious in jail after which he was sent to JLN hospital for treatment. He died before reaching the hospital. As per jail superintendent, Mangal was unwell since long.On Thursday morning, villagers from Narpatkhera reached the hospital and showed heavy protest. \"I went to jail yesterday to meet my brother and they said that he was admitted to the hospital and when we went to the hospital they said my brother was in the morgue,\" said Bhagwan Singh, brother of a deceased.Villagers refused to take Mangal's body and shouted slogans against jail administration. \"Even Sita, Mangal's wife, met him in jail last month but he was well that time,\" added Bhagwan Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "vishal nagar", "code": "15336934", "title": "Sanjeev\u2019s on a \u2018record\u2019 high note", "text": "VISHAL NAGAR: In a room in Sanjeev Puri's Vishal Nagar house lies a treasure trove of vintage music passed on over a generation. A music connoisseur's ultimate haunt, a history hunter's dream find \u2014 it's 14,000 gramophone records that predate audio cassettes and CDs by over a century.Sanjeev says he's glad that after decades of living in the shadow of modern innovations, gramophone records are making waves again. He says, \"Old records are our history and there is a need to protect them for the next generation. We have to make efforts to make youngsters appreciate the difficulties one faced at that time to produce them.\"Despite being well-known as a collector, the true extent of Sanjeev's passion for gramophone records was revealed when his favourite stars, Rajesh Khanna and Dev Anand, bid adieu to their fans recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "15336566", "title": "Metallic rakhis from Kolkata do brisk business in Gumla", "text": "GUMLA: Costly metallic rakhis brought from Kolkata did brisk business in Gumla. Metallic rakhis made in Kolkata ranges from Rs 25 to Rs 350, said Amit Kumar, who runs a gift item shop in the town. During the last four to five days, buyers sold them at higher prices, he claimed.In comparison to last year, sale of rakhis was unexpectedly higher and despite that shops were crowded in second half of the day, added another rakhi seller Gautam Kumar.In rural bazaar too, rakhis did good business, he said.Om and Swastik symbol-adorned items were also in demand as they looked chic and were cheaper in comparison to the metallic ones.The overall market went up to Rs 15 lakh in the district, according to an assessment made by a member of district chamber of commerce. Even grocery shop owner had stocked rakhi in his shop besides many having erected stalls to sell colourful and shining rakhis here in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332761", "title": "Congress workers \u2018race\u2019 to stall film shoot", "text": "MUMBAI: Congress workers went to Yashraj Studios and disrupted the shoot of Deepika Padukone starrer, Race 2 , on Thursday.The party men claimed that some of the foreign dancers did not possess a work permit. Later they called the police and asked them to arrest the foreign crew members.\"They told the watchman that they wanted to talk to us. Once they came in, they started asking for work permits,\" film producer Ramesh Taurani said.\"Ten foreign crew members had work permits and other related documents. 16 foreign nationals on the set were students of a Pune college who had come to watch the shooting,\" said a senior police officer.\"We will inform the passport authorities about the students and they will decide the future course of action,\" said Harishchandra Vhatkar, senior inspector of Amboli police station. \"Party workers did not enter the premises forcibly so we have not registered any case against them,\" added a police officer.According to sources, unions are fighting to establish their supremacy in the industry and conduct \"surprise checks\" at film shoots to verify the work permit of foreign crew members. \"Their intention is to pressurize a producer to hire crew members affiliated to their union,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15333319", "title": "Palm oil import to hurt coconut oil: Coconut Development Board", "text": "KOCHI: The presence of low-priced imported edible oils will cause a significant dent on the marketability of coconut oil in various markets in the country, said a statement from the Coconut Development Board.\"Imported edible oils enjoy tariff concession as well as subsidy and this brings down their market price at retail level,\" the statement said.\"During the November 2011 -May 2012 period, import of refined oil (RBD Palmolein) increased 97%. A total of 1 million tonnes of oil was imported during the period, compared to 5.5 lakh tonnes in the corresponding period last year.\"\"The excessive import of edible oils, especially the palm oil, during the peak coconut production season would definitely trigger price crash of coconut oil. The price movement of coconut oil reveals that import of large quantities of palm oil would result in crash of coconut oil price,\" the Board's statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15332528", "title": "Future Cap may file plaint against Deccan Chronicle promoters", "text": "HYDERABAD: After Karvy Stock Broking Ltd filed a police complaint against promoters of Deccan Chronicle Holdings Limited (DCHL) a couple of days ago, Future Capital Holdings Ltd too is likely to follow suit and register a complaint against DCHL promoters with the Hyderabad police by the end of the week.Highly placed sources in Mumbai told TOI that FCHL representatives were in touch with senior Mumbai police officials, who advised them to lodge a complaint with Hyderabad police.It is learnt that apparently FCHL representatives are contending that they were made a victim of cheating to the tune of Rs 170 crore.It was only on Tuesday that Hyderabad police had registered a case under Sections 406, 420, 468 and 471 of the CrPC read with section 34 of IPC against DCHL promoters - T Venkattram Reddy, T Vinayak Ravi Reddy and PK Iyer -- on a complaint filed by Karvy representatives alleging breach of trust, concealing of actual facts, inducing the company by misrepresentation of information, providing incorrect information to a third party, introducing forged documents in the name of KSBL and acting fraudulently with a deliberate attempt to defraud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15339347", "title": "Rachana Mourya sizzles in Sr. NTR\u2019s song", "text": "'Puttintollu Tharimesaru...Kattukunnadu Vodilesadu' is a super hit yesteryear item number from Vetagadu, starring late Sr. NTR. The legendary actor was seen shaking his leg with item girl Jayamalini in this song. And the latest news is that the same song would be remixed by Nara Rohit's in his forthcoming film Okkadine.Rachana Mourya would be stepping into the shoes of Jayamalini and shaking her booty with Nara Rohit. The song was recently shot in Ramoji Film City and director director Srinivas Raga had roped in around 70 models to film this song along with Rachana Mourya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15336153", "title": "Jism 2: Pooja Bhatt hasn't dubbed for Sunny Leone", "text": "Sunny Leone might have gone on record to state that contrary to expectations, learning her Hindi lines, memorizing them and delivering them perfectly was the easiest part of the shoot.But fact is that it might still take a while for the actor to dub her own line for a Bollywood movie. Though speculation was galore over whether Pooja Bhatt would be dubbing her lines, that isn't the truth either.The lady who lent her voice to Sunny is a professional dubbing artiste from Mumbai. Says a source, \"Sunny's voice has been dubbed. No, it is not Pooja Bhatt who has done the job. He voice has been dubbed by a professional dubbing artiste. Her name is Smita.\"Those who have watched the film agree that Smita has done a swell job and her voice is in complete sync with Sunny's character.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15336325", "title": "Romeo on bike reigned in", "text": "SURAT: His passion was to impress girls with new motorcycles, which he had been doing successfully until nabbed here on Wednesday by the police in an operation against eve-teasers. The 24-year-old accused, a class VIII drop out, told police that he had stolen at least 25 two-wheelers from the city just to impress girls.Tejas Rana, a resident of Bhathena, was arrested when he was teasing girls on a stolen Honda Splendor GJ-5-EK-8423 near Sidhhi Vinayak Temple. Rana could not produce papers for the bike and thus taken to police station for a detailed questioning. Rana has confessed to stealing the Splendor bike from Bhagal and 24 other two-wheelers, which also included scooters. Police have recovered 10 stolen vehicles from him so far.If a girl complained about him, Rana would leave the two-wheeler at the spot and flee. He used to open the two-wheeler locks with duplicate keys. He never changed the registration number plates of the stolen two wheelers. His father, Rajubhai, is into jari manufacturing business, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15336069", "title": "Bhangra wars 2012!", "text": "The 'Bhangra Duo' Inder Singh &amp; Sodi Singh of world famous Gabhru Panjab De will host Bhangra Wars 2012. Presented by Desi Kuri Events in association with Simplybhangra.com it will be night of world class Bhangra performances from Sukshinder Shinda, Saini Surinder, Gupsy Aujla, Benny Dhaliwal, Dev Dhillon &amp; Raju Dinehwala.Bhangra Wars 2012 will indeed be a colorful show witnessing 10 of the Bravest UK Bhangra teams competing to be crowned the Winners of Bhangra Wars 2012. It will be one of the Biggest Open UK Bhangra Competition to take place this year.A vibrant evening showcasing UK Panjabi Culture. An event not to be missed; 1 Venue; 1 Stage; 10 UK Teams; 5 Judges; but only 1 Winner!!This event is in support of raising awareness and funds for the Internationally recognised Humanitarian Charities Khalsa Aid &amp; Focus Punjab.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15331859", "title": "Indian staff may sue Italy embassy over bias in wages", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indians employed in the Italian embassy here receive less than one-third of the salaries paid to their Italian counterparts and have now sought permission from the ministry of external affairs (MEA) to sue the ambassador for discriminating them on the grounds of nationality and race.The Indians employed in the Italian embassy in the post of executive receive an annual salary between 6,652 and 7,225 euros, whereas the Italians in the same post are paid salary between 21,924 and 54,724 euros.Counsel for the Indian employees in the embassy, advocate Gopal Shankaranarayanan, has written to the MEA saying the ambassador and the government of Italy had not taken corrective measures despite repeated representations for corrections in the wage anomaly leaving no other option but to initiate legal proceedings for resolution of the dispute.The employees had represented the ambassador saying, \"It is apparent from a comparison of salaries being paid to your local contract-holder employees in these posts that locally hired executives are receiving salaries far below those given to their colleagues who are Italian nationals, regardless of the fact that the work being done is exactly the same.\"The employees in their representation to the MEA said that the principles of \"equal pay for equal work\" and non-discrimination on the grounds of race and nationality were integral percepts of both Indian and Italian law. They said in response to their earlier legal notice, the embassy had denied any wrong-doing and their claim for pay parity with their Italian counterparts.Shankaranarayanan said, \"The only option available to the Indian employees in the Italian embassy is to file a suit in the Delhi high court making specific claims concerning equalization of pay, and disbursement of arrears with effect from their respective dates of appointment.\"The employees said the Italian ambassador is keenly pursuing the case of two naval guards who are facing murder charges in Kerala for allegedly killing two fishermen.\"The Indian employees of the Italian embassy believe that the ambassador of Italy ought to show the same keenness and alacrity while dealing with his own employees who are Indian nationals as he does while dealing with the naval guards who are Italian nationals. It is his solemn duty to ensure that the discrimination being carried out in the name of his nation be stopped forthwith, especially when it has carried on for more than 10 years,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15334009", "title": "Centre Point School director funded Adarsh flat", "text": "NAGPUR: Uttam Gakhare, who got a flat allotted in the controversial Adarsh Society in 2003-04, was loaned Rs50.65 lakhs of the total price of Rs52 lakhs by Arundhati (Aruna) Upadhyaya, the director of the popular Centre Point group of schools. The allotment is among the handful with a Nagpur link but has no connection with BJP MP Ajay Sancheti. Upadhyaya is the daughter of former Congress stalwart, the late NKP Salve.On Tuesday, TOI had reported how 1/10th of the flats in Adarsh have been funded by SAN Finance Corporation, an arm of the SMS Group of Companies which is run by Sancheti, his brother Anand and uncle Abhay. Upadhyaya's husband Arun emphatically stated, \"It is not a case like Sancheti.\"Though Gakhare's name has always been there on the Adarsh list of allottees, he had managed to remain behind the scene as the focus was on several bigger names. TOI managed to trace him on Thursday through records available with one of the investigating agencies.\"At that time it seemed like a good investment, but today I regret the decision to buy the flat,\" said Gakhare. Confirming that she had given him a loan, Upadhyaya said, \"I help a lot of people, because I can afford it. Be it for education or buying a house, I have helped many.\"She, however, had no recollection of the amount that was given to Gakhare. \"I loaned him an amount which he would have been fully able to repay, the records of it are with CBI,\" said Upadhyaya. \"I already have a house in Mumbai, so why should I buy another,\" she added.\"The loan amount from Upadhyaya was around Rs39 lakhs,\" said Gakhare. However, the investigating agency has recorded the loan amount at Rs50.65 lakhs.Gakhare is a civil contractor who resides in a two-storey independent house in the middle-class locality of Patil Layout in Swawalambi Nagar. He is a popular man in the area and people in the locality identify him as a \"rich businessman\". They informed that Gakhare organizes functions during festivals like Ganpathi and Dussehra.\"I have been doing construction jobs at schools run by Upadhyaya since several years and it is in their house that I learnt about the Adarsh scheme,\" said Gakhare.Upadhyaya admitted that she had given him the details. \"I got to know about the flat through Kanhaiyalal Gidwani (MLC and one of the accused in the Adarsh scam) who is a close friend. He told me about the housing society coming up in Mumbai. Gakhare was looking to invest and I passed on the information to him,\" she said. Gidwani, according to Upadhyaya, was a close friend of Salve.Upadhyaya, who is a successful educationist, claims she never found anything suspicious about the cheap rate at which the Adarsh flat was available even though it was situated in tony Colaba area. \"Rs50 lakh for a 650 square feet flat in the locality in 2004 was very much close to the market rates of that time,\" she said.The Upadhyaya couple added that the money lent to Gakhare came through \"legitimate means of running the Mother's Pet Kindergarten school\". \"This is on record with the CBI,\" she said.\"Uttam is like my child. I'm feeling guilty now for having recommended the Adarsh flat,\" added Upadhyaya.She told TOI that the loan would have been recovered through work undertaken by Gakhare. No interest has been charged. The Upadhyayas didn't seem worried about not getting their money back now. \"He has the means to pay it,\" said Arun.The Upadhyayas not only loaned Gakhare the amount, they also helped him with the procedure. \"There is nothing amiss in my case but now I have been caught in the crossfire,\" said Gakhare.Most of the allottees from Nagpur who have a flat in Adarsh got it due to their acquaintance with either chief promoter RC Thakur or the Sancheti family. Gakhare, however, said that he did not know both the parties.BoxARUNDHATI UPADHYAYA is...* Daughter of former I&B; minister, the late NKP Salve* Director of the popular Centre Point group of schools* A well-known personality in Nagpur, along with her husband Arun* Sister of Supreme Court lawyer Harish SalveUTTAM GAKHARE is...* A resident of Swawalambi Nagar, a middle class locality* A civil contractor in and around Nagpur* A prominent person in his locality who organizes festivities* Close friend of NMC leader of opposition, Congman Vikas Thakre* Lives in a large two-storeyed house", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15334578", "title": "NIO's Shetye appointed Goa varsity VC", "text": "PANAJI: Present National Institute of Oceanography (NIO) director Satish Shetye will be the new vice-chancellor of Goa University (GU). Orders for Shetye's appointment have been issued by chancellor and Goa governor BV Wanchoo, sources said.Sources said as per the order, he has been asked to take charge \"with immediate effect\". Shetye's tenure at NIO ends in October.The appointment of a VC at the earliest is vital as the constitution of the university's executive council has to take place in the first week of August every year. It is crucial that a full-time VC is in place before that.Shetye, who replaces Dileep Deobagkar, is one of the two selected for the distinguished alumnus award of Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Bombay for 2006. He took over as NIO director in 2004.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15332807", "title": "Bangalore tops in consumer confidence", "text": "BANGALORE: Amid a global slowdown and worsening domestic finance in Asia's third-largest economy, there's a glimmer of hope. There's buoyant optimism in consumer confidence and India leads the pack in Asia-Pacific.India recorded the highest level of optimism in the first half of 2012 of the 14 markets surveyed in Asia-Pacific and Bangalore topped the country's charts according to a recent. Among the four cities surveyed, Bangalore scored the highest (100 index points), followed by Chennai (79.0), New Delhi (78.7) and Mumbai (69.3).\"The high per capita income in Bangalore can be compared to top cities in the world. This is because most businesses focus on intellectual property, considered the future of business. As a result there's a lot of capital flowing into the city. The standard of living is better than in other metros. This is reflected in the increasing number of car and two-wheeler owners, the number of people eating out and those who splurge on brands,\" said brand consultant Harish Bijoor.Others feel that consumer confidence in India, which may not be as high as it's perceived to be, is still higher than in many countries in the West and South-East Asia. \"Consumer confidence has been dented this year due to high inflation, slow economic growth, and smaller increments for working professionals due to economic pressures. But we're still better than many countries growing much slower than us,\" said Arvind Singhal, chairman, Technopak Advisors, a management consultancy.The survey, released on Thursday, indicates that India is very optimistic with a score of 82.1 points. It says Indian consumers' high degree of optimism is both deep-rooted and all-pervasive.As many as 11,376 respondents aged between 18 and 64, from 25 countries in Asia-Pacific, Middle-East and Africa were interviewed between April 24 and June 10 this year. Respondents were asked five questions pertaining to their six-month outlook on the economy, employment prospects, local stock market, regular income prospects and quality of life. The results were converted into five component indices which were averaged to form the worldwide index. The survey has been done MasterCard Worldwide.Asia-Pacific resultsConsumer confidence in Asia-Pacific saw a slight rise to 57.2 index points from 52.1 index points in the second half of 2011. The index showed stability in key indicators of employment (49.3-54.0), economy (49.3-51.8) and quality of life (49.6-51.7). There was improvement in key indicators of regular income (64.5 to 71.9) and stock market (47.9 to 56.5). China, Malaysia and Thailand saw strong improvement in consumer confidence during the past six months while Japan recorded a very pessimistic outlook towards the economy. India achieved high scores on all five indicators -- regular income (86.6), quality of life, stock market (83.0), economy (78.6) and employment (78.3).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15333878", "title": "Nagpur civic officials attend workshop on PCPNDT Act", "text": "NAGPUR: Following complaints of misbehaviour from senior doctors against officials during inspection of sonography clinics, the civil surgeon office and the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) on Thursday jointly organized a district-level workshop on Pre Conception and Pre Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act for their doctors and tehsildars.Participants were not only given technical details about sonography centres and inspection procedures but also given talk on behavioural aspects. Collector Saurabh Rao and civil surgeon Dr VD Badhe addressed their subordinates at the workshop. Legal counsellor of the civil surgeon office, Amita Khobragade, spoke about the legal aspects of the act while gynaecologist Dr Warsha Dhawale presented the doctors' side.\"The civic authorities, including officials from the health department of Zilla Parishad, NMC and others are trying to perform their duties. We are noticing that people who indulged in illegal sex determination are now scared of doing so,\" said Rao. While expressing satisfaction on this positive change, he also pointed out people too need to change their mindset. \"In the third phase of the inspections, the NMC and the Zilla Parishad will be cross-checking centres in each other's jurisdiction,\" he added.Assistant resident medical officer with civil surgeon office, Dr Ravindra Ingole, said special sessions were held for officials on behaviour and communication during inspections. \"We were informed that many senior doctors from the city were offended by the language of some of our officials. While we would want to apologize for whatever happened in the past, we wish to assure the doctors that no such thing will happen in the future,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15332410", "title": "Two stabbed in Habeebnagar", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two youths were stabbed alleged by a Nepali national at Habeebnagar on Thursday morning. While one of them is critical, the other escaped with minor gashes.The two youths __ Syed Rabbani and Imran __ were sitting near a community hall when they reportedly had an alternation with Amar Bahadur Tapha, a Nepali national, who was passing by. Following a heated argument, Tapha pulled out a knife and stabbed them. Rabbani, who was critically injured, was admitted to Osmania General Hospital while Imran was treated as an outpatient. Tapha runs a fast food joint in Ziaguda and was said to be in an inebriated condition. Although a crowd started to gather after the attack, Habeebnagar police arrived at the scene before tension could build up and took the accused into custody. The police also recovered a knife from his possession. Tapha was produced before court in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15336935", "title": "BJP govt protecting right-wing outfits: Women activists", "text": "MYSORE: Women activists and writers on Thursday protested the attack on girls at a resort in Mangalore, and accused the BJP government of promoting and protecting pro-Hindu outfits.The Sangh Parivar, including Hindu Jagrana Vedike, Bajrang Dal , Sri Rama Sene, were targeting people in the coastal districts of Dakshina Kannada, Udupi and Uttara Kannada and trying to drive a wedge between communities in the name of religion and culture, they alleged.They added that such pro-Hindu organizations were active in the state since the BJP government was extending support to them. Accusing RSS of controlling the government, the activists questioned: \"What more can be expected?\"\"People voted BJP to power to give them a chance. But now, the saffron party is promoting rogues and challenging the secularism of the state,\" they said.Writer Cha Sarvamangala, women activist Meera Naik, theatre personality Sumathi and social activist Parusharam led the protest at the deputy commissioner's office hosted by Federation of Progressive Organizations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15336379", "title": "Polyester saris to get costlier as input costs rise", "text": "SURAT: The low cost nine-yard wonder manufactured in Surat may soon get costlier for the women from the lower and lower middle class families in the country. Textile traders dealing in polyester saris are set to increase the wholesale prices by around 25 per cent to match the increase in the manufacturing cost of the polyester fabric resulting from the steep rise in the prices of yarn, natural gas, chemicals, coal, etc.This means that saris presently costing Rs 150 per piece in the wholesale market in the city will now be sold at Rs 190. And the same sari on reaching the retail shops across the country would be sold at the prices ranging between Rs 300 and Rs 350.The textile sector in Surat is the biggest manufacturer of cheap polyester saris ranging from Rs 80 to Rs 150 for which there is a huge demand from the lower and lower middle class families from different states, mainly Uttar Pradesh, Bihar , Jharkhand and Orissa.Devkishan Manghani, former president of Federation of Surat Textile Traders Association (FOSTTA) and a textile trader himself, said, \"The low cost saris will go out of reach of the lower and lower middle class women across the country. The price rise comes at a time when the festival season has started.\"Rajesh Surana, a leading yarn dealer said, \"The yarn prices in the last two weeks have increased by almost Rs 14 per kilogram. Yarn is the main raw material of the power loom weavers who produce raw polyester fabric from it. The textile processors too have increased their job charges making the saris a bit costlier.\"There are about 55,000 textile traders in the sari business in Surat who supply low cost saris worth Rs 4,000 crore every year.A recent report by the leading credit rating agency, ICRA , revealed that saris, as a category, has clocked an impressive 8.8 per cent annual growth in value terms while the growth of other textile products like suiting, shirting, readymade garments etc has declined between 1998 and 2011 to become a Rs 53,459 crore market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15336528", "title": "Villagers tie raksha dhaga to trees in Kolhan forests", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The initiative of the forest department to sensitize forest dwellers about conservation, witnessed a warm response on Thursday when scores of villagers tied raksha dhaga (the bond of protection) on thousands of trees in all three districts of Kolhan division on the occasion of Raksha Bandhan.The people of 50 villages in Seraikela-Kharswan, East Singhbhum and West Singhbhum districts, turned up in large numbers to observe raksha dhaga day, which is being organized by the forest department every year on the occasion of Raksha Bandhan.\"Every year, more and more villagers are turning up for the festival which shows that they have woken up to the significance of the programme,\" said the conservator of forests, Kolhan division, Sanjay Kumar.The senior forest officer, who was present at Banaketa village in Potka block for the programme, said, \"The forest dwellers have realized this programme is not just a ritual but a well meaning initiative to conserve greenery.\"Village forest protection committees were instrumental in motivating the villagers to participate in the programme. \"In the early years of its introduction, this programme was not very popular, but when the local committees got active, villagers got encouraged and motivated,\" said a forest official in Seraikela.\"There is a sense of belonging when they tie the dhaga to a tree. This feeling is essential for implementing conservation measures,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15334403", "title": "Man held for raping minor repeatedly", "text": "MARGAO: The Maina Curtorim police on Thursday arrested Mario Anthony Cardozo, 25, a resident of Kavate in Guiridolim, on charges of raping a minor girl.Police sources said that the accused took the 15-year-old student to a secluded place on his two-wheeler on Thursday morning and raped her.Acting on a complaint lodged by an NGO, the police arrested the accused. Police investigations revealed that the accused had raped the girl twice between December, 2011, and May, 2012. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15332408", "title": "Oxford to give Shakespeare's First Folio a digital makeover", "text": "LONDON: The University of Oxford has launched a campaign to raise funds to digitize the first edition of William Shakespeare's plays, known as First Folio dated 1623, to make it available on the internet.The First Folio was shown to Indian actor Amitabh Bachchan during his visit to Oxford in May last year. It is rarely brought out to be shown to visitors due to its worn condition. Delicate restoration work has been carried out on its leather binding and other aspects. The campaign by Oxford's Bodleian Library is called 'Sprint for Shakespeare'.The project will involve the digitization of almost 1,000 pages, and funds will also support work to stabilize the condition of the First Folio and protect the original for the future. The First Folio is the first collected edition of Shakespeare's plays, published seven years after his death by two of his fellow actors.The tattered pages of the First Folio reflect the hands that have turned its pages: Romeo and Juliet was read almost to disintegration, while King John has been left pristine. The Bodleian's First Folio is unique in not having been rebound or restored in four centuries since it was first received by the library in late 1623.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15334601", "title": "Govt to cancel allotment of IT habitat plots", "text": "PORVORIM: The government on Thursday decided to cancel the allotment of all plots at Rajiv Gandhi IT Habitat at Dona Paula and approved a decision to bring a bill for abolition of the plots.The cabinet also decided to empower the InfoTech corporation of Goa to obtain loans to refund the amount to the 18 plot allottees within 10 years. ITG will later invite fresh bids for reallotment of plots, sources said.The proposed Goa Rajiv Gandhi IT habitat cancellation/abolition and regulation of allotment of plots bill has been vetted by the law department and is likely to be brought in the assembly, sources told TOI.The cabinet felt that plot allottees would be refunded the amount they paid along with simple interest at the rate of 10% per annum.During 2006 and 2007, ITG headed by Dayanand Narvekar allotted 18 plots of varying sizes for setting up IT/IT enabled services. Since December 2007, no work has been carried out and the project remains paralyzed.The cabinet observed there were various complaints with regard to the allotment of plots and a writ petition filed by Nitol Jinn is pending in the high court. As the purpose of setting up the IT habitat has been defeated, the government has taken the latest decision so as to reallot plots and generate employment, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15336332", "title": "Molestation, riots affecting state education scenario", "text": "GUWAHATI: With incidents like molestation and communal riots taking place in the northeast, the education scenario in the state is getting affected as students coming here for better educational opportunities from remote areas might not consider it as a safe educational destination anymore.Aliya Dutta, a student who took admission in a city-based college said, \"I was sent out of my home for the first time, but after the GS Road incident my parents do not want me to stay here anymore. My college has a hostel but they still think it is unsafe. With the clashes in Kokrajhar and Chirang districts, my parents feel tension might spark here also so they are planning to take me back.\"\"Northeast has been in the news for all the wrong reasons of late; even the people of the state do not feel safe anymore. I know there hasn't been any impact of the Kokrajhar riot in the city, but it is difficult to make parents understand,\" she added.The recent incidents have put a big question mark on the law and order in the state and parents who are living out of the state do not feel confident to send their wards alone here.Paritosh Misra, a guardian said, \"For those who are based here, the parents can take care of their children if something goes wrong. But for parents who are not from the state, it is not possible to reach the spot immediately in case of an emergency. So, it is more difficult for us as we remain tense till we reach the spot.\"However, academicians and teachers feel that these incidents should not deter a person from his academic pursuits. KK Choudhury, regional officer, CBSE said, \"Riots and one molestation case cannot be a reason for students not coming here to study. There are so many incidents of crime happening in Delhi, but it still remains one of the most sought-after academic hubs for students.\"\"Besides that, this is just a temporary phase. Northeast is coming up with a lot new institutes and the fear that has gripped people's mind is understood, but this should not stop them from giving their children a good education,\" he added.Sumita Dutta, a school teacher said, \"Most of the schools and colleges now have good hostel facility, so parents should not worry. Also, school and colleges now put great emphasis on the security of the students and incidents like this are not as frequent here as in the big metros. So, if parents can send the children to the metros, why not here?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15333778", "title": "Don't cover up BSP scams: BJP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Reacting to the statement of state urban development minister Azam Khan, the Bharatiya Janata Party has asked the Samajwadi Party government to desist from covering up scams which took place during the Bahujan Samaj Party government.BJP spokesperson Vijay Kumar Pathak said the minister had stated that SP government's generosity in not questioning BSP leaders for their involvement in loot and corruption should not be treated as the government's weakness.Further, the BJP asked what difficulties SP government is facing in fulfilling the promises it made in the election manifesto.\"Why couldn't the minister assess then that the party will not act in vengeance when on page number 20 of the manifesto, the party promised the constitution of a commission which was to complete the probe into alleged scams in the past five years in a stipulated timeframe,\" Pathak questioned.This, when the chief minister Akhilesh Yadav regularly says that the promises made in the manifesto would be fulfilled, Pathak quipped.The BJP spokesperson also advocated for multi-member Lokayukta as promised by the SP government in its manifesto. The BJP spokesperson urged the chief minister to stay focused on fulfilling his promises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15337485", "title": "Taxpayers happy over extension of e-filing date", "text": "MUMBAI: Laggard taxpayers in Mumbai are happy that the income tax department has extended the due date of e-filing of I-T returns to August 31.A notice to this effect was uploaded on the department's official web site Tuesday evening. The move was necessitated by the massive power failure that gripped north India as well as the fact that certain categories of taxpayers were compulsorily required to file their returns online. Earlier this week TOI had reported that the large volume of traffic on the I-T department web site had caused the portal to crash intermittently.As a result, several citizens had trouble logging into the site. This year onward, individuals and HUF assessees who earn more than Rs 10 lakh per annum or own foreign assets are required to file returns online. This became difficult in north India owing to the breakdown of the northern power grid while Mumbaikars found it difficult to access the site.The I-T department has also relaxed compulsory e-filing for representative assessees of non-residents and private discretionary trusts for this year. These categories were also finding it difficult to file returns online. S", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15336343", "title": "Fraud glare on finance firm", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state crime branch on Thursday swooped down on Ashore Group, a finance management firm, for its alleged involvement in illegal money circulation. This comes close on the heels of the recent crackdown on multi-business conglomerate Sea Shore Group in Bhubaneswar.Simultaneous raids were conducted on the company's offices in Bhubaneswar and Balasore. \"Prima facie, Ashore Group was into illegal money circulation to the tune of Rs 3 crore per month. We are verifying its bank transactions and would freeze the company accounts,\" ADG crime branch B K Sharma told TOI.\"Cases have been registered against the company under Prize Chits and Money Circulation Schemes (Banning) Act 1978. We have detained company's managing director Biresh Kumar Choudhury and director Dipak Kumar Pathal for interrogation,\" Sharma said.Sources said that the company was set up on November 18, 2010. The company allegedly collected crores of rupees from gullible investors to double their money in quick time. Police were verifying whether or not the company was registered according to law. \"During inquiry we found that the company had promised higher interest rates to the depositors. On an average, it claimed to have given 3% on deposits per month. Many unsuspected upper, middle and lower-middle class people were lured by such fake claims,\" Sharma said.Crime branch recently received complaints from some victims, who fell prey to the controversial company. Police are trying to find out exactly how many people deposited their money in the scheme. Though the company had not diversified its business into other trades, it was believed to have forayed into pharmaceutical business in Balasore, crime branch sources said. However, the company's website described that it was dealing with life insurance, general insurance, loans and deposits, equity trading and land related products. The company functionaries were not available for comment.This was the third major police clampdown on money circulation companies in Bhubaneswar within a span of one month. Earlier, the economic offences wing of the crime branch had frozen the accounts (Rs 2.71 crore) of Sai Pragati Assets and Properties Private Limited and Sea Shore Group in July. The companies first won the confidence of depositors by ensuring prompt payments for some months and disappeared with large sums of money suddenly. In many cases, the investors don't even approach the police fearing loss of their money if the operator is arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15332007", "title": "Notice to attorney general as public interest litigation challenges constitutional amendment", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has issued a notice to the attorney general of India after a public interest litigation challenged the legality of the 97th amendment of the Constitution. The PIL said that the amendement deals with co-operative societies, which is purely a state subject.This PIL was filed by Rajendra Shah of Consumer Protection Analytic Committee, who claimed that the Centre has no legislative competence to enact a law for co-operative societies, which is a state subject according to the Constitution of India.The 97th amendment with regard to promotion of cooperatives by the state government was passed by Parliament in December last year. It received presidential assent in January this year, and was published in Gazette of India and came into effect from February 15.The PIL Vishwas and Masoom Shah stated, \"The constitution amendment is not required as eventually it legislates and encroaches on the occupied field of state legislation. Thus it's a patent case of transgression of constitutional power.\"The Constitution Amendments Act cannot be used as a device to indirectly legislate the State Entry, when it is directly prohibited, they argued. The PIL further alleged that the 97th Amendment violates the procedure as laid down in article 368 (2) of the Constitution.\"According to the Proviso of the Article 368, if Parliament intents to amend or delete any lists in the Seventh Schedule, such an amendment shall require to be ratified by the legislatures of not less than one half of the states by resolution to the effect passed by those legislatures before the Bill making provision for such amendmentis presented to the President for assent,\" the PIL reads, adding, \"Therefore, for amending or deleting any Lists of Seven Schedule ratification of state legislative is unavoidable... and is a basic requirement.\"After hearing the case, a bench of chief justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and justice J B Pardiwala sought answers from the highest legal officer of the Centre and scheduled a further hearing three weeks later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332646", "title": "Hiranandani submits plan to build 3,000 low-cost homes", "text": "MUMBAI: Six months after the Bombay high court restrained the Hiranandani group from starting any construction in its Powai project without its permission, the developer on Thursday informed the court that it had submitted a proposal to construct over 3,000 affordable houses. A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar questioned activist and petitioner Medha Patkar who sought to see the proposals. \"Why are you opposing the plans? It is for the benefit of the people,\" said the judges.Following a PIL alleging largescale violations by Hiranandani in building sprawling flats instead of affordable houses in Powai, the HC had stopped the developer from carrying out further construction. With no relief from the Supreme Court, Hiranandani had to comply with the HC orders to first construct affordable houses. The court asked MMRDA and Hiranandani to submit a report on the total number of buildings constructed in Powai so far, along with details of the flats and vacant land in the area.As per the HC roadmap, Hiranandani would have to construct 3,100 affordable homes-1,593 flats of around 861 sq ft and 1,511 flats of 430 sq ft. Around 450 flats from this lot will have to be offered to the state at a rate of Rs 135 psf, which the government can sell to its employees. After it has built low-cost homes, the builder can make further construction on the rest of the land. The HC was told that BMC and Hiranandani had submitted constructions plans to the MMRDA for its nod.While dismissing Hiranandani's plea challenging the HC order, the Supreme Court had observed: \"We feel so sorry that private land was purchased by the government and given to you for development. That place was meant for below middle class people. But you built palaces for those who can afford Bentleys and Ferraris.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15332144", "title": "Four years after 26/11, coastal security to get a boost", "text": "NEW DELHI: A decade after it was first mooted and almost four years after the 26/11 terror strikes in Mumbai, the static coastal radar chain and the national automatic identification system (AIS) networks to dynamically detect and track suspicious vessels entering Indian waters is finally taking concrete shape.The first two radars of the coastal radar chain \u2014 36 radars are to be installed in the mainland, six in Lakshadweep and Minicoy Islands and four in Andaman and Nicobar Islands - will finally be commissioned in the Mumbai and Porbandar regions this month.Ahead of the commissioning, defence minister A K Antony on Thursday reviewed the various coastal security measures, which were finalized after 26/11 but are yet to be fully implemented on the ground, with Navy chief Admiral Nirmal Verma, defence secretary Shashikant Sharma and Coast Guard director-general Vice-Admiral M P Muralidharan, among others.The minister directed that Phase-I of the radar network, under which 46 radars are being manufactured by defence PSU Bharat Electronics in collaboration with a foreign firm at a cost of Rs 601.77 crore, should be in place at least on the mainland over the next two months.The delivery schedules of the 80 fast-interceptor craft, implementation of the National C3I (command, control, communication and intelligence) network as well as the vessels and air traffic management system on the east coast was also reviewed during the meeting.In Phase-I of the radar chain, apart from existing lighthouses on which some of the radars with electro-optic sensors will be installed, 13 towers are also being constructed on the mainland for them. Phase-II of the project will follow later with 37 additional radars.The AIS network will have 84 stations. The critical radar chain and the 84 networked AIS stations, backed by adequate manpower and infrastructure, will provide \"gapless surveillance cover\" along the coast, say officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "15336611", "title": "Tribal language teachers go without salary for 8 months", "text": "KEONJHAR: Tribal language teachers in Keonjhar district have not received their salary for the last eight months. They have brought the matter to the notice of the district collector on a number of occasions, but no action has been taken so far, the teachers said.Brundaban Juang, a teacher, said, \"We got salary from June to October 2011. After that, we have not got any payment for eight months. We belong to poor tribal families. We are living in extreme distress.\"According to sources, the government appointed tribal language teachers in schools run by SC/ST department with a view to developing the languages and bringing down the number of school drop outs among tribals.According to a state government decision, the district administration had published advertisements for the post of language teachers in different tribal languages like Juang, Oram, Santhal and Munda. On the basis of that, 16 teachers were appointed.U K Naik of the Integrated Tribal Development Agency (ITDA) of Keonjhar said, \"Salaries of the language teachers have not been paid because the government has not sanctioned money.\"\"The government is spending huge amount of money for the development of tribals, mostly their education. But it is astonishing that tribal language teachers are not getting salary. The government should take immediate corrective measures,\" said Girija Mishra, the secretary of Keonjhar bar association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15335956", "title": "Aishwarya's ready for Traffic remake", "text": "Actress Aishwarya Devan, who debuted in Kollywood with Yuvan, seems to have made it big in Mollywood. After working with some of the A-listers in the industry, including Prithviraj and Shaji Kailas in Simhasanam, she is now all set to work with Mohanlal!Says Aishwarya, \"I have signed on to be part of Major Ravi's Karma Yodha . The film stars Mohanlal in the lead, along with Rajeev Pillai. It's an intriguing thriller, and I'm glad to be part of it.\"She adds, \"I'm happy to have been given this opportunity to work with Mohanlal sir at such an early stage. I've grown up watching his films and it's such an honour to be sharing the screen with such a big star. Even in Kollywood, I got to work with an ace director like Seeman in Kandupidi Kandupidi! \"Meanwhile, Aishwarya has also been roped in to play an important role in the Tamil remake of Malayalam hit, Traffic . She reveals, \"I will be playing the role that Roma took on in the original. The character that I play is quite strong, self-willed and brave. I will start shooting from the mid-August in the city.\"The film, also starring Radhikaa, Sarath Kumar, Nasser, Prakash Raj and Remya Nambeesan, is being directed by Shahid Khader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15332115", "title": "Did Pune cops ignore attack warnings?", "text": "PUNE: Top police officers in Pune on Thursday refuted reports of having received a specific report from the State Intelligence Department (SID) or letters warning them about the bomb blasts on the busy Jangli Maharaj road a day earlier.\"We had not received any such report from the SID,\" Pune police commissioner Gulabrao Pol told TOI. Deputy commissioner of police Makrand Ranade, too, said there were no specific Intelligence inputs about the blasts.But opposition parties refused to buy these explanations and were quick to point out major security lapses including the non-functional CCTV cameras on JM road and lack of co-ordination between the police department, fire brigade and the local civic body.Leader of the opposition in the state legislative assembly Eknath Khadse said, \"The government should explain to Puneites as to why steps were not taken to prevent the blasts, even after the state intelligence agencies received letters and e-mails about possible threats to Pune.\"Joint commissioner of police (law and order) Sanjeev Kumar Singhal said that during the last few months some police stations had received anonymous letters warning about terror attacks in the city. The police commissioner's office too had received such letters, he said.\"We never ignore such letters and we take all the necessary preventive actions. We make the best possible efforts to identify the source sending such letters even if they are hoaxes,\" he said. Singhal denied receiving threatening emails, adding that the source of the email can be easily detected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15338950", "title": "EXL plans multiple acquisitions in US in 2012", "text": "BANGALORE: Nasdaq-listed EXL Services, a provider of outsourcing and transformation services, is in advanced stages of negotiations with multiple companies in the US for acquisitions.Rohit Kapoor, CEO of EXL Services, said, \"Our buy-out targets are in the healthcare, clinical services, analytics and retail banking services in the US. We expect each of these acquisitions to be in the $25 million to $75 million range, while one could go up to $100 million.\"The deals, he said, would be finalized by the end of 2012. \"We have set aside $100 million to fund these acquisitions. We will also explore a line of credit from some global banks,\" he said.The proposed acquisitions are aimed at strengthening EXL's portfolio, to increase its domain expertise and to bring additional synergy. The company focuses on the insurance, banking, financial services, utilities, transportation and travel verticals. The share of analytics in EXL's revenues is on the rise, and it has been a key differentiator.The company has 19,500 employees and 20 centres globally, including in India, the Philippines , the US, Czech Republic and Romania . It recently set up a 700-seat delivery center in Pune, to support insurance, finance and accounting practices.In the quarter ended June, EXL had revenues of $108 million, up 27% year-over-year. Net income was $9.1 million, up 7%. Sequentially, revenues grew by 6% on a constant currency basis.\"We have generated rapid year-over-year as well as sequential growth this quarter. As expected, our transformation practice accelerated, and achieved record quarterly revenues and gross profits. Growth was driven by strong demand for decision analytics services, particularly in the insurance and banking verticals,\" Kapoor said.EXL has lowered its revenue guidance for the year to between $438 million and $442 million. \"Since we first provided 2012 guidance in March at an exchange rate of 49 rupees to the dollar, the rupee has depreciated by over 10%, creating a revenue headwind of approximately $10 million,\" Kapoor said.About 25% of its revenues are either denominated in Indian rupees or has a pricing linked to devaluation of the rupee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15333374", "title": "Kochi bonds over Rakshabandhan", "text": "KOCHI: Reaffirming the bond between brothers and sisters, Raksha Bandhan was celebrated with much fervour in the city.The festival retained its traditional glory even though it was confined to non-Malayali communities, especially the Gujaratis and Punjabis.In Kochi, many brothers received rakhi through couriers from their sisters residing in Mumbai, Delhi and other parts of north India. Bunty Singh, a businessman in the city, was excited when he got a rakhi from his sister in Ludhiana, two days ago on Monday.\"I receive rakhi through courier every year and I feel special when the box is delivered to me. We have been following this system as all our relatives are in my home town,\" he said.Some families like that of Ashok Agarwal celebrated Raksha Bandhan by organizing a private function to exchange rakhi and gifts. And four-year-old Muskhan could not stop smiling after she received a gift box and money from her brother. Meanwhile, the day-long hartal called by the CPM spoilt the celebrations for Nihal Agarwal who was planning to take his sister for shopping. \"I wanted to surprise her by taking her out to Gold Souk mall. Now I have to postpone it to Sunday,\" he said.Kochi: Renewing and reaffirming the bond between brothers and sisters, Raksha Bandhan was celebrated with much fervour in the city. The festival retained its traditional glory even though it was confined to non-Malayali communities, especially the Gujratis and the Sikhs.In Kochi, away from their home cities, many received Rakhi or the decorated thread through couriers from their sisters residing in Mumbai, Delhi and other places. Bunty Singh, a businessman in the city, was excited to get the Rakhi from his sister in Ludhiana, Punjab, two days ahead, on Monday.\"I receive Rakhi through courier every year and I feel special when the box is delivered to me. We have been following this system as all our relatives are in my home town,\" he said.Some families like that of Ashok Agarwal celebrated Rakhi by organising a private function to exchange Rakhi, gifts and reaffirm the brother-sister bond. And four-year-old Muskhana could not stop smiling after she received a gift box and money from her brother.Meanwhile, the day-long harthl called by the CPM spoilt the celebrations for Nihal Agarwal who was planning to take his sister for shopping in the city. \"I wanted to surprise my sister by taking her to Gold Souke for a day-out. Now I have to postpone it to Sunday,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332786", "title": "Petition seeks public auction of Leela hotel land", "text": "MUMBAI: With the lease of the land on which one of the city's top hotels, Leela, stands expiring in July 2012, a public interest litigation has been filed seeking a public auction of the 1,800-sqm plot. A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar on Thursday heard the PIL by Resources of Aviation Redressal Association.Set amid 11 acres, the 400-room five star Leela hotel is located at Sahar, close to the Chhatrapati Shivaji Mumbai international Airport. The Airport Authority of India, which owns the land had signed a 30-year lease with Hotel Leela Ventures for constructing a flight kitchen and a hotel on the land. The lease expired in July 2012. According to the petitioners, the hotel was paying \"a paltry sum of Rs 2.20 lakh\" as lease for the prime land. The PIL urged the court to restrain the authorities from renewing the lease and directing them to invite public tenders for the lease of the land.Advocate general Darius Khambatta, counsel for the AAI, claimed that a proposal had been submitted to the Union government for an increase in the amount of royalty from Leela. Advocate Rui Rodrigues, counsel for the Union government, said that the Centre was considering the proposal.Vivek Nair, vice-chairman and managing director of the Leela Group, refuted the petitioner's allegations. In an affidavit, Nair informed the court that between 1982 and 2011, the group had paid around Rs 45 crore to the AAI as lease rent and royalty. He further said that according to the new proposed terms, there would be an hike in the lease amount and 7.5% of the gross turnover of the hotel would be paid as royalty. \"In the very first year of the renewal period, the lease rent will go up from Rs 2.94 crore to Rs 3.86 crore-an increase of 32% and the royalty will go up from Rs 2.11 crore to Rs 7.94 crore on the present gross turnover of Rs 149 crore-an increase of 275%,\" said Nair. He said that the hotel is acknowledged as a market leader among other hotels near the airport and the petitioner's demands, if agreed to, would require pulling down of the hotel. \"Public interest demands that an existing hotel that serves the needs of the travelling public should be allowed to continue,\" added Nair, who claimed that the group had spent over Rs 500 crore for the construction of the hotel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15334235", "title": "Narain one of most sincere drivers: Pedro De La Rosa", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pedro De La Rosa is the grand old man of Formula One. At the age of 41, he is one of the oldest drivers on the circuit this season, already into his 14th season in F1.For the first time in his long career, De La Rosa is driving for a Spanish team - HRT - and the hunger is very much there for the veteran. At the halfway stage of the F1 season, De La Rosa looked back at his performance so far.\"These have been seven very intense months, with a spectacular amount of team work. We've made steady progress but now we're at a key moment and we must take another step forward. My assessment is very positive because we set ourselves realistic targets, we've accomplished them and we're, more or less, where we expected to be,\" De La Rosa told this newspaper on Friday.HRT failed to qualify for the first race of the season in Australia but have since then made steady progress albeit at the back of the grid. \"We started outside the 107% in Australia and we've reached peaks of 103.6% in Monaco and our best qualifying result which was 103.4% in Valencia. That was a very ambitious target that we set ourselves because, for us, to be close to 104% is a realistic objective. We've surpassed it and have potential to do more. In our case, it's going to be easier to improve in this second half of the season than it will be for a big team that is striving for perfection because we've got much more room for improvement,\" he added.The Spanish driver began his career way back in 1999 and has 98 race starts to his credit till date. De La Rosa has driven for teams like Arrows, Jaguar and McLaren and driving for a team at the back of the grid must have been a challenge for him.\"I'm taking it on as a challenge, well aware that challenges are never easy and that in Formula One no one hands you anything. But in my opinion we're doing a good job, with humility, work and pride. The most rewarding thing is to work with the people from the team and see that in very difficult conditions, and with much less people than other teams, they work day and night with the conviction that we can beat our rivals,\" he said.On his relationship with teammate Narain Karthikeyan , he said, \"My relationship with Narain is very good. There's a lot of sincerity and we both want what's best for the team. We fight hard on the track but in an honest way and, out of the teammates I've had, he's one of the most sincere ones. We try to achieve the best set-up on the car between the two of us without hiding anything from each other.One of the characteristics of Narain and the engineers is that there is total transparency and no bad intentions, we're aware that we're last and if one of us finds something that can improve the car he shares it with the other because the objective is to progress. We're team players,\" he said commenting about the Indian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "15336664", "title": "1000 pilgrims stranded due to landslides in Uttarakhand", "text": "DEHRADUN: Nearly 1000 pilgrims are stranded in various areas of Garhwal following a series of landslides in Uttarkashi and Chamoli districts.The landslides, which began following heavy rains during the past few days, are continuing intermittently in various areas of the two district disrupting vehicular traffic on both Rishikeish-Badrinath and Rishikesh-Gangotri highways.Officials of disaster management and mitigation centre (DMMC), a state government nodal agency for management of disasters, on Friday said that intermittent landslides were continuing at Paatal Ganga, Birahi, Bhimtalla areas of the hilly Chamoli district since Thursday night causing disruption of vehicular traffic on the Rishikesh-Badrinath Highway.\"Due to landslides on the Badiranth-Rishikesh Highway, nearly 400-600 pilgrims are stranded at various areas,\" they said.Landslides also hit Bhatwari and Thiran Halkughat areas causing disruption of vehicular traffic on Gangotri-Rishikesh Highway due to which over 500 pilgrims are stranded.Last year, the government had suspended the chardham yatra to Gangotri and Badrinath shrines following heavy landslides and torrential rains for nearly a week.Landslides are common in fragile hills of Garhwal region causing disruption in the road network which in turn often cause road accidents leading to fatalities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15333044", "title": "Food and Drugs Administration to launch special drive to inspect hotels", "text": "NASHIK: The Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) has decided to launch a special drive to inspect the quality of food served in city hotels and eateries soon. The FDA is also planning to organize a workshop for the hoteliers and owners of eateries to make them aware of the Food and Safety Act norms and what measures they would have to take to make hygienic food and maintain cleanliness.There are around 3,000 hotels and eateries across the city. Speaking to TOI, Chandrakant Pawar, Joint Commissioner, FDA, Nashik division, said, \"Nashik is one of the major ancient pilgrimage centres and thousands of devotees come to Nashik daily. The next Simhastha Kumbha Mela is scheduled in the 2015. Considering this, we are planning to inspect all hotels and eateries shortly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15336478", "title": "Archer Deepika Kumari's defeat has not upset family in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: Having given in to the extremely windy conditions at the Lord's Cricket Ground on Wednesday, archer Deepika Kumari told her mother after her defeat that it is up to the coaches now to ensure that players from India are allowed to be trained at least a month in advance of competitions on foreign soil.Reports coming from London suggested that Deepika was completely off colour when she picked up her bow and arrow on Wednesday because of the strong winds that were blowing.Back home, her mother Geeta Devi who was watching her performance on television along with the family in a single room thatched house in Ratu Chatti, 20 km from here, was a little disappointed. But the defeat was not the end of the world for her as there was always a next time, she told her daughter.\"Though we understand the importance of the event, there is no denying that it was the first time Deepika participated in the Olympics and that, too, in a country with a completely different climatic condition,\" she said.Her father Shiv Narayan also congratulated his daughter for participating in the Olympics and making the country and family proud.\"She has a long way to go as she got her first opportunity to represent the country at the Olympics at the tender age of 17 and she will have many more chances,\" he said.In Deepika's family if anyone was disappointed, it was her 10-year-old brother Deepak, but for a different reason. A student of Class 5, he was disappointed because his sister was not around for the fourth consecutive year on Raksha Bandhan. Deepak has received rakhis from Vidya, Deepika's younger sister, though.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "15336559", "title": "Businessman's decomposed body recovered in Garhwa", "text": "Garhwa: Police on Thursday recovered the decomposed body of Ajay Saw (40), son of businessman Bansi Saw from his house located on Garhwa main road. Some miscreants left his body in the house after killing him and locked it from outside, police said.Police suspected that Ajay was murdered four days ago. The body has been sent for autopsy.Several marks of stabbing were found on his neck and other parts of his body which indicated that the deceased was severely stabbed. Ajay's wife had committed suicide 8 years ago. Since then he was living alone in a double-storied building while his family members lived elsewhere in the same town, sources said.On Thursday morning, when foul smell started emanating from his residence, local people informed the police. The cops broke into house to find Ajay's body lying on the floor with clots of blood around. Police are investigating into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15334766", "title": "No underpass at ISBT-43 leads to chaos on highway", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The large crowd of passengers walking onto the Chandigarh-Ludhiana highway after alighting from buses at Inter State Bus Terminus (ISBT), Sector 43, not just risk their own lives, but also bring traffic to a virtual halt.Unlike the way the road outside ISBT-17 has been completely closed for pedestrians with railings, giving them provision of an underpass, it is a free for all in Sector 43.\"Most people walk into ISBT by crossing the road from the other side or go the other way to hire an auto. There is absolute madness and given the fact that it is a busy highway, the authorities should find a solution,\" said Kamaldeep Ahuja, businessmen, who frequents to Ludhiana.\"There are no zebra crossings on the road so that there are designated openings in railings for people to cross the road, as is the case on Madhya Marg. Every week, there is an accident on the road as pedestrians try to dodge the vehicles in a hurry,\" said Anita Sahuja, who take the route to drop her child to school every morning.The liquor vend located across the road in Sector 52 also attracts a large number of people from the ISBT after dusk. For the past two years, the vend site has been fetching the highest amount in the auction by the excise department for his roaring sales.A UT official said the proposal to construct an underpass had been approved by the administration, but the engineering department has found the project unfeasible and now an alternative is being found.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15337463", "title": "Foreign ministry gives details of Parmar lodged in Pakistan", "text": "MUMBAI: External affairs minister S M Krishna has written to MP Priya Dutt apprising her about the case details of young Mumbaikar Bhavesh Parmar who is held in Lahore Central Jail, Pakistan. The minister says the Indian mission in Islamabad will once again approach the Pakistan foreign ministry to expedite his release.Bhavesh, an NIIT software engineer from Vile Parle suburb was merely 24 years old when he travelled to Lahore in 2004 in a state of mental imbalance. He had lost his job with a leading ATM manufacturer at the time and shortly afterwards, his father died of cancer leaving the youth distraught.He is believed to have boarded the Samjhauta Express in a disoriented state and reached Lahore where he was arrested. Citing sources in the Indian high commission in Islamabad, minister Krishna wrote to MP Dutt that Bhavesh had been arrested in Pakistan on October 12, 2007. His nationality was verified on January 14, 2009. Three years later the Pakistani authorities informed the high commission on December 30, 2011 that they would release the youth on January 8, 2012.However, they did not do so on the specified date. Upon making enquiries, the Indian embassy was told that Bhavesh remains under trial. Apart from local MP Priya Dutt and MLA Krishna Hegde, international activists and lawyers including Awais Sheikh and Jas Uppal who are fighting to secure Sarabjit Singh's freedom have joined cause to free Bhavesh. Back home in Mumbai, Bhavesh's widowed mother Hansaben Parmar leafs through reams of correspondence with the authorities, her eyes periodically coming to rest on the note her son scribbled in her name and handed over to a fellow prisoner who was released last February. Sent from BlackBerry\u00ae on Airtel", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15336079", "title": "Microsoft has an edge over Google: Sabeer Bhatia", "text": "BANGALORE: For Indians, Hotmail is still synonymous with Sabeer Bhatia , who founded the email service with colleague Jack Smith in 1996. Bhatia - who was born in Chandigarh, grew up in Bangalore and then went to the US - made a killing in 1997 when Hotmail was sold to Microsoft for a whopping $400 million.Earlier this week, Microsoft revamped and rebranded its personal email service to take on market leader Google more effectively. Outlook.com will henceforth be its flagship email interface, and while consumers can still opt for the Hotmail.com address, it's subsumed within the larger Outlook brand. Some believe that the Hotmail sub-brand may disappear over time. TOI contacted Bhatia in California to see what he thought of the move. Excerpts:Hotmail was your baby. Now Microsoft has revamped and renamed it. Do you feel a sense of loss?Nothing of that sort. The name Hotmail will remain. I will still have my Hotmail account and you can reach me on it. All Hotmail accounts now will be supported by the Microsoft Outlook interface. I have been using the interface in the last three days and it's been fabulous. Over 300 million people are on Hotmail today. All those will remain. Now people have a choice to go for Hotmail or Outlook.com. They can have both the accounts, supported by a Microsoft interface. I'm very happy about it.Do you think Outlook.com can take on Google?Outlook.com will increase the heat on Google for sure. It will begin a huge competition between Microsoft and Google. It comes with Skype, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, MSN Messenger and other social networking interfaces. FB itself is a huge community that can easily migrate to Outlook.com.The interface is clean, user-friendly, feature-great. Microsoft has put together the best of Messenger and the best of web interface in Outlook.com. Everything's very slick and quick.With social media redefining the entire paradigm of communication, what is the future of email?Believe me you'll never see emails being replaced with any other form of net-based, high-speed communications. Synchronised communication can never be replaced by asynchronised communication. Outlook.com enhances synchronised communication by making it clearer, cleaner, simple.How do you see the competition between Google and Microsoft now?Microsoft clearly has an edge over Google now.Google has Google+, Google Hangout, etc. But it has to do something with its interface. It doesn't have an interface that, say, integrates with Facebook.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "15336879", "title": "Infant dies of asphyxiation", "text": "MHOW: A seven-month-old toddler died of asphyxiation (choking) while she was being fed on a moving motorcycle by her mother. Parents of the deceased were on their way to celebrate Raksha Bandhan in Harniyakhedi village of Mhow tehsil.Ramprasad Verma, a resident of Sitapat village of the tehsil, was riding a motorbike with his wife Bhoori on the pillion and daughter Sukanya on her lap at about 9.30 am. They were going to Ramprasad's sister to celebrate the festival. When the three were crossing Jamli village, Sukanya started crying. Bhoori breastfed her daughter on running motorcycle and suddenly after a jerk, the seven-month-old girl started vomiting. Before Ramprasad and Bhoori could comprehend what went wrong, Sukanya collapsed and became senseless. She was rushed to Getwell hospital of Mhow, where the she died during the treatment and the reason for the death was told as suffocation of her air tract.Hospital's administrator Jayant Jamjute told TOI that the child was admitted to the hospital at 9.50 am and the hospital staff tried its best to extract the milk and water choked in her air tract, but nothing worked and she died.Later, talking to TOI, Ramprasad said that they were so happy in the morning that they were to celebrate the festival at her sister's place where many other relatives had also gathered. He told that he would not go there now and return to his village with the mortal remains of her daughter for the last rites before the dusk.Mhow-based paediatrician Dr Khuzema Furniturewala told TOI that when food or some foreign particles get accumulated in wind pipe of the child, it causes instant choking and stop of breath. In such a case, the child should be made to lie in left lateral position before rushing him to the nearest medical facility. He also said that similar incident might also happen when the child is given bath in a tub and mother goes to attend a phone call or to check the oven. No police complaint was lodged in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15336324", "title": "Kanpur Municipal Corporation house meeting on August 9", "text": "KANPUR: The first sitting of the newly elected house of Kanpur Municipal Corporation will be held on August 9.Mayor Jagatveer Singh Drona, in an introduction function, told the corporators that the first sitting of the house would take place on August 9. A 12-member working committee would be set up on that day. He urged the corporators to join hands in the development of the city.The mayor said that all members of the house were equal in terms of rights and duties. He expects the corporators to work according to the expectations of the people.The corporators raised the problems of water supply. They complained that handpumps were out of order. Problem of potable water should be discussed on top priority.Drona said that it would be discussed first after the constitution of a working committee. Other problems would not be discussed.The members and mayor had taken oath on July 20.The ruling Samajwadi Party welcomed its newly elected corporators at its office. City president Chandresh Singh said that SP members would oppose any proposal regarding enhancement of house tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "15337008", "title": "School director in a fix over caning Class X girl", "text": "BRS NAGAR: When the city was busy celebrating the auspicious occasion of Rakshabandhan, Vasundhra Kapoor, a student of Class X in DAV School, BRS Nagar, was trying to recover from the pain of shame.Reportedly, Vasundhra was brutally beaten with a cane by her school director R S Patyal because he thought she was responsible for writing objectionable words on her teacher's desk.\"It's true that I hit the girl with a cane, but just once. I don't understand why the issue is being blown out of proportion. It's not that I blindly used the rod - her classmates confirmed that she wrote something disgraceful on her teacher's desk. This is not acceptable,\" said Patyal.He added, \"I have been getting regular complaints about her. We have informed her parents many times, but all in vain. Recently, she was shifted to section B from A as she had some problem. Her parents should understand that if I took such a step it must be in the interest of their ward.\"Talking to TOI, her father Nirdosh Kapoor, a businessman and resident of Civil Lines, said, \"My daughter was unnecessarily dragged into the matter and punished for it. As a result of this incident my daughter is still in a state of shock as she has also been threatened rustication.\"He added, \"In my opinion, its not right to use a cane to punish a girl. I went to meet the director on Wednesday, but he did not even bother to talk. We have also filed a complaint against the school director.\"Sarabha Nagar SHO Manjinder Singh said, \"A daily diary report has been lodged in the matter. After preliminary investigation, we feel that the act of the director against the student was wrong. The matter is being further investigated.\"Meanwhile, Vasundhra said, \"The insult and pain is unbearable. Its rakhi today and I wanted to enjoy it with my brothers, but my whole family is in a state of shock because of this incident. I was punished for something I did not do. I even tried explaining the same to the director, but he wasn't ready to listen. Now, I am not sure whether I'll be allowed in school or not.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15333699", "title": "Hardoi tops NREGS spending in UP, to come under financial scanner", "text": "LUCKNOW: A fresh diktat from the Union rural development ministry could spell trouble for UP's Hardoi district. Having emerged as the highest spender in the state in 2011-12 for implementing the National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (NREGS), Hardoi, has incurred a cumulative expenditure of Rs 156.42 crore and is now set to come under the chartered accountant's scanner in the coming months. The state's cumulative expenditure on NREGS during 2011-12 was Rs 4989.72 crore.In a bid to straighten out the implementation of the Centre's flagship scheme, the Union ministry had in June ordered all state governments to conduct a finance audit and certification of NREGS at the gram panchayat level by certified CAs. Though the complete financial audit is set to begin in 2013-14, the ministry in a fresh order issued earlier this week has decided, with immediate effect, to launch a pilot progarmme in 10% gram panchayats of the highest spending districts in all states, on the basis of expenditure accounts in 2011-12. In UP, Hardoi district has bagged the top slot in the expenditure category.The audit, government sources said, will begin within the next few months. For this, the ministry has also, already, identified 10% gram panchayats in Hardoi, whose accounts will be audited by CAs.A copy of the order has already reached the UP government. Welcoming the move, Central Employment Guarantee Council member Sanjay Dixit said: \"Financial audits in NREGS have been long over due. In UP, there have been large instances where muster rolls have been tampered with and the wage to material ratio, of 60:40, has been flouted. For the scheme to be effective and error free, the gram panchayats need to go through the due diligence.''Earlier, to step up pressure on state governments to clean up their financial acts, the Union rural development ministry engaged chartered accountants \"to assist the state government in assessing the state-share based on accounts of State Employment Guarantee Fund (SEGF) and other documents and records\".Though the state governments were earlier instructed to conduct an independent audit of the SEGF for 2011-12 and send these audit reports along with their demand for more funds under NREGS, the government has now also mandated the pilot audit in the current fiscal.The audits will be done by CAs empanelled by the ministry and appointed by the state governments to examine and certify whether the books of accounts maintained by respective gram panchayats were in accordance with the form and manner specified under the MGNREGS.In addition to examining registers prescribed for MGNREGS, CAs will also comment on the quality of accounts, identify and list gaps, deficiencies or weak areas in systems, and make recommendations for improving these.The audits will also contain comments on whether gram panchayats are complying with the 60:40 wage-material ratio. Auditors have also been instructed to keep tabs on whether a state government has shown administrative expenses as expenditure on works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15332697", "title": "Bangalore sees 16,000 traffic violations daily", "text": "BANGALORE: As many as 10,000 Delhiites violate traffic rules every day; so do 4,500 Mumbaikars. But Bangaloreans take the cake: 16,000 of them commit traffic violations daily. While 8,000 traffic violations are captured on roads, the other half are booked with the help of surveillance cameras, say Bangalore City Traffic Police.Though Bangalore (38 lakh) and National Capital Region (35 lakh) have almost the same number of vehicles, traffic violations in the Karnataka capital are over one-and-a-half times those in NCR. Mumbai's vehicles (20 lakh) number a little over half of those in Bangalore, but that city has relatively fewer violations.Police say violations may not have gone up, and the large number of cases booked is due to strict enforcement. 'Pan-tilt-zoom' cameras fitted at 175 important intersections have been capturing virtually every violation.Says Mumbai's additional commissioner (traffic) Brijesh Singh: \"Last year, we issued nearly 6,000 traffic challans a day. But we know there are more violations. In the absence of surveillance cameras like those in Bangalore, our enforcement may be low.''In Bangalore, up to June 30, 4.45 lakh cases of riders not wearing helmets had been booked, 1.45 lakh were found speaking on mobiles while driving and 6.19 lakh motorists had parked their vehicles wrongly.Bangalore, with a two-wheeler population of 28.8 lakh, saw 10.35 lakh riders being slapped with fines till June-end. Drivers of light motor vehicles, including cars and autorickshaws, are second only to two-wheeler riders. Nearly 7.75 lakh of them had violated one rule or the other.'Too many vehicles'Bangalore additional commissioner of traffic MA Saleem says, \"Most of the cases we see involve first- and second-time offenders. We cancel the licences of third-time offenders. Since April, we have seized as many as 2,500 licences from third-time offenders. Bangalore has a high number of vehicles, which is also to blame.\"Stats:NUMBERS OF VIOLATIONS IN VARIOUS CITIESCity--------------------Number of traffic violation cases --------Total no of vehiclesBangalore-------------16,000--------------------------------------------38 lakhs plusDelhi-------------------10,000--------------------------------------------35 lakh plusMumbai---------------4500----------------------------------------------20 lakh plus", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15336586", "title": "Waited three years for something unique to come my way", "text": "After a struggle of three years, Sharad Malhotra has made the big leap from TV to films. This Punjabi munda who came into fame with his very first show on TV, 'Banu Mein Teri Dulhan' confesses to having become a hit with the women after the show. And now, Sharad is eagerly awaiting the response to his filmy debut, 'From Sydney With Love'.Sharad had no plans to go acting, as he says, \"I was never interested in acting. In fact, I used to play cricket for Bengal. But then one day I happened to go for the auditions for a talent hunt show which I fortunately won. That was the beginning of my journey into acting. Soon, I got the opportunity to audition for 'Banu Mein' and I was selected.\"But as it is said very few people know how to handle fame, some such thing happened with Sharad too which caused his absence from the screen for three long years. \"After 'Banu..' I got invitation from New York film academy. After finishing my acting course from there when I came back to Mumbai I started waiting for something unique to come my way and this wait took away three years of my life! That was a really tough and a depressed phase of my life.\"During this time Sharad took to modelling for TV commercials for some of the big brands and with his hard work, happiness and hope has knocked his door again. \"With this movie I have climbed my first step towards my dream world Bollywood and wish to do more such family films in the future.\"So, it is goodbye to TV for Sharad now? \"No, I am always open to good work. I would love to host a show,\" says Sharad who idolizes roles like Vijay Dinanath Chauhan from Agneepath.Reported by - Sheeba Bhagat", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15337402", "title": "IT companies to get land in MP on lease", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh government has decided to give land to IT companies on a 99-year lease period instead of the present 33 years to boost the Information Technology sector.The state government has issued orders for making this change in the Information Technology policy, official sources said today.Now, land to industrial houses making investment in the state will be given on a 99-year lease on case-to-case basis. There will also be a provision to renew the lease further.The state Cabinet had taken a decision to this effect recently. Earlier, there was provision to provide land on a 33-year lease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15337292", "title": "Raid effect: Multiplexes go for a hike in ticket rates", "text": "INDORE: As the controversy over the raids on four multiplexes in the city is kicking up heat and dust, the multiplex operators, who asked the government to rein in the commercial taxes department and stop the raids, have reportedly increased the ticket rates from Rs 10 to Rs 20 flat form on Thursday.Though the multiplex operators attribute the hike in ticket price to the film Jism-2, which is releasing on Friday, people in the know of development claimed that that rate hike may be as an immediate impact of the commercial taxes department's recent raids on four multiplexes in the city on charges of unauthorised collection of entertainment taxes from the movie goers.Rahul Raikwar, operator of Satyam, confirmed the hike in the ticket rates and said that all the multiplexes in the city increased the ticket prices Rs 10-20 recently after they got a communication from their head offices in this connection.Rakesh Rajput of Big Cinemas, which owns Adlabs, said, \"Normally we charge flat ticket rate of Rs 79 on weekends. However, we have increased it to Rs 140 from Thursday onwards.\"Following the raids, the multiplex operators are surprised over under which circumstances, the state government changed its policy and started raiding the multiplexes. They feel that the root cause of the problem was the shifting of the entertainment industry from excise department to the commercial taxes department from April 1 last year, which reportedly created all the confusion over the matter.It was since the Uphar tragedy, which took place in New Delhi more than a decade ago, resulted in the framing of strict rules for giving exemptions to any multiplex by the state government.The owners of the multiplexes, which were not raided by the department, are reportedly supporting with the ones which were raided on the issue.In Satyam 's case, it has applied before the department to pay back its cheque amounting to Rs 1 crore, which had been deposited by it in the form of tax collected by it during the exemption period.Pintu Chhabra, owner of C-21 Mall, which houses Satyam, said , \"I also believe that one shouldn't mention the tax amount on the ticket and rather one should charge directly the amount without mentioning the tax amount. At the same time, I also believe that the government must stick to its promise of not charging the amount collected by the multiplexes during the period of exemption.\"Broadway, which is situated at Malhar Mega Mall owned by Chhabra, is awaiting approval for exemption.Requesting anonymity, an operator of a multiplex said, \"While inviting the multiplexes to set up their base in the city five years ago, the state government had promised them that it would allow them to collect taxes, which would be deposited with it and on verification, the government would return the same to them for a period of five years. We did receive the cheques in a similar fashion from the state government initially. We never expected that the commercial taxes department sleuths would raid our premises for no fault of ours.\"The commercial taxes department is also probing into the fact if the film distributors also shared the tax amount, which was collected by the multiplexes during the exemption period in an unauthorised manner. The distributors normally share 50% of the box office collection during the first week from the exhibitors, which is reduced to 42.5% in the following week.Jitendra Jain, general secretary, Central Cine Circuit Association (CCA), who runs a film distribution agency for the central India, said, \"We share the amount only from the ticket price and we have nothing to do with the tax part of the ticket.\"Talking to ToI, an official at the commercial taxes department said that one can't collect the entertainment tax during the exemption period. Giving the example of tax-free movies, he said that the cine goers can feel it directly how does the price of tickets come down drastically in case of it is being exempted from entertainment tax. So, the benefit of tax exemption must be passed on to the cinegoers, added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15336680", "title": "Charity rock show to help flood victims", "text": "GUWAHATI: To help the victims of the flood-affected areas in the state, a city-based organization held a fund-raising charity rock show here on Thursday with the northeast's rock icon Lou Majaw at the helm.Titled as 'Rising Height' the event was organized by Hope, an organization that works for cultural and social causes. Rock icon of the northeast and one of India's best known rock artist Lou Majaw performed at the event to highlight the devastation caused by the floods and its adverse effect on people.\"I am thankful to be part of this fund-raising event and to do my bit in helping the people. It is very sad to see thousands of people being displaced and affected by the floods every year. It is a great tragedy not only for the state but for the nation as well. There should be an effective and practical approach in handling the flood problem. We see such a huge amount of money being spent on this particular problem but to no avail. I hope there will be a solution one day,\" Lou Majaw said.\"A total of seven bands performed at the event. The proceeds from the show will go to the victims. We are thankful to the artists and Lou Majaw for helping us raise money for the flood victims. We sold tickets at the venue,\" said Prithu Singh, member of Hope Events.Bands like RPG, North East Breeze, Magnum Opus, Colossal Corporation, Digital Suicide and Swatantra performed at the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15333396", "title": "Court orders police cover to family from PFI ire", "text": "KOCHI: A Muslim family in Thiruvananthapuram was given police protection by the Kerala high court on Thursday after they complained to court that they are facing a threat from Popular Front of India (PFI). The family had turned down a request by PFI to conduct freedom parade on their land. In a petition filed by Sulaikha Fasal, a resident of Kurikkad near Idichakkaplamoodu, she alleged that her family is facing threats from PFI after she and her husband, who is working abroad, denied permission to PFI for conducting freedom parade on August 15 at their ancestral land in Parassala.PFI activists Ahmed Kabir, Sudhir, and Jabir Hussain approached her family to obtain permission for conducting a parade and she denied this request after consulting her husband. Once the family rejected PFI's request, they faced threats and family members are afraid to even venture out of their house, Sulaikha alleged in the petition. She said that she is staying with her mom and two kids.Though complaints were given to the police and home minister, no action was taken, she alleged. The petition at the high court was filed subsequently, the petition stated. Considering the petition, division bench of justice K M Joseph and justice K Harilal ordered that the family should be provided adequate protection by the police.Kochi: A Muslim family hailing from Thiruvannathapuram was afforded police protection by the Kerala High Court on Thursday after complained to court that they are facing threat from Popular Front of India (PFI) for not allowing to conduct Freedom Parade in their land.In the petition filed by Sulaikha Fasal, a resident of Kurikkad near idichakkaplamoodu, she alleged that her family is facing threats from PFI after she and her husband, who is working abroad, denied permission to PFI for conducting Freedom Parade on August 15 at their ancestral land at Parassala.PFI activists Ahmed Kabir, Sudhir, and Jabir Hussain approached her family for obtaining permission to conduct the parade at the ancestral land and the family denied permission after consulting with her husband over phone.Once the family informed the PFI activists that they are not willing to allow using the land for conducting the parade, they are facing threats and family members are unable to even venture out of their house, Sulaikha alleged in the petition.She highlighted in the petition that she is staying with her mom and two kids aged 9 and 12 and is presently living in fear due to the threats. Though complaints were made to the police and home minister, no action was taken, she alleged. The petition at the high court was filed subsequently, the petition stated.Considering the petition, division bench of Justice KM Joseph and Justice K Harilal ordered that the family should be provided adequate protection by police against the threats faced by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332202", "title": "Letter had warned of attack to avenge Qateel\u2019s death: Maharashtra home minister", "text": "MUMBAI: In a twist to the Pune serial blasts case, Maharashtra home minister R R Patil on Thursday said the Pune police commissioner had received an anonymous letter a few days ago, warning that the death of Qateel Siddiqui in police custody would be avenged.The police had identified Qateel as an Indian Mujahideen operative allegedly involved in several terror cases, including the German Bakery blast and the Bangalore terror attack. He was strangled to death by his two inmates at the Yerawada jail in Pune in June.\"A letter, written in Marathi, indicating that Qateel's death had become a major flashpoint, was received by the Pune police,\" Patil said, adding, \"According to preliminary reports, ammonium nitrate was used. But the department is awaiting a detailed report from the forensic laboratory on this.\"Although the letter is anonymous, the investigating team is looking into its source. ATS and crime branch teams have formed to probe the blast case. Besides the anonymous letter, all other possible angles, too, are being scanned by the investigating team.Minister of state for home Satej Patil said, \"Electronic timer and square batteries were used in explosives.\" The investigating agencies are also trying to find out how Dayanand Patil came in contact with the bomb. CCTV footage, which is available, is being scanned by the investigating team.With the festival season to begin soon, the state government held a high-level internal security meeting in Mantralaya. \"In the meeting, the law and order situation, especially security arrangements in Mumbai, Pune, Thane and other metros ahead of festivals like Dahi-Handi, Id and Ganeshotsav, were reviewed,\" said a senior home department official. \"Even coastal security was discussed in the meeting,\" the official added.Newly appointed director general of police (DGP), Sanjeev Dayal, briefed chief minister Prithviraj Chavan about the Pune blast and the law and order situation in the state, it is learnt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15334186", "title": "'Shiksha Rakhis' for school dropouts", "text": "PATNA: 'Rakshabandhan' or 'Rakhi', a special occasion celebrated to enjoy the emotional bonding of brother and sister by tying a beautiful thread, was celebrated in a number of schools in the city in a unique manner.Students of several government schools and a few private schools, including Narayani Kanya Madhya Vidyalaya, Sudershan Central School, Patna City, Julie School and Nari Gunjan etc, tied 'Shiksha Rakhis' on wrists of out-of-school and dropout children residing in and around their school premises. \"The 'Shiksha Rakhis', which schoolchildren, especially members of Meena Manch and Bal Sansad, tied, pulsated with love and sublime sentiments of the kids. The message 'School Aao' has a great emotional appeal and will definitely motivate the children,\" said a schoolteacher, Anita Prasad.\"This is an ongoing drive and on Friday also the campaign will be undertaken in Madhya Vidyalaya, Ramji Chak, Patna, Primary School, Kathpul Mandiri, and City Public School, Pashchim Darwaza. In fact, our aim is to enrol every out-of-school children in school and ensure that their right to education is protected,\" said a Bihar Education Project (BEP) official.It may be mentioned here that the programme has been launched by the state government and BEP in 50 schools of the town and 10 private schools have also joined the initiative. Unicef has also extended its support to the programme.\"The ritual of tying a thread not only strengthens the bond of love but also underscores the need for a harmonious social life, where every individual can coexist peacefully. This 'Shiksha Rakhi' will not only strengthen the bond between children coming from various strata of society but will help in implementation of children's right to education,\" said an official of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan.Despite being a holiday in schools on Thursday, some children of the select schools, after collecting 'rakhis' moved around in nearby slums and other places where the number of out-of-school children is more. After tying 'rakhi', they also offered sweets and motivated their parents to send their wards to school.Sweety, a Class VI girl said, \"I tied 'Shiksha Rakhi' to a few children who instead of coming to school are busy playing the whole day or roaming here and there.\" Shikha, a Class VII student, said, \"After tying 'rakhi' to both my elder brothers, I quickly came to school to tie 'rakhi' on the wrists of deprived children. I enjoyed the day and am also excited about its outcome.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15333297", "title": "Mumbai\u2019s famous nightlife goes \u2018gentle into the night\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The billing that Mumbai once got, 'the city that never sleeps', has become specious over time. It neither provides the throbbing nightlife boasted of by other international cities nor does it offer dining experiences in the multitudes that others afford.The World Cities Culture Report 2012 says Mumbai has 29 nightclubs and 543 bars, which, even when put together, are not a patch on Shanghai's 1,865 discos and Tokyo's 14,184 bars. Not surprisingly then, the city is not a global tourism magnet: it gets the fewest foreign tourists among the 12 cities studied in the survey.Theatre veteran Alyque Padamsee says Mumbai used to be a \"swinging place\" 40 years ago, bustling with every form of entertainment from live bands in restaurants to striptease joints and clubs. But the introduction of a hefty entertainment tax, he believes, killed much of that culture as restaurants found it financially disastrous to pay both performers and the government. \"I blame the Maharashtra government for being short-sighted and believing that anything that is popular should be taxed, making it unpopular in turn.\"Many citizens feel the official enthusiasm for moral policing, as instanced by ACP Vasant Dhoble's recent crackdown on bars and pubs, further played spoilsport. They point out that even the few cultural festivals hosted in Mumbai\u2014such as Kala Ghoda Festival and Bandra fest\u2014are forced to wrap up by 10pm. The imprudent deadline barely gives most office-goers enough time to reach the venues.Still, artist and socialite Nawaz Mody Singhania is upbeat about Mumbai's entertainment culture. She believes it can thrive further if the authorities shift their focus to serious issues, such as controlling crime, instead of clamping down on the city's nightlife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15332759", "title": "Brutally attacked child out of danger", "text": "BANGALORE: Priya Sharma, the 5-year-old child of Pavan Sharma and Babitha Devi who were bludgeoned to death on Wednesday, is recovering well in Nimhans.Hospital officials said she's out of danger and stable. \"She has a scalp injury and skull fracture, but no surgery was required. She has responded positively to treatment,\" said Dr VL Sateesh, medical superintendent, Nimhans.Meanwhile, police luanched a manhunt for Karthick, the prime suspect in the double murder in Cottonpet.None of the couple's relatives have come to the hospital or police. Dr Sateesh said that it's not possible to say how longer the child will have to remain in hospital. \"Our team from the department of child psychiatry is counseling her,\" he added.Deputy commissioner of police SN Siddramappa said police still don't have any clues about the killer as the couple didn't collect basic information like home address before giving him the job. He added that police are following a \"definite lead\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15336023", "title": "A rectified version of Heroine trailer for Middle East?", "text": "The first look of Madhur Bhandarkar's dream venture Heroine has triggered off a controversy in the United Arab Emirates . Kareena Kapoor's dialogue, where she accuses the media of holding preconceived notions about actresses and says, \"Heroine ne gaadi li toh business man ne gift kiya... aur God forbid Dubai gayi, toh uska rate card ban jaata hai,\" has hurt the sentiments of people in the emirate.The media has accused Bhandarkar of 'ignorance' and said that the immoral reference to the city was not required. And now, TOI has learnt that the makers have collectively decided to take preventive action and change the controversial dialogue in the copy of the film that will be screened there.A leading newspaper in the Gulf, quoted a radio jockey, \"Bollywood has once again tarnished the image of Dubai by typecasting it as the hub of illegal and immoral activities. Let's not forget that Dubai is home to a number of Bollywood stars.\"The RJ had added, \"To use its name is such a callous manner shows the ignorance of the filmmaker and is just not acceptable.\" Ironically, the same filmmaker, had premiered Fashion in UAE and was also honoured in Dubai for his contri bution to Indian cinema a couple of years back. An insider explained, \"Dubai is a big market for Hindi movies. The controversy may affect the business of Heroine. And thus, the makers have now decided to take preventive measures. It is a big budget production. And a lot of hopes of the producers, the director as well as the actors are pinned on it.\" Interestingly, the film censor body of UAE, had passed the trailer of Heroine with the word 'Dubai' in it. However, following the controversy, producers Bhandarkar and UTV Motion Pictures have now jointly decided to do away with the particular word.Though Bhandarkar remained unavailable for comment, a friend of the filmmaker called up to say, \"Madhur is very upset and doesn't want to talk about it. His previous films have done well in Dubai and he doesn't want to miss out on the business there, this time. He is in a dilemma over what to do. He will either mute the word 'Dubai' or dub it with a suitable alternative in the UAE copy of Heroine . Also, a rectified version of the promo will be aired in the Middle East, starting Saturday. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15338149", "title": "DU students' union election dates announced", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University announced the election schedule for the office bearers of Delhi University Students' Union 2012-13 and members of central council 2012-13 on Thursday. The election process will start from September 4, 2012 with the filing of nominations and the process will come to an end on with the declaration of the results.DU has earlier appointed professor C S Dubey from the department of geology as the chief election officer and professor D S Rawat from the department of chemistry as the chief returning officer. Deputy dean of the university information centre, Dr Satish Kumar will be the returning officer. Dubey and his team has been entrusted with the task for smooth conduct of the students' union elections.Also, principals of various colleges and heads of institutions affiliated to DUSU has been appointed as the election officers for the conduct of election of office bearers and members o the central council of the DUSU in their respective colleges and institutions for 2012-13.The last date for withdrawal of nominations is September 6, 2012, while the final list of candidates will be declared on the same day at 5pm. Polling will be conducted on September 14, 2012 from 8.30 am to 12.30 pm for morning colleges and 3 pm to 7 pm for evening colleges. But unlike previous years, the university has not announced the date, time and venue for counting of votes in the election schedule.Last year, while Akhil Bharatita Vidyarthi Parishad managed to bag three of the four post of the DUSU panel, the top post for president was won by National Students' Union of India. ##", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15332677", "title": "Rally in Mangalore tomorrow", "text": "BANGALORE: Activists of the Karnataka Komu Souharda Vedike will stage a protest condemning the recent moral policing incident in Mangalore, in the port city on Saturday. The rally starts at 4pm from Jyoti Circle and proceed to the district commissioner's office.Suresh Bhat Bakrabail, president of the Vedike, told reporters the recent attacks exposed the ineffectiveness of the administration and police as they have failed to halt such acts by right-wing Hindutva activists.It's unconstitutional for activists of pro-Hindu outfits to get involved in moral policing, said BT Lalitha Naik, former social welfare minister, a member of the forum. \"These goons should be given the harshest of punishment, as not only did they thrash innocent youngsters but also robbed them,\" she said.The group is also demanding that the case against the Hindutva activists be transferred to the CBI. Their other demands include ex-communicating Dakshina Kannada presidents of the Hindu Jagarana Vedike and Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS).\"These people were also involved in creating problems against Muslim girls wearing scarves in college. They should be given the harshest of punishment,\" said Chand Peer, VP, Bangalore chapter of Karnataka Komu Souharda Vedike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15333030", "title": "Rain fills Gangapur dam by 33%", "text": "NASHIK: The revival of monsoon has increased the water level in the Gangapur dam, the main source of the drinking water for the city, from 25% to 33% of its total capacity.The water level in the Gangapur dam has increased by 1,276 Million Cubic Feet (MCFT) to 1,857 MCFT in the past 20 days since July 15.Meanwhile, the rains, which continued for the last six-seven days, disappeared on Thursday, registering the rainfall of 1.6 mm. So far, the total rainfall in Nashik has reached 132.6 mm.The NMC has decided to continue with the present water cut until the city gets satisfactory rainfall. Delay in rainfall had the NMC impose 15-20% water cut in all six divisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15337666", "title": "Ragging: Higher education department warns of cracking a whip", "text": "BHOPAL: With the start of the new academic session, the higher education department has issued fresh guidelines to curb ragging in educational institutions. The department has made it clear that strict actions would be taken if anyone found guilty.Issuing fresh guidelines on its official website, the department says ragging, in all forms, is completely banned in the educational institutions including its departments, constituent units, all its premises whether located within the campus or outside and in all means of transportation of students.Regarding the punishment the department stated that depending upon the nature and gravity of the offence, the guilty students would attract rustication from institution for a period ranging from 1 to 3 years, suspension from attending classes, withholding or withdrawing scholarships, forfeiting campus placement opportunities.Besides, the guilty students of ragging can be debarred from appearing in any test or withholding the results. In the sever cases, expulsion from institutions and consequent debarring from admission to any other institution for a specified period.The authorities can impose monetary punishment where a student has to pay Rs 25,000.In the case of persons committing or abetting the crime of ragging are not identified, the authorities can resort to collective punishment. In case of every single incident of ragging, an FIR will be filed with the local police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15333291", "title": "Box office rules: Bollywood provides only saving grace", "text": "MUMBAI: True to its legacy, Mumbai's cinema culture stands tall among global cities, according to the World Cities Culture Report 2012. With 3,781 films released theatrically in a year, Mumbai offers citizens more cinematic variety than other global cities\u2014way more than second-placed Tokyo , which gets 799 releases in the same period.Still, the city's infrastructure needs a boost. It has 232 cinema screens, which is fewer than in the other 11 global cities analysed in the report. Paris , which is credited with the earliest projected pictures thanks to the Lumiere brothers, now has 1,003 screens, while Shanghai has 670. The report also points out that there is no Bollywood museum in Mumbai.\"Unless we begin to look at Mumbai as the Mecca of the entertainment world, nothing significant will happen on the ground. But for that we will have de-link ourselves from our colonial hangover and celebrate our uniqueness. The Bollywood idiom has been shaped by the people of this country. We must treasure it,\" says filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt.Filmmaker Anand Patwardhan believes the city needs to bring back the culture of old cinema houses, which were traditional places for middle-class family outings and quality cinema. He says that multiplexes have fostered more of a consumerist culture than promoting real cinema. \"We also have very few cinemas for independent films and documentaries.\"(With inputs from Bharati Dubey)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "15337205", "title": "Ujjain Municipal Corporation revenue inspector caught accepting bribe", "text": "UJJAIN: Soon after the raids on the house of an Ujjain Development Authority executive engineer that uncovered assets to the tunes of over Rs 10 crore, the Lokayukta team Wednesday night caught an Ujjain Municipal Corporation (UMC) revenue inspector red-handed while accepting bribe.The accused has been identified as Amitsingh Chavhan, who allegedly accepted Rs 1,000 from a person for getting his cow released from the civic body's care centre for stray animals.SP (Lokayukta) Arun Mishra said that on Monday, a group of municipal corporation officials caught a cow of one Shesh Narayan Tiwari from the road and sent it to Urdupuras Kanji House, the care centre run by the civic body to keep stray animals.\"For releasing his cow and settling the issue, Tiwari's friends met Chavhan,\" said the SP adding that instead of imposing a fine of Rs 300 from Tiwari, the revenue inspector allegedly demanded Rs 1,000 for settling the matter. When the bargain was going on, one of the friends of Tiwari recorded the entire conversation in his cell phone and armed with it, he later lodged a complaint against the accused with the Lokayukta police.A Lokayukta team laid a trap for the UMC official at a local cafe to nab him red-handed and asked Tiwari to call the accused there under the pretext of handing him over the bribe amount that he demanded.\"When Tiwari was handing over the bribe amount of Rs 1,000 to the revenue inspector, we caught him and subjected him to the necessary confirmation test,\" said the SP.The accused has been booked under relevant sections after his arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15333228", "title": "Drive against vehicle safety violations continues", "text": "COIMBATORE: The transport department's drive against non-compliance to safety rules for vehicles of educational institutions continued on Thursday, following the death of two girl children who were crushed under the wheels of school buses in two different incidents at Selayur near Chennai and Vellore recently.So far, officials have inspected 3276 vehicles including 2083 school buses and 1193 college buses. There are 3564 institutional buses which operate in Coimbatore under various regional transport offices.Officials have cancelled fitness certificates for 79 buses that violated safety violations. Out of this, 53 buses belonged to schools and the rest were college buses. Officials issued notices to 196 buses during the four-day drive. Besides this, a fine of Rs 1.17 lakh was imposed on 112 vehicles, the release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15336336", "title": "Prosenjit Chatterjee and Arpita in Suman Ghosh\u2019s next", "text": "Will they? Won't they? Having played the maybe-yesmaybe-not game for long, it seems that Tollywood's first couple \u2014 Prosenjit Chatterjee and Arpita \u2014 is finally set to star in a film together. If sources are to be believed, Suman Ghosh of \"Nobel Chor\" fame might bring the duo back on screen.The real couple has eluded the celluloid for a reel stint ever since their marriage. This, despite their last film together, \" Utsab \", directed by Rituparno Ghosh , winning accolades galore.But for the past one year, expectations of a possible comeback have been building. First, director Ujjal Chakraborty signed them on for \" Ananda Math \", based on Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay's famous novel by the same name. Even if the film was put on the back burner, hopes were raised with director Goutam Ghose wanting to cast them together. Said a source close to the unit, \"Though Suman isn't ready to divulge the storyline just yet, he has already signed on Prosenjit and Arpita.\" The director, who is currently doing a recce of the city, is expected to begin shooting in January. \"Talks are on and nothing has been finalized. The film is not starting before next year,\" Arpita said.Meanwhile, the source added that Bickram Ghosh will compose for the film. The musician, who is currently in the Netherlands, couldn't be reached, but it's heard that he will finalize the project on his return. When TOI got in touch with the director, he neither confirmed nor denied the news. \"I'm not ready to talk about the film,\" is all that he offered. That sure will keep the gossip mill going for some time now!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15337060", "title": "Deepika, Rajinikanth to visit Japan", "text": "While an appropriate date in December for the release of Rajinikanth's eagerly-awaited post-illness opus Kochadaiyaan is being worked out, what emerges with absolute clarity is that this would be no run-of-the-mill release for a Rajnikanth starrer.All stops are being pulled out to ensure Kochadaiyaan is a historical event for Rajinikanth's fans. Even as a date in December for a simultaneous worldwide release is being worked out, we now hear a 4-city 'world'wind premiere tour is being planned for Rajinikanth. While the mega-star would personally be present in Mumbai, Hyderabad and Chennai it would be his visit to Tokyo that is of optimum interest.Rajinikanth has a huge fan-following in Japan. He has been planning a visit to the country since the Tsunami earthquake earlier this year.Says a source close to the project, \"All the dynamics of a Japanese premiere for Kochadaiyaan are now being worked out. Deepika and Rajini Sir are expected to be in Tokyo in December for the premiere.\"The actor's health issues have been worked out now and he has been declared fit to travel by his doctors.When contacted the film's producer Dr Murli Manohar said, \"We're certainly looking at a gigantic release. The film will be released in separate languages in different parts. We're planning to give Rajiniji's fans a treat.\"Apparently Rajinikanth is brushing up his Japanese for the December visit to the country. \"He won't be able to dub his own lines in the Japanese version of Kochadaiyaan . But he'd be able to converse with his fans,\" says our source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15333468", "title": "Need to organize Pune as a cluster of micro cities: Abdul Kalam", "text": "PUNE: Former President APJ Abdul Kalam on Thursday strongly advocated the need for organising cities such as Pune into a 'cluster of micro cities' as part of an effort to secure a carbon neutral city.Speaking at a round table event here on Thursday, Kalam unveiled his vision of how a carbon neutral city, with an efficient transport system and eco-friendly conditions, can evolve.The round table on 'Energy and environmental dilemma and its impact on national security' was organised by the Pune International Centre (PIC), a forum of thought leaders from different walks of life.\"I have visited hundreds of cities across the world, but not one of them comes close to my ideal. The profile of my dream city is that it should have a population of not more than five million, it should generate its own power through green sources, it should be a vibrant economy where everyone has access to clean energy, clean water, where everyone use bio-fuel and insist on rainwater harvesting and a city that is full of parks and trees,\" he said. \"Also, people should be able to move without any traffic congestion,\" he added.\"In short, the city should be the flag-bearer of eco-friendly habitats, which aim at complete carbon neutrality. To realize this dream, we need to organize our cities as a cluster of micro cities,\" he said.Kalam said, \"Such clusters ought to have smart buildings, a clean transport system with mass transit metros, medium scale transport system and provision of bicycling, such as exclusive bicycle lane, assured safety of passenger in all mode and all roadways encouraging walkers in the walk lane as a health promoter concept.\"\"In addition, the transport system must use green fuels so that emission of green house gases are contained in the beginning stage itself,\" he said. \"Also, the city has to create eco zones by integrating mini forests wherever possible,\" he added.Kalam devoted much of his speech on his vision of 'Energy independence by 2030' stating that India has to work for energy independence which will aim at total freedom from oil, gas and coal-based system progressively.\"As per the present estimate, 85% of electric power generation is dependent on oil, natural gas and coal. \"Though India has abundant quantities of coal, it is constrained to regional locations, high ash content, affecting the thermal efficiency of our power plants and also there are environmental concerns,\" he said.He said, \"By 2030, the total energy requirement for the country would increase to 4 lakh MW from the existing 1.85 lakh MW. Ideally, we have to plan for 2.15 lakh MW of power from renewable energy resources like hydel, wind, solar, nuclear and conversion of municipal waste into energy.\"Referring to solar energy potential, Kalam cited the example of Gujarat which has generated 680 MW of solar electric power through public-private partnership programme and the power has been fed to the grid. \"In this context, Gujarat should be studied by all the states in the country,\" he said.Kalam also called for establishment of a 'World energy independence and environment platform', which would facilitate research, development, marketing and deployment of all aspects of alternative and green energy and lead to sustainable environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15333671", "title": "Man with 368 cheques worth Rs 3 crore arrested", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Georgetown police on Thursday arrested a resident of Pratapgarh district from Dandiya road in Allahpur locality and recovered 368 cheques of different banks amounting to Rs 3 crore alongwith 36 pass books in the name of different persons, 34 ATM cards, 26 cheque books, 1 PAN card and 5 driving licences from his possession. The police team also recovered 50 photographs, 8 ID cards of different persons and rubber stamps.Senior superintendent of police (SSP) Mohit Agarwal said that the police team led by the station officer, Georgetown police station, Dhananjay Mishra on a tip off arrested Sanjay Jaiswal, son of Shyam Shankar Jaiswal and resident New Colony, Babagunj, Pratapgarh moving in the area under suspicious condition and recovered the above items from his possession.Upon sustained interrogation, the arrested man revealed that he worked as a delivery man at a courier company in Hazratganj, Lucknow. During this period, he came in contact with Zafar and his associates after which they formed a gang and planned to steal cheques of different banks from the envelopes kept at the office of courier companies.The accused person cleverly forged the signatures of banks staff to show false receipts of cheques. Thereafter the group would open a fake account in the name of person mentioned on the cheques by submitting a fake identity proof. After obtaining an ATM card against the said account the gang members would withdraw the entire amount from the said account.The gang continued their operations in several states including West Bengal, Bihar and Delhi since the last two years. With the money earned from this illegal practise, the accused Sanjay Jaiswal had bought a shop in Indira Bhawan, one Indigo car, one motorcycle, air conditioner, refrigerator, washing machine and television. A case under Section 419/420/467/468/471/379/411 has been registered against the arrested person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "asansol", "code": "15332161", "title": "Trapped miners rescued after a 6-hour ordeal", "text": "Asansol: Twenty-one coal miners, trapped in the pit for over six hours, were rescued around 1.30pm on Thursday. The miners of Shyamla Colliery under Eastern Coalfields Limited (ECL) in Pandaveswar were stuck due to a mechanical failure in the lift.About 27 workers had been working the night shift. While six of them came out around 6.30pm, the others - including assistant manager Chandra Kishore Das - got trapped after the lift suddenly stopped working. The higher authorities were informed around 7.10am and rescue operation started. The management tried to start the emergency lift, but failed after the mud plug in the boiler leaked and water of the steam engine drained out. After it was repaired, the lift finally started working around 1.30pm.Citu leader Naba Gopal Mishra alleged that safety of miners was not the top priority and thus no efforts had been made to keep the emergency lift working.Niladri Roy, technical secretary to CMD of ECL, said that the mechanical failure is quite common and can occur at any time. Allegations of the trade unions will be probed, Roy added. But still the allegations of the trade unions will be probed.The latest ordeal for miners comes three days after 200 of them trapped in coal mines of the state following a country-wide power failure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332642", "title": "Versova parents to meet cops today", "text": "MUMBAI: The parents of the Versova siblings who died of pesticide poisoning returned to Mumbai from Muscat on Thursday evening. Gayasuddin and Farzana Chougle will meet the police on Friday.Gayasuddin told TOI he would meet additional commissioner of police Vishwas Nagre Patil. \"Nobody can understand the plight of a mother who has lost both her children in one stroke. It is I who must live with this loss,\" Farzana said. Friday will mark one month since the incident.About the parents' return, a senior police officer said, \"We had never restricted their movements so the Chougle couple were free to travel as they chose. They are not suspects and so there was no question of declaring them missing or absconding.Let us meet them and gauge the direction of the probe,\" said the officer, maintaining the deaths were being treated as accidents, not suicide or murder. \"The daughter, Rehab, was alive andconscious during the initial phase of treatment and did not point towards the possibility of an attempt at suicide or homicide. If Farzana, who was present when her children took ill, had something to hide, why would she point the doctors towards the pesticide, which caused her children's death?\" But those - including the homoeopath who prepared Rameez's death certificate-who visited the Chougles' home on the night of July 3-4 say they were not told of this likely cause. Till July 12, the family had also denied to cops about that pest control.A panel of government hospital doctors had questioned why Criticare Hospital doctors had not \"disclosed\" that they had reserved Rehab's samples of stomach wash until July 11, a week after her death. \"No investigator asked for it. In a medico-legal case, the police seek evidence. rather than doctors volunteering it.We were not told of a history of poisoning but still, called the police and retained the gastric aspirates. We were led to believe that pest control had caused Rehab to inhale toxic substance. Little did we think that she had ingested it. It was we who ran after the little-knownaluminum phosphide, conducting detection work over medical work,\" said Dr Deepak Namjoshi of Criticare. He was not summoned before the panel.The experts asked why Criticare sent Rehab to Kokilaben hospital. Namjoshi said, \"Every seriously ill patient is told that he is free to take a second opinion. The standard procedure was followed in this case as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15334352", "title": "Bihar renews plea for N-power plant", "text": "PATNA: In view of the serious crisis of coal, Bihar government has renewed its plea for setting up a nuclear power plant at Rajauli in Nawada district of the state. The issue was raised at a meeting of states' energy ministers in New Delhi last month by Bihar's energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav, saying that land for the nuclear power plant had already been selected at Rajauli way back in 2007.A few years back, Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited (NPCIL) had proposed setting up a 4x700MW nuclear power plant at Rajauli. But inadequate water availability is proving a stumbling block in the way of setting up Bihar's first nuclear power plant.According to a senior Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) official, 320 cusecs of water is required for the project, of which 160 cusecs would be consumptive. Bihar's water resources development (WRD) department has indicated that adequate quantity of water would not be available from the proposed Dhanarjay reservoir and existing Phulwaria reservoir for a 4x700MW plant. It has indicated availability of 127 cusecs water to meet the requirement of 2x700MW or 4X450 MW N-power plant.\"We have requested the NPCIL to have a relook at the project in the light of expected availability of water,\" said a BSEB official. A few years back, the BSEB had requested the NPCIL to set up a power plant with a reduced capacity of 4x450 MW or 2x700 MW power plant.,A four-member expert team of the NPCIL had inspected the Rajauli site in 2007. It had even then raised doubts over the availability of adequate water required for the plant. Former Bihar energy minister Ramashray Prasad Singh had sent a couple of reminders to his counterpart at the Centre to consider Rajauli for a nuclear power plant of a reduced capacity.Recently, NPCIL has identified four new sites in the country for setting up indigenously-designed Pressurised Heavy Water Reactors (PHWR). These plants are expected to come up in states like Haryana, Rajasthan and MP. \"We have identified four sites to set up 2x700MW plant each in the first phase, which may have potential for expansion up to 2,800MW each. Land acquisition work and pre-project activities for these plants are on,\" an NPCIL official said.\"With the recent appointment of Bihar's native, Ratan Kumar Sinha, as the director of Bhabha Atomic Research Centre, we are hopeful of getting a nuclear power plant,\" said a state government official. Sinha is a mechanical engineer graduate from Patna University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15335661", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan to do cameo in Krrish 3", "text": "Hrithik Roshan's brief but stunning cameo in Shah Rukh Khan-starrer Don 2 became quite the talking point.We now hear Shah Rukh will reciprocate the gesture by playing a small part in Krrish 3 that stars buddy Hrithik.While details of Shah Rukh's role in the sequel to Krrish aren't yet known,a source close to the two actors told TOI,\"Hrithik and Shah Rukh have been meeting up to discuss Shah Rukh's cameo in the film.With SRK having already done a superhero film,it could be a Krrish and RA.One .union in one of the climactic scenes.Since they share a great rapport,it shouldn't be difficult for either one of them.\"True.Shah Rukh and Hrithik go back a long way.They've known each other since Hrithik assisted dad Rakesh Roshan in his film Koyla that starred SRK and Madhuri Dixit in the lead.They get along well both personally and professionally.What's more,Hrithik's wife Sussanne is very close to Shah Rukh's better half Gauri and they are often seen partying together as part of the same girl gang.Not only do they have similar lifestyles but have recently turned partners in an interiors and furnishings business.In Don 2 , audiences were thrilled to watch Hrithik Roshan ,who is seen close dancing with Priyanka Chopra ,suddenly remove his face mask and become voila Shah Rukh... For now,the suspense about what exactly Shah Rukh will do in Krrish 3 may be killing but it is certain SRK will put in an appearance in the film.Apparently,shooting will commence depending on Shah Rukh's availability.Listen Shah Rukh Khan's superhit songs on Gaana.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15337646", "title": "Madhya Pradesh govt stance on tourism ban in tiger reserves riles crusaders", "text": "BHOPAL: Tiger conservationists in Madhya Pradesh are crying foul over the state government plan to move the Supreme Court against its recent order banning tourism in the core areas of tiger reserves, alleging that leaders of both the BJP and the Congress and their kin have business interests in state's wildlife tourism.\"Let the state government first come out with a white paper, listing the ownership of hotels and resorts in and around national parks, Many BJP leaders, including ministers' close kin, MLAs of both BJP and Congress, have business interests in hotels and resorts,\" said activist Ajay Dubey, who moved the apex court seeking a ban in tourism in core areas of tiger reserve.Dubey said a minister's son, who was a member of state wildlife board earlier, is running a resort near Panna Tiger Reserve (PTR) while another BJP MLA and a Congress MLA have similar business interests in Bandhavgarh tiger reserves area. Another senior BJP leader's close relatives have interest in resort business in Kanha National Park area while a former MLA and is a relative of a late Congress leader have similar interests in Bandhavgarh, he claimed.Claiming that the state government move was aimed at benefiting the powerful tourism lobby and not for protecting the livelihood of local communities, he told TOI that the apex court did not ban tourism per se but only sought to shift it from \"core areas\" to \"buffer zones\" till further orders. He described the arguments that such a ban on tourism would leave locals unemployed and they could lean towards Naxalism as ridiculous.However, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, seeking cooperation of the Centre, has been maintaining that the ban would definitely have a substantial effect as the state's tiger reserves attracted domestic and foreign tourists.Dubey, whose environmental action group \"Prayatna\" had moved the court for protection and conservation of tigers, said during the last three-and-a-half years, the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA), state's forest and mining departments had filed replies in the court from time to time, stating their positions.Quoting eco-tourism guidelines formulated by the NTCA under the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF), he said all tourist operations within 5 km of all 600 plus tiger reserves, national parks, sanctuaries and wildlife corridors in the country will to fork out a minimum of 10% of their turnover as \" local conservation fee\", which will be used not only to protect wildlife areas but also provide financial assistance to communities and people living around these green patches.\"This fund was meant to be spent on forest resource conservation, managing human-animal conflict and generating income for communities\", he said adding that this would benefit the unemployed tribes and other weaker sections of society and it will help prevent Naxalites making inroads into these areas.An action committee, \"Pachmarhi Bachao Samiti\", has been formed to save the hill station, known as Queen of Satpura, from the impact of court order banning tourism in the core areas of tiger reserve.The region forms part of the Satpura Tiger Reserve. Congress MP Udaya Pratap Singh and local legislators participated in the meeting, which resolved to fight for keeping Pachmarhi out of the purview of the ban.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15336380", "title": "Rakhi: Cementing sibling bond with cord", "text": "KANPUR: Rakshabandhan was celebrated with fun and on Thursday.Married women and young girls, dressed up in best, and henna designs on hands, were seen en-route to brothers' homes to tie 'rakhi'. The brothers visited the sisters in cases where the sister was unable to visit him.Many brother-sister pairs were spotted at the markets. The brothers were there to look for gifts for the sisters while the sisters were found searching the return gifts for 'bhaiya'. The sweets and bakery shops witnessed huge rush.The festival symobolizes trust between sisters and brothers, with a sister praying for the lifelong well-being of her brother, who vows to help and protect her. Swati, a class V student, could not stop gushing after getting a box of chocolates from her brother. For Mitali, this Rakshabandha was a bit special as her brother settled in US, came to India after three years.\"It is going to be best Rakshabandhan. My brother came to celebrate the festival with me. We have celebrated may 'rakhis' together but its has been a long gap for me to tie 'rakhi' on his wrist,\" she said. Vishal took his younger sisters Shikha and Deepti for a movie and shopping. \"I took my both sisters to watch 'Kya Super Cool Hain Hum'. The evening was spent in shopping. My sisters said that the dinner was the best part of my preparations,\" he said.For those who could not be with their siblings, mails and phone calls started pouring in.Kanika, whose brother is in Bangalore, said: \"My brother works for an IT company in Bangalore. He could not come and unfortunately even I could not sent him 'rakhi' as it was late,\" she said.This ritual strengthens the bond of love between brothers and sisters and also transcends the confines of the family. \"It won't be wrong to say that the fashionable friendship band in vogue today is an extension of the Rakhi custom. When a girl feels a friend of the opposite sex has developed a kind of love too strong for her to reciprocate, she sends the guy a Rakhi and turns the relationship into a sisterly one,\" a senior citizen said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "pallekele (sri lanka)", "code": "15338422", "title": "5th ODI: India looks to complete 4-1 drubbing over Sri Lanka", "text": "PALLEKELE (SRI LANKA): With the series already under their belt, a confident India will look to continue their dominating run and complete a 4-1 drubbing over an inconsistent Sri Lanka in the final one-dayer on Saturday.India have been consistent and have dominated the five-match series right from the start, barring the second ODI, which they lost by nine wickets, after coming into the tournament following a prolonged break.The visitors took an unassailable 3-1 lead after winning the fourth one-dayer by six wickets in their last outing and Mahendra Singh Dhoni's men will now aim to end the series on a high.Sri Lanka, on the other hand, never bargained to be 1-3 down with just one to play in the one-day series and Mahela Jayawardene's men will hope to salvage some pride by making it 2-3 rather than facing the 1-4 ignominy.Jayawardene was honest in his assessment that the hosts were simply not good enough against the world champions and blamed their inconsistency for the sorry state.The hosts came to Colombo with series level at 1-1. Given the consistent home favour in the history of games at the Premadasa, the expectations were high from the home team to press ahead the home advantage.But it was not to be. Rather, it was Dhoni's men who created history at Premadasa by comfortably winning the third and fourth ODI by five wickets and six wickets.For Sri Lanka, it was not just inconsistency but more of an under-performance which has never been seen in a home series of such high stake.Apart from Kumar Sangakkara's brilliant 133 in the first game at Hambantota, Sri Lankans have been below par. Take the case of Tillakaratne Dilshan.The opener has failed to fire at the top with only one 50 in the four outings. His partner Tharanga was slightly better getting two 50s.Jayawardene himself has been patchy. His decision to drop down the order to allow the young Dinesh Chandimal to take charge has not proved to be a wise option and the Sri Lankan captain would do well to return to his familiar position to see if he could inspire the team on Saturday.The middle-order of Angelo Mathews and Chandimal have produced only flashes of brilliance while Thisara Perera's all-round efforts were not at par with his performance against Pakistan.Sri Lanka also have been suffering from a series of injury worries. Losing in-form Sangakkara after the third ODI following his fracture in the little finger of his right hand has affected their cause.The fast bowling unit also looks bare with as many as six pacers being out through injuries. Lasith Malinga has been leading the attack but he has accounted for only five wickets in four games, while giving away runs at a premium.Jayawardene now wants a decent performance from his team in the last ODI at Kandy and then his focus will be on the availability of resources ahead of a busy schedule.\"I need to speak to the management and see how best we can do that. I know a couple of guys are really struggling with fatigue. We will see what options are and try and motivate them to go out and take up the challenge,\" he said.\"Kandy is going to be a different challenge altogether. We need to try and put up a decent performance together.\"The Squads (from): India: Mahendra Singh Dhoni (c), Virat Kohli (vc), Gautam Gambhir , Suresh Raina , Virender Sehwag , Rohit Sharma , R Ashwin, Pragyan Ojha, Zaheer Khan, Umesh Yadav, Ashok Dinda, Irfan Pathan, Ajinkya Rahane, Manoj Tiwary , Rahul Sharma.Sri Lanka: Mahela Jayawardene (c), Angelo Mathews (vc), Tillakaratne Dilshan , Kumar Sangakkara , Upul Tharanga, Dinesh Chandimal, Nuwan Kulasekara, Thisara Perera, Lahiru Thirimanne, Lasith Malinga, Chamara Kapugedara, Rangana Herath , Sachithra Senanayake, Jeevan Mendis, Isuru Udana.Match starts at 2.30 pm (IST).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332904", "title": "Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation awaits cloud seeding report", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC will take a final call on cloud seeding next week, after the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) submits feasibility data.On Thursday, the civic body organised a video-conference at the Bandra-Kurla Complex office of Mekorot-Israel's national water company-on the possibility of cloud seeding to induce artificial rain in the catchment areas of two of the six lakes that supply water to Mumbai. Also present at the conference were officials from the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorlogy (IITM) and the IMD. The BMC plans to rope in Mekorot for the project.\"The firm will provide aircraft, manpower and equipment for cloud seeding,\" said additional municipal commissioner Rajiv Jalota. \"But we have to wait for a report from the IMD, which is studying cloud cover with satellite imagery. The IMD will also tell us if their radar will be good enough for us to use in our cloud seeding experiment. It will let us know all this next week.\"Jalota said that after the video-conference, the modalities about the experiment were discussed with Mekorot, which is known for its expertise in cloud seeding. IITM has informed the civic body that Israel has extensively developed the technology and have been using it for over 50 years. Last year, the BMC signed a memorandum of understanding with Israel's water and energy department. In 2009, the BMC conducted 160 trials on cloud seeding, but failed.If the feasibility report turns out to be positive, the experiment will be conducted in the Bhatsa and Upper Vaitarna catchments. \"As for Modak Sagar and Tansa, they are very near the overflow mark,\" Jalota said.The experiment will involve airplanes sprinkling sodium chloride or silver iodide crystals on clouds to induce precipitation and subsequently rain. The base for the planes will be the Ozar airfield in Nasik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "15332769", "title": "Case registered against owner of abuse-tainted Karnal shelter home", "text": "KARNAL: Two days after three inmates of Apna Ghar, a Karnal-based shelter home, alleged that they were sexually abused and physically tortured a year back, police on Thursday registered a case against Monika Das, who runs the shelter home.However, the police have made a case of assault only and added sections 323 (assault) and 342 (wrongful confinement) of the IPC and Juvenile Justice Act.The FIR was registered after medical examination in Karnal government hospital of two of the three minor girls confirmed assault.Karnal chief medical officer Dr Shiv Kumar said that a team of doctors had conducted a general physical examination of two inmates of the shelter home and the findings confirmed that they were treated 'badly' at the shelter home.He said that they had already prepared a medico legal report (MLR) and submitted it to the authorities.SHO of civil lines police station Gurjinder Singh said that a case has been registered and investigations are on.Police officials said that case of sexual abuse would be made only after our inquiry into the allegations confirms so.The three minor girls on Tuesday had alleged that Manav Das, a top functionary of the NGO, used to take them along with them and would have sex with them.The girls had also alleged that he would even beat them and keep them at his house for days together.The three sisters along with their two brothers were left at the shelter home by their father Anirudh Pathak, a poor labourer from Bihar. The inmates were shifted from the shelter home last year when Anirudh had complained to the district administration that his daughters were being abused. However, no police case was registered at that time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15336378", "title": "Victim accuses cops of shielding 'rapists'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A tribal woman from Bargarh district on Thursday moved the Odisha Human Rights Commission (OHRC) accusing police of siding with men who allegedly gang raped her.The mother of four girls from Kanbar village within Barpali police limits said though she was raped by four men on December 3, 2011, police only registered a case of molestation against the culprits. Moreover, police slapped a false attempt-to-murder case on her and a relative of her to pressurize them because the accused were influential people, she alleged.Regarding the delay in approaching the OHRC, the woman said she could not muster courage until the District Adivasi Kalyan Sangh extended a helping hand. Police denied the woman's charges. \"Two cases were duly registered as per complaint of either parties after a dispute between them. The woman never told police that she was raped. That is why no rape case was registered,\" said Barpali inspector in-charge (IIC) Prashant Kumar Meher. The woman may have moved the OHRC because a case is also pending against her, the IIC added.The woman said her 11-yar-old daughter was dragged by her hair and locked in a separate room when she was raped. After she lodged a complaint the same day, police called her two days later to force a compromise. When she was not ready, police allegedly manipulated the complaint and struck rape. \"A policeman only wrote the complaint and I was asked to put my signature,\" she said.Police have registered the FIR against five accused under Sections 147, 452, 354, 506 and 149 of the IPC. Another case has been registered against the woman and her maternal uncle under 342, 294, 506, 307 and 34 of the IPC on the complaint of those accused in the first case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15332261", "title": "More proof of arsenic threat", "text": "KOLKATA: A team from the state Public Health Engineering (PHE) department on Thursday visited certain pockets on Prince Anwar Shah Road and Ghulam Mohammed Shah Road and confirmed presence of arsenic in ground water.The test proved that arsenic is present in higher levels than was declared by the West Bengal Pollution Control Board (WBPCB). The move comes four days after the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) water supply department sealed two tubewells in the area.Meanwhile, the KMC has convened a meeting on Wednesday on the future course of action in areas where traces of arsenic have been found. After the West Bengal Pollution Control Board, the state Public Health Engineering (PHE) department confirmed traces of arsenic in areas of Prince Anwar Shah Road and Ghulam Mohammed Shah Road in ground water. An instant test by a team of the state PHE officials on Thursday confirmed traces of arsenic at higher level than was declared by WBPCB. A separate test by the KMC health department also upheld the PCB report.A team of delegationcomprising the state PHE minister Subrata Mukherjee, the mayor-in-council member overseeing the KMC ground water supply, Tarak Singh, municipal commissioner Khalil Ahmed and senior officials of the KMC went to the spot and collected samples of tubewell water from two places. The experts used a UK-made tool which It took 12 minutes for the PHE experts toconfirmed presence of arsenic in ground water in just 12 minutes adjacent to Lake Gardens flyover at Ghulam Mohammed Shah Road near Golf Green and at Biswaspara on Anwar Shah Road. The KMC water supply department had sealed these two tubewells four days ago after the civic body found traces of arsenic beyond permissible limit. The PHE officials used a UK made tools for collecting water samples and testing those at the spot.State PHE minister Subrata Mukherjee said, the samples would be sent to the state government laboratory for further test.\"As invited by the civic body, I went to the arsenic affected areas along with my officials to conduct an instant test.Though the instant test has shown traces of arsenic, we have sent the samples to the PHE laboratory for further tests. We are awaiting the results.\"Mukherjee said on Thursday.Singh said that the test was conducted by the PHE was asked to conduct the test as they have department has the expertise to find traces of arsenic in ground water across the state. \"We needed their help to reach to a conclusion on the quality of ground water at some places,\" Singh said. Meanwhile, the KMC has convened a meeting on Wednesday on the future course of action in areas where traces of arsenic have been found.Sources in the KMC water supply department said that the MMiC has also ordered probe into the sinking of hand tubewells in areas where people drink ground water. \"We have found that the contractors had sunk tubewell at 250-275 feet depth at places which are known as arsenic-prone whereas the civic authorities had asked them to go deeper. This is a serious irregularity and we have to investigate the matter,\" said a KMC official looking after the tubewell department.Singh conceded that there could be some anomalies relating to sinking of hand tubewells in some southern fringe areas. \"We will look into all details to ensure that no anomalies exist in future,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "15336426", "title": "Man killed for 'practising' witchcraft, culprit surrenders", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Superstition and rumour claimed yet another life in Lohardaga district. A 65-year-old man, Bartu Bhagat, was axed to death near Bhokta Bageecha of Hirhi Turiya Toli under Town Police Station on Wednesday. District police have voiced concern at the rise in the number of people killed after being accused of practising witchcraft.Naro Pahan, the culprit later surrendered at the police station confessing his crime boldly and blamed Bhagat for practising witchcraft to kill three members of his family. \"In 1988 Bhagat killed my father Satan Pahan, in 1997 he killed my first wife Sarhuliya and in 2009 he killed my mother Sugain. He also targeted me and my children and hoped to kill us using his black magic. I requested him not to harm my family anymore when I met him on Wednesday near Hendlaso market, but he did not pay any heed to it. I was left with no other option but to kill him. I took an axe from a labourer working near the market and killed him,\" said Naro.SP Jitendra Kumar Singh said police were counselling villagers against killing innocent people out of mere suspicions. \"We are also taking the help of various NGOs to create awareness among the villagers. Illiteracy is the main reason behind these superstitions getting the better of moral values and good spirit of these villagers,\" he said.'It is a clear case of murder for allegedly practising witchcraft. The culprit has confessed his crime and narrated his story. The officer-in-charge of the Town PS has been asked to keep a watch on the villagers' activities,\" SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15333229", "title": "Soon, palm trees to dot Antarctica", "text": "Palm trees could grow in the Antarctic if climate change continues unabated, new research has shown - just as they did 55 million years ago.A study has found that similar trees grew in the region during the early Eocene epoch, when the area had a near-tropical climate with frost-free winters, even in the polar darkness. Global levels of the principal greenhouse gas, carbon dioxide, were nearly three times as high then as today.It has long been known that the start of the Eocene was a 'thermal maximum', one of the hottest periods in Earthis history, and Antarctica would have been ice-free and much warmer than at present. But the new findings, based on sediment cores taken from the Antarctic seabed have enabled the first-ever detailed reconstruction of its environment and thus its climate.This was previously impossible because any Eocene sediments remaining were destroyed by the subsequent glaciation or covered with ice. But pollen grains were washed, blown or transported by insects on to the shallow coastal shelf, where they were preserved in the mud for 50 million years.- The Independent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332673", "title": "HC suggests PIL on women's safety in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Thursday shared the concerns raised by theatre personality Alyque Padamsee and advocate Jamshed Mistry of the \"rise in lack of safety for women in the city\".Padamsee showed the bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar a TOI report on Wednesday of a woman being stabbed multiple times on a street by a man while no one dared intervene. The court suggested to Padamsee that he file a PIL to join in another petition that the HC had suo motu taken up earlier based on another news report.Mistry said the report was shocking and indicated the rot that seemed to be setting in society as eve-teasing and women finding themselves at the risk of losing life or limb has increased. Padamsee said he had naively thought that street violence, molestation and harassment to women was not part of the city he loves, but he finds that such violence as well as eve-teasing and sexual harassment has become \"endemic\" and also assumed \"epidemic proportions''.He pointed to the case of Keenan Santos and Reuben Fernandes who were killed after they defended their friends. He later said that he had spoken to Reuben's brother and would form a voluntary group, Izzat Ki Fauj, where men will pledge not to eve-tease and women will be taught self-defence techniques. He said he would file the PIL once the group is formed.Last year, the court had suggested that the state make molestation under section 354 of Indian Penal Code a non-bailable offence and the Justice Dharmadhikari committee had also recommended it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15336540", "title": "Freedom fighter cremated", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The mortal remains of the 105-year-old freedom fighter Uday Shankar Bhat were consigned to flames at the Subernarekha cremation on Thursday. The veteran nationalist was ailing for the last few days and breathed his last here on Wednesday night.P Balra, an officer in the district welfare department, represented the district administration at the funeral.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15337343", "title": "Woman panel chief should try to bring guilty to book rather than finding fault with victims", "text": "The state women's commission chief who went to Mangalore on a fact-finding mission into the home stay attack seems to be working overtime to find fault with victims rather than taking up their cause. If the chief's brief is to cloud the issue, she's doing a good job. But it would be better if she focused on helping the victims cope with the trauma and ensured the guilty are brought to book.Related story: Bangalore mob fury victim's mom is of 'dubious character', says women's panel chief", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15338529", "title": "School correspondent applies for bail in accidental case of schoolgirl", "text": "CHENNAI: A week after the tragic death of six-year-old schoolgirl Shruthi, who slipped through a hole on the floor of the school bus and crushed to death on July 25, the school correspondent and the motor vehicle inspector have approached the Madras high court for bail.The duo \u2014 school correspondent M Vijayan and vehicle inspector Rajasekaran -- were arrested a day after the incident, which sent shock waves throughout the state. Rajasekaran was suspended from service too.Justice MM Sundresh, before whom the petitions came up for hearing on Friday, has asked the government to submit its reply by Monday. In his petition, Vijayan said his school had 14,000 students and plied nearly 35 buses for their convenience. Noting that the school had never reported such an accident in the past, he said there was no willful negligence on his part.He said that he kept fairly good control and maintenance over the vehicles, and said the tragic incident resulting in the death of Shruthi was unforeseen event. The school has offered about Rs 1 lakh as compensation to the bereaved family, he said. The offence, if any, levelled against him does not require his custodial interrogation, he said, and wanted to be release on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "15333337", "title": "Mohanlal to the aid of aged moms", "text": "THRISSUR: Kodungallur will set an example by adopting 500 aged mothers, who are above 70 years of age, and providing medical, financial assistance for the selected members. The programme, named, 'Oru Kavil Kanji', will be launched in September. \"Actor Mohanlal will be our chief patron. The actor will participate in numerous campaigns urging children to look after their aged parents. He will also adopt an aged mother and bear her expenses,\" said MLA T N Prathapan. The MLA has formed a committee called Karuna to implement the programme. The total expense for this year amounts to Rs 35 lakh, said the MLA.Prathapan said elderly mothers will be selected by a committee after assessing factors like where they live, are they alone, do they have financial support etc. Selected mothers will get a financial aid of Rs 500 every month, he added.To communicate with the elderly and ascertain their needs, kids will be selected from each ward with five mahila pradhan members. Parents who are willing to support the programme can send their kids, said organizers. There are 146 wards in Kodungallur.As many children abandon their aged parents on roadsides or in orphanages, Kodungallur constituency shows the way in protecting elderly persons. The constituency adopts 500 aged mothers who were above 70 year old and provide them financial and medical service.The elderly mothers in the constituency are selected by a committee based on whether they are living alone, without the financial support from the part of their children and nobody is there to looking after them. Financial support of Rs 500 will be given to them every moth. The committee is constituted under the leadership of Kodungallur MLA T N Prathapan.\"To encourage people to look after their aged parents, actor Mohanlal functions as the chief patron of the committee for aged mothers. The programme named, 'Oru Kavil Kanji' is implemented by the committee, 'Karuna' and the programme costs Rs. 35 lakhs per year\", said T N Prathapan.The programme is launched in September. For providing service to the selected mothers, a grandchild selects from each house and five Mahila pradhan members are selected from each ward to take the elderly mothers to hospital. In Kodungallur there are 146 wards.Grandchildren and Mahila Pradhan members will visit the aged ones frequently and enquire about their needs and will take them to hospital if needed. Panchayat presidents will also be members of the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15333088", "title": "Rakhi celebrated at central jail", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik central prison witnessed an unusual hustle and bustle on Thursday. Relatives of inmates thronged to celebrate Rakshabandhan.The Central Jail on Jail Road, Nashik Road area, that houses over 2,200 inmates also saw a steady flow of social organizations for the celebrations. Among them were Govind Memorial Charitable Trust (Panchavati), Swayam Siddha Ekatmik Gramin Vikas Sanstha (Palse), Pragati Mahila Shaikshanik Samajik Sanstha (Nashik), Jain Social Group (Ganjmal), Vasant Social Foundation (Jagruti Nagar), Maharashtra Kamgaar Kalyan Mandal (Nehru Nagar), Nashik Social Service Society (Jail Road), secondary school students of Modern Education Society (Old Cidco) and IBIS Hotel (Satpur). Jail Superintendent Jayant Naik said that arrangements were made at the very entrance of the jail to facilitate relatives and members of the organizations for tying rakhis to the inmates.However, to a large extent, no sweets from outside were allowed for the inmates considering the security aspects and chances of medical emergencies arising. Naik said, that there was a bakery inside the jail and visitors were asked to purchase sweets from the jail itself.A large number of people who had their relatives inside had contacted the jail authorities well in advance so that they could meet the inmates to celebrate the festival. However, sources outside the jail said that even those who had dropped by all of a sudden were given an opportunity to meet their relatives only after completing all the formalities.The rush continued to increase and subsequently, rakhis were taken from relatives by authorities who assured that they would be delivered to the concerned inmates.Naik said that roughly 40 to 50 relatives had turned up on Thursday morning. The Nashik Social Service Society, which had organized a drawing competition for the inmates of the jail, also picked seven winners and presented them certificates, handed over by jail superintendent, Jayant Naik.Mayor Yatin Wagh also attended the Raksha Bandhan celebration inside the jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15333150", "title": "Rajasthan ATS to rush team to Pune for help in probe", "text": "JAIPUR: A team of Rajasthan Anti-Terrorist Squad (ATS) will soon be rushed to Pune to gather intelligence on the terror strike at Jangli Maharaj Road there on Wednesday. ATS sources said that there are striking similarities between the Jaipur serial blasts and Pune blasts including use of new bicycles and locally-made timer watches. Sources said that as the name of Indian Mujahideen has come up as the possible terror organization behind the blasts, Rajasthan ATS is sharing information with their Pune counterparts.When contacted, additional director general of police, ATS, Alok Tripathi told TOI, \"A team is being rushed to Pune. Information is being gathered on the similarities between the two blasts. We are in touch with officials there.\"Sources said that new bicycles were used in Jaipur serial blasts. \"These bicycles were bought from some shops in the Walled City. These bicycle shop owners are now prosecution witnesses in the ongoing trial against the terror suspects,\" said an ATS officer.The officer said that four of the terror suspects, Shahdab, Khalid, Arif and Shajid Bhai, who were involved in Jaipur serial blasts are still at large. \"There could be some connection and we would probe it,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15333267", "title": "Four witnesses cross-examined in Jain siblings murder case", "text": "COIMBATORE: Four witnesses, who have been recalled by the defence counsel in the Jain sibling's murder case, were cross examined on Thursday.Lawyer A Sharmila, a new counsel for the accused Manoharan had appeared before the Mahila court and sought a fresh examination of nine witnesses who were already cross examined. The court had granted her permission.On Thursday, the case came up for hearing before the Mahila court judge MP Subramaniam. The city police produced four witnesses before the court. Anbu, a call taxi driver had given his call taxi to his friend and accused Mohana Krishnan who used the vehicle to kidnap the siblings. He was cross examined by defence lawyer Sharmila.Senthil Kumar, a tenant of Mohana Krishnan from Angalakuruchi Village near Pollachi told the court that he saw Manoharan along with Mohana Krishnan on the day of the murder along with the two children in the car.Saravana Kumar, a bakery owner from Angalakurichi village told the court that Mohana bought milk from his shop which was later used to poison the siblings with cow dung powder. Mani, a brick kiln owner at Angalakurichi said that he had seen the two accused with the siblings. The case has been adjourned till August 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15336676", "title": "New Shiva Linga at Baidyanathdham next year", "text": "RANCHI: Shravani Mela at the Baidyanathdham temple will be different from next year as the temple authority (Baidyanathdham Temple Management Board) is planning to install a new Shiva Linga, which will be connected to the original Jyotirlinga. Water offered at this Shiva Linga will go directly to the original one.\"Henceforth, devotees will not be needed to go inside the sanctum sanctorum to offer water,\" said the BDTMB chief executive officer and deputy commissioner of Deoghar district, Rahul Purwar.The decision to have a second Shiva Linga was taken to cope with the rush at the shrine . The final decision will be taken after consulting the Panda Dharma Rakchhini Sabha (PDRS), the chief body of pandas at the temple. Many devotees fail to go inside the sanctum sanctorum because of the rush and are forced to make their offerings outside the temple.A footbridge is also needed between Khijuria village and Shiv Ganga, said Purwar. The district administration will put up the matter before the government, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "15336643", "title": "BSF nabs Bangladeshi miscreant", "text": "SHILLONG: BSF jawans deployed on Betgora border in East Khasi hills district of Meghalaya apprehended a Bangladeshi miscreant, identified as Farque Miya (30) of Bangapara village in Sunamganj district of the neighbouring country, while he was trying to cross over to India.\"During search, a mobile was seized from his possession. Farque is learnt to have been involved in theft on the Indian side,\" a spokesperson at the Meghalaya Frontier Headquarters of BSF here said.BSF troops, deployed along the Indo-Bangla border in the Jaintia Hills, also seized 6 kg hemp, a boat, liquor, wooden logs and other contraband, estimated at Rs 4,67,000 over the last week, the spokesperson said.Abdul Kasim (32) of Sonatala village in Bangladesh's Sylhet district was also nabbed by BSF while he was trying to cross the border. \"After frisking, BSF jawans seized a mobile phone, along with Bangladeshi sims,\" a BSF officer. Earlier, BSF troops deployed at Dangar, East Khasi Hills, apprehended Mohammed Noor Alam (18) of Jalipur village, Sunamgunj district, Bangladesh, while he too was trying to infiltrate into India from Bangladesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "united nations", "code": "15337338", "title": "Indian project declared winner of Environment Day challenge", "text": "UNITED NATIONS: A Chennai-based development organisation is among the five winners of this year's World Environment Day Challenge organised by the UN for inspiring environmental action.The UN Environment Programme (UNEP) had challenged people across the world to pledge an environmental activity in connection with this year's World Environment Day, which was observed on June 5.\"Today we celebrate five inspiring projects, submitted for the World Environment Day 2012 challenge, that illuminate the pathway to a transition to a green economy,\" UNEP?s Executive Director Achim Steiner said.Among the winners is a Chennai-based development organisation 'Hand in Hand India.It brought together over 500 volunteers to create a colourful 10,000 square foot rangoli carpet depicting 10 environmental themes.Other projects that won include Fundacion Ecoprogreso, a group in Colombia that works to protect a mangrove lagoon surrounding the city of Cartagena.Maji Mazuri Centre International, located in Nairobi, runs an initiative called Green Heroes, in which youth focus on organising and improving waste management in the Kenyan capital's informal Mathare settlement.Among its events for World Environment Day were a communal clean-up day and a football match that galvanised over 2,000 people.Asutralia's Sunshine Coast Environment Council is also among the winner of this year?s challenge.A Bangladeshi non-profit organization, Shidhulai Swanirvar Sangstha, which celebrated the day through a solar-powered boat rally, a drawing competition on floating schools and an exhibition on a two-tier boat also declared winner of the competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15334280", "title": "NKP Salve\u2019s daughter funded Adarsh flat", "text": "MUMBAI: Former Congress stalwart the late NKP Salve's daughter Arundhati Upadhyaya advanced Rs 50.65 lakh to Uttam Gakhare for purchasing a flat in the controversial Adarsh society. Gakhare, who got a flat allotted in 2003-04, is a Nagpur-based civil contractor, while Upadhyaya is the director of Centre Point group of schools.Upadhyaya confirmed that she had given Gakhare an interest-free loan but said she does not remember the amount that was advanced to him. \"I help a lot of people, because I can afford it. Be it for education or buying a house, I have helped many,\" she said.\"I loaned him an amount which he would have been fully able to repay, the records of it are with CBI,\" said Upadhyaya. \"I already have a house in Mumbai, so why should I buy another,\" she added.Gakhare said he had taken a loan of Rs 39 lakh from Upadhyaya but CBI has recorded that he took Rs 50.65 lakh. \"At that time it seemed like a good investment, but today I regret the decision to buy the flat,\" said Gakhare.\"I have been doing construction jobs at schools run by Upadhyaya since several years and it is in their house that I learnt about the Adarsh scheme,\" said Gakhare.Upadhyaya admitted that she had given him the details. \"I got to know about the flat through Kanhaiyalal Gidwani (MLC and one of the accused in the Adarsh scam) who is a close friend. He told me about the housing society coming up in Mumbai. Gakhare was looking to invest and I passed on the information to him,\" she said. Gidwani, according to Upadhyaya, was a close friend of Salve.Upadhyaya, who is a successful educationist, claims she never found anything suspicious about the cheap rate at which the Adarsh flat was available though it was situated in tony Colaba area. \"Rs 50 lakh for a 650 sq ft flat in the locality in 2004 was very much close to the market rates of that time,\" she said. Upadhyaya said the money lent to Gakhare came through \"legitimate means of running the Mother's Pet Kindergarten school\". \"This is on record with the CBI,\" she said.\"Uttam is like my child. I'm feeling guilty now for having recommended the Adarsh flat,\" she added.The Nagpur connectionArundhati Upadhyaya, daughter of former I&B; minister and Congress leader, the late N K P Salve, is a director of Nagpur-based Centre Point group of schools. She had given Rs 50.65 lakh as loan to Uttam Gakhare, a civil contractor, for purchasing a flat in the controversial Adarsh society. Gakhare claims he knew Upadhyaya as he did construction work for the schools run by her. Upadhyaya admitted that she passed on the information to Gakhare about flats being available after she got to know about it from Kanhaiyalal Gidwani. Upadhyaya said she did not charge any interest and had given money earned through \"legitimate\" means.Before the panelThe Adarsh commission has issued witness summons to San Finance Corporation partner Abhay Sancheti, builders Umesh Shinde and Jayant Shah and ICICI Bank, Nagpur branch over the loans extended to persons to buy flats in the Adarsh society. While Abhay has already filed the affidavit, Shah and ICICI Bank have to file the affidavits by August 4 and Shinde by August 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "15336673", "title": "Top LeT commander killed in encounter in J&K;", "text": "SRINAGAR: A top Lashkar-e-Taiba militant commander was on Friday killed in an encounter with security forces in a village in Kupwara district of north Kashmir.\"Abu Hanzullah has been killed in the operation launched in Rajwar belt of Handwara,\" inspector general of police S M Sahai said.Official sources said Hanzullah was one of the top ranking commanders active in Kashmir and involved in several attacks on civilians and security forces in north Kashmir.Troops of 21 Rashtriya Rifles and Police launched an operation in Rajwar area on Thursday evening following information about Hanzullah's presence there, the sources said.They said the militant opened fired as he was trapped inside a house. The security forces retaliated, triggering off a gunbattle.The operation was halted during the night but a tight cordon was maintained around the house to prevent the militant from escaping, the sources said, adding he was eliminated in fresh exchange of fire on Friday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15338877", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation gets tips on crowd management from London Olympics", "text": "PUNE: The efficient crowd management during London Olympics has some lessons for the Pune Municipal Corporation and the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited, the city bus commuters groups have said.The bus commuters groups have pointed out that during the ongoing Olympics event, the city of London has taken a number of steps to clear the rush of people. The authorities there have appealed citizens to avoid peak-time travel if possible. Also off peak travel tickets are cheaper. Saturday and Sunday are considered as off peak time,since its office holidays'', the PMP Pravasi Manch said in a statement.The manch, along with various other bus commuters said that the efforts for effective crowd management were being implemented for several months to ensure that no inconvenience is caused to Olympic tourists and also the citizens. The authorities in London have provided more exit points to divide the crowd at stations and bus terminals. There are passenger information boards, and signages to avoid any confusion. The mayor of London has appealed citizens not to use their cars during Olympics, the commuters said.The manch said that similar efforts should be made in the city to provide maximum facilities to bus and railway commuters to avoid traffic congestion. PMPML, the only bus transport in the city, should reduce passenger fares by half during off-peak time. This, the commuters said will provide some relief in peak hours and better utilization of the fleet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15332514", "title": "Teacher stabbed over loan dispute", "text": "HYDERABAD: A teacher was stabbed by his friend after they both entered into a heated argument in connection with a financial dispute at Jubilee Bus stand on Thursday.Maredpally police said that Venkat Reddy, a teacher hailing from Karimnagar district, is reported to have given Rs 13 lakh as loan to his friend Surender Rao in 2010.\"Surender Rao has already returned Rs 6 lakh to Venkat Reddy. Surender asked Venkat Reddy to come to JBS along with the agreement document to settle the financial issue. Surender Rao offered to pay only Rs 4 lakh of the remaining balance and demanded that the debt be deemed as settled,'' Maredpally sub-inspector U Kashappa said.Subsequently, both entered into a heated argument and Surender Rao who brought a sharp-edged weapon along with him, stabbed Venkat Reddy.\"Venkat Reddy suffered three stab injuries and he is undergoing treatment at a private hospital and his condition is stable,'' police said. Meanwhile, Surender Rao fled without handing over the cash to his friend. The promissory note remained with Venkat Reddy. Police registered an attempt to murder case against Surender Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15333772", "title": "NER officials discuss safety issues of trains", "text": "LUCKNOW: Railway officers held a meeting to discuss various issues pertaining to safe operation of trains on Thursday. The meeting was presided over by VK Yadav, DRM, Lucknow division, north eastern railway (NER). He directed the officers to be extra cautious about the safe operation of trains. He also said that all efforts should be made to ensure safety of people at level crossings.Appointed: NK Agrawal has been appointed the managing director, Shram Nirman Sahkari Sangh, by Shivpal Yadav, co-operatives minister. SC Dwivedi has been made the managing director, UP co-operative bank.AGM postponed: The annual general body meeting of Sree Ayyappa Sewa Samithi (Regd), which was to be held on Sunday, August 5, 2012 at Lord Ayyappa temple premises has been postponed due to unavoidable circumstances. The new date and venue will be informed later to the members, said the secretary, Ganapathi. On August 10, devotees would throng the temple to celebrate Janmashtami.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15332797", "title": "Convict, friend killed to avenge woman's murder", "text": "BANGALORE: Blood for blood and that too at the same spot. That seemed to be the motive that drove the murder of Nagabhushan, 28, whose charred body was found at Brahmadevaragudda, off NICE Road, in Tavarekere police limits on Thursday.Only three years ago, Nagabhushan had allegedly stabbed Kavyashree, 28, a resident of Kamakshipalya, and burnt her body at the same spot because she spurned him.A few feet away from Nagabhushan's body was the stabbed and half-burnt body of his friend, Nagaraj, 26. Cattlegrazers spotted the two.Residents of Vijaynagar, the duo was apparently attacked with lethal weapons on Wednesday night before being set on fire.Nagabhushan had been sentenced for killing Kavyashree. He had come home on parole only on Monday. On Wednesday evening he left home to go to a shop and did not return.Though the murders appear to have been committed to avenge Nagarshree's murder, police are yet to zero in on the perpetrators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15332476", "title": "Gandhian stroke: Anna says won\u2019t join party", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government's continued silence and deteriorating health of fasting members have prompted Team Anna to end its fast at 5pm on Friday evening.The decision came on Thursday afternoon after a steady build-up throughout the day at Jantar Mantar, starting with an appeal made by 23 notable citizens to end the fast and consider a political alternative. Retired navy chief Admiral R Tahiliani read out a letter in English and actor Anupam Kher in Hindi, asking Team Anna not to expect anything from the establishment. It had stonewalled the demands and had no political will to bring the guilty to book, they said.\"Instead, we call upon you to focus your energy on creating an alternative political force that is democratic, accountable, ethical and non-violent,\" stated the letter, signed by retired chief of army staff V K Singh, former chief election commissioner J M Lyngdoh, former Supreme Court judge Santosh Hegde, retired secretary, government of India, E A S Sarma and others.The appeal was made soon after girls tied rakhis on the hands of the members. Joining them on the dais were actors Kher, Archana Puran Singh, Parmeet Sethi and Ranvir Shorey. Shocked at the Centre's apathy, Kher said he had come to put sense into the government. \"Such arrogance that there is not even a word of sympathy. When neighbours get unwell, we ask them their well-being. These people are in power and they have remained silent!\"Throughout the day, Team Anna members asked citizens to send their views on the two appeals. Around 3.30pm, when Anna came to the dais, anxious supporters swarmed to the LCD screen. A frail Anna, also on fast, thanked the people for supporting the fast and said the time had come for 'vikalp' (an option). \"It's clear now that the government has no will to bring Lokpal. So now we have to look at the other option we have. But that option will succeed only on the basis of what kind of a leader we choose. It has to be a person who really loves the country and has the will to serve,\" said Anna.He spoke about the rights of communities and the importance of gram sabhas. \"Soil, water and air of a village belongs to the villagers. The gram sabha's permission is the most important. The Vidhan Sabha should also hold a strong place.\" But Anna maintained that instead of actively joining the party, he will push for a just candidate from outside.The decision met with mixed responses from the 5000-plus crowd. Some cheered, while some were a little sceptical. Arvind Kejriwal , fasting since July 25, called on people to send their views on setting up the party. There's a complex process ahead to ensure that the person nominated for the party also doesn't become corrupt and misuse power, he said.R K Gandhi, a retired electronics engineer who came on the insistence of his children living abroad, felt that going political is the logical conclusion. \"Even Indians living abroad feel it is time for Anna to move to a hardcore political movement. I am sure that he will get good public support.\"Partho Chakraborty, a retired bank officer who has been attending Anna's protest since last year with wife Shanti, had specifications ready for Anna's party. \"It has to be a good combination of young, enthusiastic activists and some senior people. Building a political party will keep the pressure on the ruling government.\"However, not everybody is happy. Ramesh Kumar of Indirapuram said, \"I have always believed that Anna's political non-alignment has been their strength. To correct the system, it was important not to lose oneself in it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15332560", "title": "Punjab plans its very own Las Vegas", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Forget about canting off to Macau or Las Vegas strip to roll a dice and revel in a tantalising gambling carousal.Get ready to spin a ball on a little wheel popularly called roulette, see it running around and cheerfully call a bet to the croupier, as you quaff colas and gorge peanuts -- all on the banks of the Satluj river in the rural hinterland of Punjab.Punjab deputy CM Sukhbir Badal, known for his flamboyance and CEO style of functioning, has ordered the state's infrastructure development agency Punjab Infrastructure Development Board (PIDB) to set up a Las Vegas strip-like casino at Mattewara village near Ludhiana.A three-member team comprising a PIDB official and two members from an empanelled private agency Infrastructure Leasing &amp; Financial Services Limited (IL&FS;) was sent on a four-day visit to Goa last week to study and explore the possibility of installing slot machines and casinos in Punjab, set to become third state in the country after Sikkim and Goa to have casinos.According to the state visit report, a copy of which is with TOI, the team -- which returned on Thursday -- held meetings with Goa chief secretary P K Shrivastav and special secretary Mohan Lal and had a first hand experience of slot machines in casinos in Panjim.The casinos planned in Mattewara will have around 30-50 slot machines, video pokers and card games like baccarat, blackjack, pontoon and sicbo and will be open 24 hours.\"These casinos which we are planning are a part of our recreational amusement zone project near Ludhiana. The purpose is to increase the tourist footfall in the state. Our team has just returned from Goa after studying casinos. We're going to seek more advice and help on legal, technical and operational details from Sikkim and Goa governments,\" PIDB managing director Anurag Aggarwal told TOI.The Punjab government is likely to discuss the Public Gambling Act, 1867 in its next Assembly session.The casinos will be built both inside hotels or stand alone on a PPP model near the river.The initial report has suggested borrowing legal framework from Goa where an annual licence fee of Rs 5 crore is paid by the hotel housing the casinos and an entry fee between Rs 500-Rs 1,000 is charged to every visitor.Like the exisiting Punjab lotteries system, the casinos are also likely to generate revenue of around Rs 100 crore annunally.However, Punjab finance minister Parminder Dhindsa debunked the analogy between lotteries and casinos, saying the latter is only for recreational purpose.\"The process is in the initial stages. Casinos will certainly be a big revenue generator. The purpose is not create forced taxation here. We only want to encourage local tourism because when you see the locals from here going to Nepal or Hong Kong , they spend huge money to enjoy these games. Times have changed.But we agree, there might be some criticism as well,\" said Dhindsa.Out of 1,400 acres of proposed landscaped area surrounded by thick forests and water bodies, Mattewara village is already set to have a horse racing turf on a 140-acre land, golf course on a 200-acre land and an amusement park.Three multi-national companies including -- Populace , S Powers and JAA Consultants -- have already made bids for offering consultancy services for the horse racing tracks.US-based game park company Six Flags is likely to construct the amusement part.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15333418", "title": "FIR registered with Deccan Gymkhana police station", "text": "PUNE: A day after four low-intensity explosions rattled Pune on Wednesday night, the Deccan Gymkhana police on Thursday registered a first information report (FIR) in the case against unidentified persons.The police have booked the suspects under sections 3, 4 and 5 of the Explosives Act; sections 307 (attempt to murder), 120 (B) (punishment of criminal conspiracy) and 427 (mischief causing damage to the amount of fifty rupees) of the Indian Penal Code as well as sections 16 and 17 of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act.On Wednesday, between 7.30 pm and 8.15 pm, four low intensity blasts took place in the area from the outer gate of the Balgandharva Rangmandir to the Foot Selection shop near Garware bridge on the Jangli Maharaj road. The Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad defused two bombs between 8.15 pm and 11.30 pm.Meanwhile, the case has been transferred to the crime branch for investigations. Assistant commissioner of police (crime) Vinod Satav is investigating the case.Joint commissioner of police Sanjeev Kumar Singhal said the crime register number of the case is 168/2012. The Pune crime branch and the state anti-terrorism squad are coordinating with the central agencies to investigate the case. \"We have fanned out several teams and deployed our best officers on the case,\" he said.Singhal said that no one has been detained regarding the case. Asked about the suspected terror angle in the blasts, he said, \"It is not possible to come to any conclusion at present. We are investigating the case from all angles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kendrapara", "code": "15336399", "title": "Jajpur district bags JRD Tata award for health schemes", "text": "KENDRAPARA: Odisha's Jajpur district was conferred with the 5th JRD Tata Memorial Award, 2011, for its successful implementation of various population, reproductive health and family-planning programmes. Jajpur district collector Anil Kumar Samal received the award on behalf of the district from Nobel laureate Amartya Sen at the JRD Tata Memorial Award and Oration Function in New Delhi on Tuesday.Six districts across the country were selected on the basis of 13 indicators, for which data were compiled and reanalysed from two successive rounds of district-level household surveys (2002-04 and 2007-08) and census 2001 and 2011. \"Our district received the 5th JRD Tata Memorial Award for outstanding performance in improving health of our people in recent years,\" Samal said.The districts being awarded are Varanasi from Uttar Pradesh, Jajpur from Odisha and Thoubal from Manipur, which are among high-focus states in the large, medium and small population categories respectively. The other districts awarded are Ahmadnagar in Maharashtra, Firozpur in Punjab and North Goa in Goa from the non high-focus states in the large, medium and small population categories, respectively.The award, instituted by the Population Foundation of India (PFI) in memory of founding chairman JRD Tata, recognizes the progress made by states and districts on population and reproductive health programmes. The award constitutes a trophy and prize money of Rs 2 lakh. PFI had set up a high-level technical committee constituting medical and social scientists, chaired by Prof P M Kulkarni of Jawaharlal Nehru University, to select the winners. The committee identified a set of 13 indicators on reproductive health, gender equity, family planning and housing amenities to measure the progress of the districts in the country.The award recognizes 'change' factor, signifying pace of progress achieved over a period of time. These districts and states stand out despite the relatively slow improvement of reproductive and child health in the country as a whole, demonstrating that, given the leadership and will, such successes can be repeated in other regions.The indicators on which the performance of the districts has been judged are - access to improved sources of drinking water; households with toilet facility; women in the 20-24 year age group who were married before 18 years; women with birth order three and above; current users of spacing methods of family planning; unmet need for contraception; full antenatal care; safe delivery; postnatal care within 48 hours after delivery; full immunization of children (12 - 23 months); female literacy rate; ratio of females to males with primary education and child sex ratio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "15332667", "title": "16 Maharshi Dayanand University-affiliated BEd colleges only on paper", "text": "ROHTAK: In a shocking revelation, around 16 colleges affiliated to Maharshi Dayanand University, Rohtak, running bachelors and masters degree courses in education (BEd and MEd) have been found without any staff \u2014 teaching or administrative \u2014 and without any building.According to university sources, during a surprise inspection, the university team could not trace the location of these colleges.In fact, the university found that almost 57% of the BEd colleges are not fit to run the course and need to be disaffiliated due to poor faculty and infrastructure facilities.About 298 BEd colleges are affiliated with MDU of which 173 have highly inadequate staff and infrastructure. Moreover, of these 173 colleges, 101 were found extremely poor in terms of basic requirement of staff and building.The surprise inspection has brought out these facts which exposed the declining standards of education in Haryana. These colleges produce educators and trained teachers who are supposed to be pillars of primary and secondary education. But the state of affairs at these BEd colleges itself revealed the basic flaw in the present education system, sources said.The varsity gives marks to each BEd college on a scale of 100 for having teaching and non-teaching staff (50%), building (25%) and laboratory/library (25%). The colleges must get 50% marks to run the courses and those below this mark would be put in C category and could face disaffiliation.Varsity authorities were shocked to find that the 173 colleges were bracketed in C category as per the set criteria. The varsity then decided to zero in on worst colleges and prepared a list of 101 colleges, which get below 25% marks as per the criteria.Vice-chancellor R P Hooda said that the varsity was in the process of serving show cause notices to all the 173 colleges which fall in C category. \" These colleges would be given 21 days' time to fulfill the requisite norms regarding staff and infrastructure and submit a compliance report to the varsity. After this, we would start the process of disaffiliating the undeserving colleges\".The 298 colleges, spread over nine districts, are affiliated to MDU and have 35,000 seats of BEd. University sources said it was shocking that majority of colleges were allowed to run courses without adequate teaching staff and infrastructure. \" In fact, with privatization of education, a number of small time politicians, contractors and all kinds of people with little concern for education set up colleges for purely commercial purposes. These people have the sole motive of earning money and also have links with higher-ups, which protect them even if they flout norms,\" they said.The six colleges owned by Rohtak-based Joginder Dalal, who was facing criminal charges for ordering girl students wearing saris to perform \"sheersasan yoga\" were also in the C category, they said.The varsity has initiated proceedings to disaffiliate all his colleges after he was found guilty of extorting money from students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15334728", "title": "Academic urges guv to act against packing VC panel with \u2018all &amp; sundry\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: Senior academic and member of the State Planning Commission (education ) E Balaguruswamy has written to governor K Rosaiah expressing apprehensions over the nomination of \"all kinds of persons\" to search committees that recommend vice-chancellors for universities in the state.\"There areinstanceswhere mediocre peopleof doubtful character and integrity and with dubious intentions or vested interests are nominated to the search committees,\" Balaguruswamy's letter said. \"How can we expect such search committees to identify and recommend suitable academiciansfor appointmentof vice-chancellors ?\"Balaguruswamy said that the state does not have any guidelines or stipulate qualifications for a person to be nominated as a member of a vice-chancellor search committee. \"As a consequence, all kinds of people are nominated to search committees,\" the letter said, adding that extraneous considerations often take precedence over quality in the process. Balaguruswamy, who was convenor of the Thiruvalluvar University vice-chancellor search committee, attached to the letter a set of guidelines for appointment of chairman and members of vice-chancellor search committees. The Thiruvalluvar University vice-chancellor search committee, under his guidance, had drawn up the guidelines to set benchmarks for the selection of vicechancellors.\"It is only right that a person nominated as a member of thesearchcommitteeshould possess atleast minimum qualifications, experience and competence required of a vice-chancellor,\" said Balaguruswamy, who is also a former vice-chancellor of Anna University.He suggested that the chairman or convenor of a search committee should be a person of impeccableintegrity and character and should have served as vice-chancellor of a stateor Central university. Members should be retired persons with a minimum of 10 years of experience as professor in a state or Central university. The member should not be associated with any of the functions of the university or be from affiliated colleges. He said some members of vice-chancellor search committeesdo not meetthese requirements.Balaguruswamy has suggested that the governor, who is the chancellor of all state universities,issue a notification to ensure that there is uniformity in the selection procedure for the search committees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15333888", "title": "Burglars decamp with Rs 1.46 lakh worth valuables", "text": "NAGPUR: Burglars struck at Atrey layout in Rana Pratap Nagar in the wee hours of Thursday. The Wakde family was fast asleep when the burglars sneaked into their residence by bending the grills of the drawing room window. They decamped with valuables worth Rs 1.46 lakhs which included Rs 1.10 lakh in cash.Wakdes came to know about the burglary after one of them woke up at 2am. The family then alerted Rana Pratap Nagar police immediately. Apart from senior officials, finger print experts too rushed to the residence to conduct investigation. Police has registered an offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15333473", "title": "Ten checkpoints set up in Pimpri-Chinchwad areas", "text": "PUNE: The city police on Thursday set up checkpoints at 10 important locations in Pimpri-Chinchwad, especially on roads leading outside civic limits.Shahji Umap, deputy commissioner of police (Zone III), said, \"We have started 'nakabandi' at 10 places. Vehicles leaving the city are being checked, while security checks are also being carried out at multiplexes, shopping malls, hotels and lodges. Authorities at vital installations have been told to beef up security.\"The locations where the checkpoints have been set up are Moshi octroi post on Nashik road, Pune-Mumbai highway (Nigdi), Alandi Road (Bhosari), Pimple Gurav Road (Dapodi), Katepuram chowk (Sangvi), Sadanand hotel (Balewadi), Wakad chowk, Bhumkarvasti (Wakad), Dalvinagar (Chinchwad) and Kalewadi bridge (Pimpri).Umap said, \"People with criminal background were being questioned. A platoon of the State reserve police force and a team of the Riot control police have been called in to beef up security.\" Umap has appealed to citizens not to panic on seeing suspicious objects and inform the police immediately.\" The police were also keeping a watch on cyber cafes and retailers of SIM cards. House owners have been told to give information about their tenants to the police stations concerned, he added.Pimpri-Chinchwad municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi said, \"At a joint meeting held with the traffic department recently, the traffic police had suggested that CCTV cameras should be installed at busy chowks. The traffic police will now conduct a survey to identify the locations for this.\" The proposal will be tabled before the civic general body for its approval, he added.Additional municipal commissioner Prakash Kadam said, \"Security personnel at vital institutions like Yashwantrao Chavan memorial hospital and water treatment plants have been told to be on alert.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15336306", "title": "Navdeep in charity mode", "text": "Actor Navdeep is also making his presence felt in the field of charity too. The actor has helped a 10 year old kid who was in need of financial assistance after undergoing nuero surgery for spine tumour.Revealing the incident, Navdeep tweeted, \"Me and help in time 'hita' association donated 30 thousand rs this mornin to a kid who underwent a nuero surgery for spine tumour today! The reason im posting it here is to reach out to anybody whos willing to extend their financial support to the cause.. its good karma :)\"Navdeep is currently working on three films - Poga, Bangaru Kodi Petta and Maithri", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "15336581", "title": "Villagers block road to protest against girl's death in Garhwa", "text": "Garhwa: Death of a minor girl in a road accident led to tension in Garhwa on Thursday morning. Pratima Kumari (12), daughter of Babulal Singh of Sijo village was crushed to death by a commander jeep near Anraj Nawadih, 10 km from district headquarters.Enraged villagers blocked Garhwa-Ambikapur road at Anraj Nawadih with the body of the deceased for 5 hours, stranding traffic on either side. The blockade was lifted only after Garhwa circle officer PK Jha and Garhwa police station officer in-charge Lileshwar Mahto assured to look into the matter.According to sources Pratima was was on her way to Anraj Nawadih with her sister in-law to tie Rakhi on her brother's wrist. Her brother Santosh Kumar Singh is studying in Jawahar Navoday Vidyalaya (JNV). When she was about to cross the road after getting down from the bus, she was run over by a commander jeep and died on the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15332436", "title": "Finally, Koneru gets bail in Emaar scam case", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice Samudrala Govindarajulu of high court on Thursday granted bail to Koneru Rajendra Prasad who is an accused in the Emaar scam case.Koneru had been arrested by Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on November 3 last year for his alleged role in the scam that resulted in a huge loss to the state exchequer.Having thrice failed in the past to secure bail, Koneru's fresh plea for the same, filed on July 27, had come up for hearing on Thursday.On Thursday, the judge could not get a satisfactory reply from the CBI counsel as to when it plans to close its ongoing investigation into the scam.Thus, the judge held that since the probe agency had already collected a lot of evidence against the accused, the future conduct of the probe vis-a-vis the tracing of scam money and its end-users would not have any impact on the evidence in the investigative agency's possession.The judge noted that several of the accused in the case were already out on bail. The trial court, too, has kept on hold the non-bailable warrant issued against Shravan Gupta, MD of Emaar-MGF, which is an accused entity in the case and asked him to surrender in court on August 23.Hence, saying that the continuing detention of Koneru in judicial custody may not be required, the judge granted bail on a personal bond of Rs 5 lakh and two sureties which are to be furnished before the trial court.As the order could not be made ready by Thursday evening, Koneru has to wait till Friday for release.In a separate case, justice Govindarajulu dismissed the bail plea of VD Rajagopal, the former director of the state's mining wing who is an accused in the Obulapuram Mining Company illegal mining case.In another development, former excise minister Mopidevi Venkataramana, who is in custody in connection with the Jaganmohan Reddy illegal assets case for his role in the controversial Vanpic project, filed a bail petition in CBI court on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15333867", "title": "NCP leaders gherao Mayo Hospital dean for better facilities", "text": "NAGPUR: Members of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) gheraoed the dean of Mayo Hospital on Thursday to discuss about several issues that bog the institute. Some of the persistent problems that have been ailing the hospital, also known as Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital (IGGMCH) were discussed between the NCP activists and dean Dr Prakash Wakode. Issues like insufficient stock of medicines, doctors arriving late in the OPD and lack of cleanliness in the hospital, etc were discussed between the parties.Before talking to the dean, the NCP leaders took rounds of the hospital and spoke to many of the hospital staffers as well. Issues like illegal activities inside the hospital premises, bribery allegations on a cashier, facilities given to the senior citizens and the disabled were also discussed.\"There is no scarcity of medicines in other big hospitals of the state. Why is it only the hospitals from Vidarbha that face this difficulty? Despite the fact the best doctors of the city are rendering their services to the hospital, the patients are never happy with the services. Many times, it is seen that the senior doctors leave patients on the resident's responsibility and tend to their private clinics,\" said Ajay Patil, city president of the party. He said that Dr Wakode had assured that he will look into the matters that are in his control.The party leaders also spoke to Directorate of Medical Education and Research director Dr Pravin Shingare, who also said that the issues will be sorted out soon. Patil said that later this month, the party will organize a discussion on the issue between NMC corporators, deans of both the medical colleges in the city, state minister Anil Deshmukh and medical education minister VIjaykumar Gavit to bring better medical facilities for poor citizens in the public hospitals.Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15333518", "title": "Pune Police look for blasts' clues in CCTV footage", "text": "PUNE: Police officers from the Anti-Terrorism Squad and the Pune crime branch on Thursday collected digital video recorders (DVRs) of closed circuit television cameras from two business establishments on Jangli Maharaj Road. In the absence of any major evidence, the police are still looking for clues to crack Wednesday night's serial blasts, which left one person injured.The owner of Shoe Paradise, located next to McDonald's, Altaf Khan, said, a police team came to his shop on Thursday and asked for their camera's DVR.\"One CCTV camera is placed outside the store, which captures the view of the entrance, while the blast occurred outside the camera's view. They wanted to check the footage for the movements before and during the blast. They said that the DVR will be returned in a couple of days,\" said Khan.An employee working at an eatery in a mall near Garware bridge, requesting anonymity, said, \"Some police officials from the ATS and the crime branch came to the restaurant on Thursday morning. They asked for the DVRs of the two cameras installed outside the mall. Before taking away the devices, they checked some footage at our control room. They said they would return the DVRs soon.\"The worker said, of the two cameras, one is installed on the ground floor and other on the first floor. \"The one on the ground floor captures pictures of vehicles going in and out of the mall's premises, while the one on the first floor, captures views inside the mall. Since the mall has a glass exterior, the footage could also reflect the outside view of the road, which the officials thought was useful for their investigation,\" he said.Barring the intelligent traffic system cameras installed at Balgandharva chowk, the entire 1.5-km JM Road has no working CCTV camera at any strategic point. An official from the Pune Municipal Corporation said, \"There are no CCTV cameras on JM Road.The cameras installed at Rani Jhansi chowk to monitor traffic violations, and the one outside Dena Bank are PTZ or pan-tilt-zoom cameras, which are not working as their hard-disks are full and are facing connectivity problems. Moreover, even if they were working, it is difficult to rely on these cameras for investigations as they are PTZ cameras tend to capture or zoom on a single spot at times, where the crime may or may not have occurred.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15332262", "title": "States to Centre: Make driving licence must for buying bikes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Some of the states want the Centre to frame a law or policy, making it mandatory for a person to obtain a driving licence before s/he buys a two-wheeler.The demands were raised at the state transporters' meet on Tuesday in the wake of increasing number of accidents involving two-wheelers, and most of them are reported from rural areas.Raising the demand Chhattisgarh inspector general (traffic) Arun Dev Gautam said that the Centre must instruct all the motorcycle-manufacturing companies not to sell their products to anyone who does not have a valid licence. \"We are catching many motor cyclists who either don't have a valid driving licence or have fake ones. Untrained and untested drivers are causing more accidents in rural areas,\" he added.India's accident data of 2011 shows that among all categories of vehicle, two-wheelers accounted for the highest share in total road accidents at 23.7% followed by trucks, tempos, tractors and other articulated vehicles. Though trucks, tempos, tractors and other articulated vehicles accounted for the highest proportion of fatalities at 27.4%; at least 19% of the victims in road accidents were travelling by two-wheelers.Kerala has asked the Centre to come out with a legal framework to enforce lane driving across the country. Transport commissioner Alice George said that violation of lane driving has been one of the main reasons for accidents on national highways (NHs). \"But since there is no policy, we can't penalize a trucker who does not leave the extreme right lane,\" he explained, pleading helplessness.Union road transport and highways minister C P Joshi have asked all stake-holders to shift from ad-hoc road safety activities to developing and implementing sustainable programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15333155", "title": "2 new plants for bio-medical waste disposal", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Indian Medical Association Goes Eco-friendly (Image) will set up two more bio-medical waste treatment plant and disposal centres in the state for effective disposal of medical bio-waste generated in hospitals. The plants are to come up at Thiruvananpauram and Ernakulam.The move comes in the wake of overload at its Palakkad plant. The plant in the state capital will come up on a 7-acre plot in Palode. The one in Ernakulam will be set up with the help of Kochi chapter of Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India. Once these plants become operational, waste from southern zone will be treated at Thiruvananthapuram; central zone at Ernakulam and northern region at the Palakkad plant.\"We have submitted application to the Thiruvananthapuram divisional forest officer, chief conservator of forests and pollution control board for the no-objection certificate as the plant would come up near forest area, said C K Chandrashekaran, chairman of Image. \"Kochi mayor he has agreed to provide land to set up the plant. We hope to make the plants functional within a year,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15332913", "title": "Trouble for unauthorized houses on govt land in Karnataka", "text": "BANGALORE: Unauthorized houses with two and more floors on government land in rural Karnataka will not be regularized.The Karnataka Land Revenue (Amendment) Bill, 2012 was passed in the legislative council on Thursday with some amendments. The Bill proposes to regularize all unauthorized houses on government land in the state, excluding those in the BBMP limits, corporation and urban local bodies.The government agreed to fix a distance from the prohibited areas. Those unauthorized houses on government land within 18 km radius of BBMP, 10 km of city corporations, 5 km from CMCs and 3km from town panchayats won't be regularized. Also, the maximum area that will be regularized is 60x40 sq ft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15333202", "title": "Rajasthan govt points out own flaws in report on Ramgarh dam to high court", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government's report on the initial action plan in dealing with encroachments and other unplanned and illegal construction activities in the Ramgarh dam's catchment area submitted to Rajasthan High Court has exposed its own flaws.Admitting that the encroachments exist, the government report mentioned that in the Ramgarh dam area there is rampant illegal mining, illegal borewells, encroachment of forest land and reduction in size of catchment area resulting in depletion of both surface water and underground water table.The state government in its initial action plan has submitted a list of nearly 700 encroachments in the Jawawaramgargh catchment area. \"Though, no encroachment have been found in the flow channel of the dam, yet 695 encroachments were found in the catchment area. These encroachments are of different categories like houses, temples, government buildings, agriculture land etc,\" the report read.It is also mentioned that \"no commercial illegal mining is being carried out in the catchment area of Ramgrah dam. However, three spots, viz, Acrol, Kaali, Ghanti and Burhanpur have been identified from where villagers extract building stones for local non-commercial use.\"The report also highlighted the fact that due to state government's carelessness not only flow of water was obstructed but public money was also wasted. \"Unplanned construction under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (NREGA) like construction of roads in rivers obstructed the flow of water. The state government has removed those roads from the catchment area of Ramgarh dam; however, such unplanned construction resulted in wastage of public money,\" the report read.Recently, the state government has issued directions that all allotments made in the catchment area of water bodies in the state since 1955 shall be cancelled and constructions in such places be demolished. The directions were issued implementing the orders of the high court.\"There are 225 land allotments made in four tehsils in contrary to Section 16 of the Act of 1955. In 105 cases, references have been made to the Board of Revenue for cancellation of the allotments. Further, the remainder 120 matters are under consideration with additional collectors/revenue officers who have been instructed to expedite the matter. Simultaneously, the officials identified for initiating disciplinary proceedings,\" the report said.However, taking lessons from past, 25 big dams of the state have been identified and will be monitored for water storage by the government and a techincal advisory board has been constituted which will suggest measures of water conservation to the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15332411", "title": "Transplant theatre at Osmania General Hospital left unused", "text": "HYDERABAD: Authorities at the state-run Osmania General Hospital (OGH) seem to have set a record of under-utilisation of equipment available at the super specialty hospital with a state-of-the-art organ transplant theatre lying unused at this only government hospital in the state that takes up the expensive kidney transplants free of cost for poor patients.Doctors here say that the brand new equipment that is specifically designed for organ transplants was put in place about two years ago, several years after the old theatre was closed. However, it could not be used on account of poor power supply to the QQDC block of the hospital where the theatre is located. They suggest that either the existing substation be revamped or a new substation that can take more load be installed. Once the equipment becomes functional, the endless wait that patients have to go through to get a transplant date might end, say doctors. So far, 430 live-related kidney transplants have been taken up at OGH.Now with the possibility of starting cadaver organ transplants under the proposed Jeevandan scheme, specialists here say that they will need a dedicated theatre for organ transplants. \"Currently, the transplants are being performed in other specialty theatres like that for cardiothoracic surgery. This way the surgeries are delayed and are being taken up subject to the availability of theatres,\" says Dr Manisha Sahay, head, nephrology, OGH.Doctors said the QQDC block, which has radiology equipment and theatres for cardiothoracic surgery, neurology and other departments, suffers from recurrent power outages due to overload. The block also has a respiratory intensive care unit on the ground floor. \"The facility is a boon for the poor as well as the lower middle class who can't imagine getting a transplant done otherwise. The inordinate delay is reflecting on the authorities' lack of seriousness towards this important issue,\" says another specialist.He added that all the departments functioning from the block are facing problems due to power disruptions inconveniencing patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332586", "title": "Metro work on course to meet deadline", "text": "MUMBAI: Perhaps for the first time in three years after the construction started, authorities in charge of Mumbai's first metro rail say that they are not facing any hurdles in taking forward the work and hope to meet the March 2013 deadline for the first phase.With work picking up pace on rail tracks near Andheri and Western Express Highway's Jog flyover, Mumbai Metro One Pvt Ltd authorities say, \"We are sure to complete civil work including those to be done at stations by November.\"However, according to the sources in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) landing stations' staircases, escalators and elevators close to footpaths and achieving finishing works at stations after installing commuter facilities are major challenges that need to be tackled in the next eight months. While work on construction of stations on an average is 80% complete, the work to build substation and overhead electrical line is over 70% finished.\"Of the 12 stations, 11 have achieved the platform slab (second floor) level where trains will arrive. Work on the concourse level (first floor) where ticketing counters and other facilities will be provided is nearing completion. After civil work is completed and rooftop is erected, other facilities like indicators, ticket-vending machines, security, lifts, and ticket counters will start coming up,\" sources said.Tracks on 10 of the 24-km viaduct (two parallel tracks on 12-km viaduct route) have been laid. Around 441 overhead masts to hold electrical lines have been fitted. Similarly, 12 coaches with three rakes have arrived in depots and the rest is expected by the year-end. Training of motormen and other staff too has begun. \"We expect all this to be complete only by March 2013 following which the trial runs and opening of services for commuters will happen,\" said the source.MMRDA spokesperson Dilip Kawathkar said that despite all challenges, the metro rail construction would be complete by March 2013. \"We don't find any reason for further delay, as there are absolutely no hurdles left now in the construction work,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15334741", "title": "Monkeys on prowl lock people in", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Stray dog menace apart, city residents are having to put up with another nuisance \u2014 rampaging monkeys. And people living in city's north are the worst-hit, so much so that they are scared to step out of their houses. Tara Devi, 66, resident of Sector 27C was badly injured when she was attacked by simians while taking a walk in the evening on Wednesday.The victim was recommended a walk by doctors but following the attack, she now dreads going outdoors. Residents of the area dread a band of monkeys that is wreaking havoc.Showing her wounds on the lower part of her leg, Tara Devi said, \"It was on doctor's advice that I have been taking a walk these days. Two days ago around 6.30pm, I was walking when three monkeys suddenly appeared and attacked me. People in the park saved me from the monkeys.\"\"Initially I called my daughter, who took me to the Sector 16 government hospital where I was given injections. Till now I have taken six injections and have to take four more. But it's a costly treatment, with each injection costing around Rs 500\", she added.Satish Kumar, a neighbour of the victim while taking to TOI said, \"The situation has become so scary that we don't allow our kids to go out. And it is monkeys who are swinging on the play equipment in parks, instead of kids making use of it.\"Satinder Singh, area councillor said, \"Monkeys are a major problem in my ward.\"I have met senior officers of the forest department regarding it and also raised the matter in the MC, but all my efforts have gone in vain. We need to have langurs to deal with the monkey menace and if the wildlife authorities fail to do something about it, then we will have no option but sit on dharna.\"According to information in the past two months, three incidents of monkey bite have occurred in Sector 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15336190", "title": "J Raj brings modern version of Ole Ole", "text": "Having made his mark on the Canadian music industry, J Raj is fast being recognised as the 'go to guy' for innovative dance led production. Having performed with and remixed for international award winning duo JOSH, he is again joining forces with them on a joint single project for his forthcoming release 'Ole Ole'.The new single is a remake of the global hit that featured Saif Ali Khan from the 1994 Yash Raj release, 'Yeh Dillagi'. It is a song of the 90's and J Raj's version has fast tracked the record for a real 21st century club vibe.Rup and Q have lent their immaculate vocals to the track and added their own intrinsically JoSH flavour to the melody adapting the top line for a more soulful feel.The track is scattered with euphoric dips and crescendos making 'Ole Ole' perfectly aligned for dance floors. J Raj's breakdown section reveals his love for early 80's computer games with a 'Super Mario' influenced segment.The high energy dance video brings to life the 80's dance scene and even showcases all three artists in a never before seen style.Describing his style of music as 'Folk Panjabi laced with commercial dance', J Raj released an EP last year featuring a summer reggae styled 'Leh Jana' radio hit 'Ambran Da Chan' &amp; a throwback to the golden nineties of Bhangra music, 'Nach Nach Ke' .Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15333055", "title": "Constable electrocuted while 'chasing youths' in Kota", "text": "JAIPUR: A 35-year-old constable was electrocuted and his colleague sustained serious injuries when they went to an under-construction house to look for two youths on the basis of a woman's statement that she was set on fire by the two in Kota's Railway Colony area on Thursday morning.The woman, who was admitted to the hospital with 55% burns, had claimed that two youths had set her on fire. The two constables had entered an under-construction house and climbed onto the rooftop when they came in contact with a high-tension overhead electricity wire. Police suspect that the woman's allegations were false.According to the police, the deceased constable, Rajesh Sahu, was a resident of Neemkhada area in Bundi district. Rajesh was posted at Railway Colony police station for the past three years. The injured constable, Manoj Kumar, is undergoing treatment.\"A 35-year-old woman, Chhoti Bai, was admitted to the government hospital in Kota with 55% burns. When the duty officer at the police station Yogendra Singh came to know about it, he rushed to the hospital and recorded statement of the woman around 4 am,\" railway colony station in-charge Ashok Kumar said.\"The woman claimed that she was a resident of Ridhhi Siddhi Nagar and two youths set her on fire. She said that she did not know the two youths,\" he said.A police team was immediately rushed to Ridhhi Siddhi Nagar to verify the spot of crime and nab the two youths. \"It came up that Chhoti Bai was a homeless woman. Rajesh and Manoj started checking houses in the locality and saw a sari lying on the rooftop of an under-construction house. They entered it and climbed onto the rooftop. They had torches in their hands,\" said the officer.Rajesh suddenly came in contact with a high-tension wire passing over the rooftop. \"A blast took place and Rajesh died on the spot. Manoj sustained injuries while trying to pull Rajesh away from the electricity wires,\" said the officer.\"Preliminary investigation suggests that no one had put the woman on fire. It seems the woman was sleeping on the same house's rooftop and came in contact with the wires herself. Why she was making up the story of two youths having set her on fire is being investigated,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15334562", "title": "Minorities bill before House", "text": "PORVORIM: The Goa Commission for Minorities Bill, 2012, was introduced in the legislative assembly on Thursday.Proposing the setting up of a Goa commission for minorities, to be implemented by the home department, the bill aims to safeguard the interests of minority communities in Goa. It will be known as the Goa Commission for Minorities Act once passed.Defining minority communities as those notified by the central government under Section 2 (c) of the National Commission for Minorities Act, the bill includes \"and who are domiciled in the state of Goa\".It proposes the setting up of a seven-member commission that will evaluate the progress of the development of minorities in the state; monitor the working of safeguards provided in the Constitution, central and state laws; recommend effective implementation of safeguards; look into specific complaints regarding deprivation of rights and safeguards and take up such matters with appropriate authorities.The commission is required to also undertake 'cause studies' into problems arising out of discrimination and recommend measures for their removal; conduct studies, research and analysis into issues relating to social, economic and educational development of minorities and suggest measures that the government can undertake towards the same; make periodical or special reports to the government on any matter pertaining to minorities, particularly their difficulties; and consider minorities' grievances and suggest appropriate solutions from time to time.At least five of the seven members in the commission, including the chairperson, are required to be from minority communities and each member will hold office for three years or till they attain 65 years of age, whichever is earlier, states the bill.It mentions that the commission shall meet as and when necessary and at such time and place as the chairperson may think fit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15333301", "title": "City discoms to improve network", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the recent Northern Grid disturbance turning the focus on power transmission and distribution networks , a committee has been set up to keep tabs on the city's discoms. Delhi Transco will ensure that they invest in capital infrastructure and its maintenance.\"Now that discoms have the required tariff, the network should also be in place. The committee will look into this regularly and help them plan for the future needs of the capital,'' said an official.Stakeholders will be asked to make accurate forecasts of power demand, make arrangements, submit their investment plans, and seek approval for the work.\"Overdrawing by some states was partly responsible for the grid collapse. The transmission and distribution systems in the country are also screaming for an overhaul, and how do you strengthen these unless you have the money?\" said an official.In the capital, the three discoms had been demanding a tariff hike for two years citing heavy outflow on power purchase and system strengthening. Discoms agreed that network expansion and improvement are priorities. Tata Power Delhi said it needs to invest more in its distribution network that had been tested to its capacity at 1,600 MW and 40 degrees centigrade. \"We plan to approach DERC with a capex approval of Rs 450 crore. Last year, our capex was Rs 300 crore. This year, the demand has been higher than anticipated and the network has been strained to its capacity. There is an urgent need to invest more in infrastructure upgradation,'' said a senior official.The Delhi government has also asked the Centre to look into islanding Delhi so that if ever there is a disturbance in the Northern Grid, the capital can be spared the outages.Power minister Haroon Yusuf said, \"Delhi suffered because of the indiscipline of neighbouring states in overdrawing from the grid, and we want to ensure this does not happen again. We met officials from the power ministry to look into islanding Delhi, and the Centre is looking into this.''To island Delhi, dedicated power plants will immediately supply power to the capital if the grid trips, through dedicated corridors not routed through the grid.Power secretary Shakti Sinha added: \"Some protective measures are essential for Delhi because as the capital, there are several strategic installations located here. We need a method to ensure that in future, there is no blackout...\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15338895", "title": "Arnie becomes US University professor", "text": "Arnold Schwarzenegger has yet another professional transformation to add to his resume, as he ventures into academics.The 65-year-old former California governor co-founded a think tank and became a professor at the University of Southern California with the establishment of the USC Schwarzenegger Institute for State and Global Policy, where he will be the Governor Downey Professor of State and Global Policy.He will also serve as the chairman of its board of advisers.With an eye towards the leadership responsibility and transcending partisanship, the institute will be focusing on five core research areas: education, energy and environment, fiscal and economic policy, health and human wellness and political reform.\"One of the great lessons I learned as governor of California was that the best solutions to common problems could only be found when each side was willing to engage thoughtfully and respectfully with each other,\" the Washington Post quoted him as saying.\"This institute is dedicated to promoting a new era of post-partisanship, where solutions are the result of intelligent and civil discussion between people with deeply held principles who understand the need to work through their disagreements to achieve real solutions,\" he said.He has committed 20 million dollars from his own funds as well as future fundraising to support the institute.The first public event will be a one-day symposium on September 24 that will be focusing on the importance of post-partisanship in the modern policymaking world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15334666", "title": "Abandoned box creates scare at Avadi rly station", "text": "CHENNAI: An abandoned box caused a bomb scare at Avadi railway station on Thursday morning.Thestation, around 22km from Chennai, is on the Chennai-Arakkonam suburban route. In the wake of Wednesday's blasts in Pune, commuters became wary when a box was found lying unattended. Government railway police and Railway Protection Force personnel cordoned off the area and opened the box. They found it belonged to a train guard who had forgotten to take it while returning from duty.It was handed over to him. \"People became frightened because it was peak hour and the station was crowded with work-bound commuters. We have stepped up security at railway stations following a blast in Pune,\" said a railway police official.Security has been tightened at Chennai Central with passengers and visitors being monitored through CCTV cameras.Railway policemen and railway protection force personnel have been scanning CCTV footage round the clock. They look for suspicious movement of people and also abandonedbags or material inside the station. Periodic security announcements are also made to encourage passengers to report about unattended bags.Railways is also gearing up to step up security measures at major railway stations in the state. Baggage scanning machines have been installed and random baggage checks are being done. More such scanning machines will be installed very soon, said a senior railway official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15333006", "title": "Man robbed off Rs 2.3 lakh in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: A 20-year-old employee of Saras Dairy contractor was allegedly robbed of Rs 2.32 lakh by two motorcycle-borne miscreants who threw chilly powder into his eyes near Vishwakarma Road Number - 1 under Muralipura police station area on Thursday. However, police suspect there are several loopholes in the victim's story.According to the police, the victim, Vijay Singh Naruka, is a resident of Dausa. \"He lives in a rented accommodation in Jhotwara and works as a collection agent for Saras Dairy milk supply contractor named Sardar Singh,\" Muralipura police station in-charge Rajendra Singh said.In a statement to the police, Vijay claimed that he had collected cash from Saras Dairy booths and was on his way to hand it over to the contractor at the latter's house when the incident took place around 10.30 am.\"He says that he stopped to attend a mobile call near Alka Cinema when two men on a motorcycle stopped near him. They suddenly threw chilly power into her eyes and snatched the bag containing Rs 2.32 lakh. They then sped away,\" said the officer.Senior police officers rushed to the spot when Vijay informed the police control room about the incident. Police put barricades on the roads leading out of the city. Till late there was no breakthrough.The officer added that there are some loopholes in Vijay's claims. \"We are not ruling out that he was actually a victim of robbery, but probing if it was staged. Further investigation is on,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15334346", "title": "Colts happy with their preparation", "text": "BANGALORE: The Indian U-19 colts are gung-ho with their skipper Unmukt Chand describing his band of boys as a charged-up lot having worked on their grey areas at the camp for the U-19 World Cup that concluded at the National Cricket Academy (NCA) on Thursday.\"It was really good. We have played in Australia and so we knew the things we had to work on. We tried to nullify the gaps that we came across in the last three-four tournaments and tried to strengthen our basics,\" said Chand, who will be leading the side at the U-19 World bash to be held in Australia from August 11 to 26.India will kick start their campaign against Zimbabwe on Aug 14 at the Tony Ireland Stadium, Townsville. India have been placed in Group B alongside West Indies, Zimbabwe and Papua New Guinea.Dismissing the pressure of expectation, Chand felt that applying the right strategy will hold good for the team. \"There is no pressure at all. We've been enjoying each other's company. We've always tried to rectify the errors. If we do the right things again, we will be hopeful about this tournament as well,\" he said.Chand said his team has performing in unison, with all three departments coming good. \"We have been doing well in all the three departments of the game for some time now. Batting has clicked sometimes and bowling has clicked on the other occasions. Everyone is chipping in really well,\" he said.The team will leave Bangalore to Mumbai on Friday morning before they depart to Australia in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15333223", "title": "Away from the political heat, Kerala CPM leaders check in for therapy", "text": "COIMBATORE: Call it a coincidence or the conspiracy of circumstances. Just as Kerala in general and Kannur in particular is heatedly debating the arrest of CPM Kannur district secretary P Jayarajan, two prominent party leaders arrived at a reputed ayurveda centre in the city for sukha chikitsa (rejuvenation therapy).Party politburo member Kodiyeri Balakrishnan and central committee member E P Jayarajan reached Coimbatore on Wednesday to start the three-week long treatment that promises \"health and happiness\". Both were admitted to Arya Vaidya Pharmacy (Coimbatore) at Ramanathapuram in the city, incidentally, a few hours after the CPM politburo appealed to all \"democratic-minded sections of the people\" to strongly protest the vindictive action of Oommen Chandy government in Kerala against party leaders.Interestingly, Kodiyeri and Jayarajan hail from the party citadel of Kannur, the epicentre of the present tremors in Kerala politics. P Jayarajan, whose arrest on Wednesday triggered the hartal and the resultant violence on Thursday, heads the party's Kannur district unit. He was arrested for his alleged role in the conspiracy that led to the murder of an Indian Union Muslim League activist and has since been remanded in judicial custody.According to K G Raveendran, medical director of the pharmacy, Kodiyeri and Jayarajan would undergo the therapy for three weeks. \"We will at first do an overall health check-up. The course of treatment to be undertaken will be decided in two days. The procedures for sukha chikitsa will begin only from Saturday,'' said Raveendran, whose VIP patients include former Pakistan president General Parvesh Musharraf.Though it's a first for Kodiyeri, (E P) Jayarajan has undergone treatment at the pharmacy many times in the past. He underwent treated here first time when he was shot at by two men, allegedly at the behest of a Congress leader from Kannur, while on a train to Kerala after attending CPM's Chandigarh party congress in 1996.The leaders were unavailable for comment as the hospital staff is under instruction not to disturb their privacy.The internationally-known ayurveda centre established by P R Krishnakumar is a favourite of political leaders, especially for sukha chikitsa. Former CPM Kannur district secretary P Sasi, who was recently expelled from the party, underwent it recently. So did Gopi Kottamurikkal, a former Ernakulam district secretary of CPM, who too was expelled from the party recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "15336590", "title": "No breakthrough in teen rape, murder", "text": "KEONJHAR: Though more than a day has passed since the rape and murder of a minor girl in Keonjhar's Belkundi village, police are yet to arrest the accused. They have, however, detained four persons. The body of Bindya Mahakud (13), the victim, was found one km from the village on Wednesday.She had gone for tuitions in Barbil basti, two km from her home in the morning. But did not return on time prompting a search by her family. The injuries on her body and its position pointed to rape followed by murder. The accused had tied a tree branch on her neck to kill her that had left behind a mark.According to the villagers, Bindya, a Class VIII student of Municipality High School, Barbil, had been attacked by some persons earlier but her family had taken it lightly.SP (Keonjhar) Anirudha Singh, SDPO of Barbil B R Kerketta along with a scientific team and police dog had gone to the crime spot to investigate the matter. \"We are yet to catch the culprits. The incident took place during the day but no one has come forward to give us some clue. As it is a mining area and closed to Jharkhand, it is difficult to identify the persons. But we will soon make the arrests,\" Kerketta said. \"Though preliminary probe points at rape and murder, the exact cause will be ascertained after the investigation is over. We are interrogating the suspected persons and locals,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15333794", "title": "Eighteen tainted MPs get guns at subsidized prices", "text": "LUCKNOW: Eighteen members of Parliament having criminal record bought guns for subsidized prices from the custom department between 2001 and 2012. Ten of these MPs are from UP. They were sold guns seized by the custom department's anti-smuggling under a special scheme of the government of India.These guns, which included lethal and prohibited bore, were sold to buyers like mafia-turned-politician Atiq Ahmed with 44 criminal cases including charges of murder, attempt to murder among others. Ahmed, in fact, was issued a rifle for hunting purpose and not for self-defence. In all, 82 MPs took benefit of the scheme between 2001-2012. Twenty-seven of them were from UP.The other tainted MPs from UP who bought the guns were Rakesh Sachan, Afzal Ansari , Brajesh Pathak , Kapil Muni, Rakesh Pandey, RK Singh Patel, Dharam Raj Singh, S Saiduzzaman and Yashvir Singh. This was revealed on Wednesday in a report of the Association of Democratic Reforms (ADR). This has been revealed in a report of released on Thursday. The report is based on the data provided by the Custom department, government of India, under right to information to activist Ambrish Pandey.The seized guns were earlier given to security agencies for use but in 1990 the government decided that surplus non-prohibited bore guns can be sold to MPs and VIPs at below market rate. Prohibited guns needed special permission from the finance ministry. In 2002, the policy was revised allowing sale of weapons to MPs on a first come, first served basis. Also, in some cases, special permission was given for out-of-turn allotment of prohibited guns to MPs and VIPs. Ordinary citizens are not eligible for buying such guns even if they have a license.The ADR has also raised questions: Why should such guns be sold only to MPs when some already have police protection? Why are guns sold to MPs with serious criminal cases against them? Does the government track the possession of such guns after some years because it is known fact that the black market price of such guns is high? Why are prohibited guns sold to MPs and VIPs? Such weapons are used by the military, terrorist and extremist.The RTI also revealed that between 1987-2012, total 756 guns sold to MPs and VIPs, which included Syed Shahabuddin, Jayanti Natrajan, Akbar Ahmed Dumpy, Vinay Katyar, Uma Bharti , Mayawati , Jagdish Tytler , Bhupinder Singh Hooda , Yogi Aditya Nath, KP Singh Deo, Vinod Khanna , Kalyan Singh , Syed Shahnawaz Hussain , Vasundhara Raje Scindia, Sibu Soren, Mohammad Shahbuddin, Rashid Alvi, Digvijay Singh , Abu Azmi and Renuka Choudhary. Some of these MPs had high profile security cover provided by the government.Quoting RTI activist Ambrish Pandey, the ADR analysis report also states \"All confiscated weapons are now sent to the New Custom House in New Delhi. This centralised sale point for VIPs under the Finance Ministry allows the government to follow an ad hoc, discretionary and opaque policy of allotment\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15337613", "title": "Citizens aggrieved by Web content too need redressal: Kapil Sibal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government has no plan to manage content on internet but there should be a mechanism to redress complaints of aggrieved citizens, Telecom and Information Technology Minister Kapil Sibal said today.He also asserted the country has the sovereign right to bring all media networks, including social media, under Indian laws.\"The government will not be involved in managing anything. We do not want to interfere, we do not want to manage but if there are citizens who are aggrieved they should have a redressal mechanism,\" Sibal said during a round-table on Information Technology (Intermediaries Guidelines) Rules 2011.The round-table saw participation from Members of Parliament, internet companies and industry bodies like CII, FICCI and Assocham.\"All networks have to be subject to Indian laws. That is are our sovereign right\" he said, adding that social media also needs to work with various stakeholders to ensure that it exercises due diligence in context of content that is hosted on it.He said the government will organise many such round-tables with participation of all stakeholders in order to evolve a consensus on the matter.\"The good part is that the government is saying that it is not looking at censorship, not looking at controlling or managing the content. I think those statements are very important,\" Nasscom President Som Mittal said.Trinamool Congress MP Derek O' Brien said as internet is a people's medium so its freedom should be maintained.He, however, added there should be a mechanism to check harmful content but states should be consulted on defining any such matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15337206", "title": "Youth injured in Kashi Vishwanath Temple Trust building collapse", "text": "VARANASI: A youth sustained serious head injuries when some parts of an old and dilapidated house, owned by Kashi Vishwanath Temple Trust (KVTT), near Saraswati Phatak under Chowk police station collapsed on Thursday afternoon. KVTT and VNN officials have started blame game over the incident.According to reports, a large number of south Indian pilgrims had queued up near Saraswati Phatak to enter the Kashi Vishwanath temple. Immediately after this group of pilgrims left the place, some parts of the building collapsed. The debris fell on a local youth Mitthu, who suffered serious head injuries. He was rushed to hospital by the local residents.The locals informed that the house was lying closed for past many months and its parts collapsed due to menace of monkeys.The incident allowed many to raise eyebrows on the security arrangements as well as the functioning of Varanasi Nagar Nigam. The area where the house collapsed falls under red zone (inner cordon) of the highly sensitive Kashi Vishwanath Gyanvapi complex.Incidentally, on October 10, 2011, two persons, including an elderly woman, were killed while seven sustained injuries when front portion of the upper floor of an old and dilapidated building collapsed on the border line of red zone and yellow zone (outer cordon).Before this, on August 8, 2011, one Maina Dahal, a 46-year-old Nepali pilgrim, was killed when a portion of the balcony of a dilapidated house fell on her in Kachauri Gali area that also falls in the yellow zone of the Kashi Vishwanath Gyanvapi Complex.These incidents are happening at a time when the standing committee on Kashi Vishwanath Gyanvapi security had already declared 45 dilapidated buildings in red zone and on its border as dangerous several years back.After considering that 45 such buildings can collapse anytime and cause harm to pilgrims, tourists, buyers, passersby, shopkeepers, residents as well as the security personnel the VNN was asked to initiate necessary action like issuing notices for the repairing or demolish the buildings. The house whose portion collapsed on Thursday had been purchased by the KVTT in past while the neighbouring building had been purchased by the trust recently.When the chief executive officer of KVT S N Tripathi was contacted over phone, he disclosed that the trust had already taken the decision to demolish these two buildings in June last and the VNN had been assigned by the district administration to complete this process.He said that due to heavy rush of pilgrims during Shrawan month the demolition process was postponed.On the other hand, when the executive engineer of VNN, U N Tripathi was contacted, he mentioned different reason for the delay in demolition of those buildings.He said that unavailability of adequate police force delayed this process as some tenants in those buildings had not left their shops so far. But, he said, the matter would be tackled on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15339029", "title": "Narayana Murthy hopeful of Infosys' Kolkata centre", "text": "KOLKATA: Founder of software giant Infosys, NR Narayana Murthy today said he was positive that the company's first centre would come up in the metropolis.\"I am certainly positive about the Kolkata centre. There is no doubt about it,\" Murthy said when asked about the future of the city unit for which the West Bengal government has allotted 50 acre at Rajarhat near here.\"There are solutions to all the problems. Therefore, there is a solution to everything which we think is unsolvable,\" Murthy, now Chairman Emeritus of Infosys, told reporters on the sidelines of an event here.While Infosys has been seeking SEZ status for the Kolkata centre, the state government has said that it was in-principle opposed to the idea.Instead, the Mamata Banerjee led government has suggested that the Centre should extend the tax benefits given under the erstwhile Software Technology Park scheme.Alternatively, the government is also toying with the idea of relocating the Infosys unit into any one of the existing SEZs in the state.The Kolkata centre is likely to create 5,000 jobs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15332091", "title": "Boot polish row: Pakistan fires deputy attorney general", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The Pakistan government has fired a top law officer who earned the ire of lawyers by washing dishes and polishing shoes while performing voluntary service at Hindu and Sikh shrines in India to promote inter-faith harmony.Khurshid Khan, a deputy attorney general based in the northwestern city of Peshawar, was de-notified and replaced while he was on a private visit to Nepal and Bhutan to perform 'sewa' at places of worship.Attorney general Irfan Qadir too confirmed that Khan had been replaced by another lawyer. He did not cite any reason for Khan's removal. \"Deputy attorney general is not a permanent post. It's assigned for three years,\" Qadir said. Khan, currently in Kathmandu , cut short his planned tour and decided to return to Pakistan. He told The Express Tribune that he had been removed from his post. He also gave another reason for his sacking. \"I've been punished for my struggle against corruption and for challenging Dewaan-e-Khaas, a restaurant allegedly built on public property by Awami National Party activists,\" Khan said.Khan said he had spoken to his son and asked him to return the official vehicle provided by the government.The law officer has been in the limelight since he began his 'seva campaign' at Jogan Shah Gurdwara in Peshawar after Taliban militants kidnapped and killed some Sikhs in the lawless tribal belt some years ago.In March, Khan swept floors, washed dishes and polished shoes at Sikh gurdwaras and mosques during a visit to India. Khan at that time had said his actions were aimed at healing the \"wounds of minorities in Pakistan by becoming their sevadar\". But it did not go down well with conservatives. The SC issued him a show-cause notice for \"defaming\" Pakistan. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15333465", "title": "PCMC fails to publish environment status report", "text": "PUNE: It has been three years since the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has published an environment status report (ESR).The ESR helps citizens, environmental activists and urban planners get information about the development of the city and its impact on the environment. The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has been very particular about publishing the report, which is made public every year before the government stipulated deadline of July 31. However, the PCMC has failed to learn from its neighbour.Since last three years, the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB)too has made efforts to improve the quality of ESRs. Importantly, the board has recommended that citizens and experts be involved in preparing the report. Besides, it wants the report to provide an action plan for tackling challenges ahead for the environment.Sanjay Kulkarni, an executive engineer with the environment cell of PCMC, said, \"Earlier the health department prepared the ESRs. But now the environment cell will do the job. A consultant has been appointed for preparing the reports for the next three years.\"The health department did prepare the report for about three years. However, in the last two years, it has blamed other departments for not providing the required information. \"The draft ESR for the next three years will be ready by May-June every year. The cost of preparing the report will be Rs 15 lakh every year. The consultant has been told that the ESR should not prove to be just a status report, but should give information about time-bound measures that need to be taken to improve the environment.\"Vikas Patil, president of Paryavaran Sanvardhan Samiti said, \"By not preparing the ESRs for the past three years, the PCMC has proved its negligence towards environment and its cause. The MPCB has the powers to take action against civic bodies that do not prepare the ESRs. So, it is time to act against the PCMC.\"Patil said the PCMC had formed an environmental cell two years back. \"Last year, the environmental cell assured us that it will prepare the ESR by July 2012. But it has not done so. If the environment cell has decided to get all its work done through contractors, then it is better to close down it down,\" said Patil.Eom/siddharth gaikwad", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15336304", "title": "Cut-off marks for Plus II science fall", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The cut-off marks for Plus II science admission in the most sought after colleges have been lowered this year compared to that in 2011. Against a minimum requirement of 92.33% last year for general category students for admission in BJB (Junior) College last year, those securing 91.2% were selected in the first round for admission this year, as per the selection list published on Thursday.The percentage is even lower than the second cut-off of last year in BJB which was 91.5%. The cut-off for science in top three colleges are 91.2% cent for BJB, 91.17% for Ravenshaw (compared to 91.26% last year) and 90.17% for Saraswati (Junior) Vidya Mandir, Neelakanthanagar.Educationists said the decline in general cut off for science in colleges may be attributed to students drifting towards CBSE medium schools. \"Students are increasingly opting for CBSE schools in Class XII, which is regarded high-scoring compared to the examination conducted by Council of Higher Secondary Education (CHSE). Score is becoming important for science students because these would be counted in different entrance examinations,\" said S N Mohanty , former principal of BJB (Junior) College.The cut-off for arts and commerce, however, has gone up. Compared to a cut-off of 75.83% for commerce in BJB College last year, this year it has increased to 77.9%. The most sought after colleges for commerce are BJB, followed by Ravenshaw (77.17%) and Khallikore Junior College Berhampur (69.83%). Ravenshaw's commerce cut-off was 75.67% last year.SCS College Puri with a cut off of 62% (compared to 60.67% last year) has emerged the college with the highest demand for arts followed by Ravenshaw in the NO.2 with 60.50% marks. BJB comes third at 60.17%, which is higher compared to 58.17% in 2011.In a strange coincidence, all the worst 10 colleges requiring least cut off for science admission are in Sundargarh district. These require 30.8% to 33% for admission. Similarly, six out of 10 worst cut-off colleges for commerce and arts requiring 30.43% to 33% marks for admission are in Sundargarh district, the cut-off list reveals.In nine colleges, zero students were selected for admission in the first list. These include RJSMS Residential College Tentulipara, Balasore Institute of Technical Studies, Nuasahi, BM Junior College, Cuttack, Government Junior Science College Ayeba (Kendrapada), Glorious Academy and Narayan Junior College in Bhubaneswar, Mayurbhanj Science College and Sai +2 Science Residential College of Baripada and Cosmic +2 Science College Puri. One to 10 students were selected for admission in 19 colleges. Similarly, 11 to 20 students were selected for admission in another 19 colleges. Around 3.31 lakh students had applied for admission in 1,334 colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332779", "title": "Civic body may give wrestler new home", "text": "MUMBAI: Ace wrestler Narsingh Yadav (24) a 2010 Commonwealth Games gold medallist and India's strong medal hope at the ongoing London Olympics, may get alternative accommodation from the civic body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15334043", "title": "Many waiters carry germs on hands: Study", "text": "The meal that the waiter has served you appears to be perfect. It looks good,smells great and has just the right quantities of protein, carbohydrates and vitamins. But zoom in at a microscopic level and you'd probably see that it also contains the most vile-looking and dangerous germs and bacteria like Escherichia coli (E. coli) and amoebic cysts.Not having hair or grime on your plate does not mean that the food served at a restaurant or roadside eatery is safe. A study shows that the hands of many chefs and waiters in the city are infested with deadly micro-organisms.The results of the study by Indian Public Health Association have come as a shocker to people who eat out as well as doctors and health department officials. Researchers found E. coli on the hands of nearly 11.2%of the people who handle food in five star hotels. In smaller restaurants, 47% of chefs and waiters had the bacterium, which can cause serious food poisoning, on their hands. The figure rises to 84.7% in roadside eateries.Researchers found amoebic cysts on the handsof 11.2% of waiters in roadside eateries. These cysts can cause forms of amoebiasis, from dysentery to amoebic liver abscess, the third most common cause of death (after schistosomiasis and malaria ) from parasitic infections.What makes eating at roadside kiosks more dangerous is that these units do not follow hygienic practices and have unclean cooking practices. Eateries are often located near open drains or garbage bins. People in the city are also extremely vulnerable to food poisoning.It is an extremely scary situation,said IPHA state president Dr S Elango, who led the study.\"We did not know these dangers existed before the study,\" he said. \"Food inspectors often test food quality but rarely check health and hygiene of people who handle food.\" The situation could be even worse, he said. \"We don't know if there are other, more serious health risks because our study covered a limited number of disease causing micro-organisms,\" he said.Dr Elango'steam surveyed 250 restaurants and eateries over six months and checked the hands of 1,000 people who handled food. The subjects' hands were dipped in distilled water that was then tested in labs. The tests showed that the water contained E. coli and several other dangerous micro-organisms.Scientists in the UK and France are now finding that lack of food safety measures could lead to the growth of superbugs that are resistant to antibiotics. Across the globe, experts have called on health officials to step up monitoring and stop superbugs likes almonella and typhimurium from spreading globally.City health officer B Kuganatham estimates that at least 65 lakh people in Chennaieat or drink in hotels or eateries at least once every day. The trade licences for hotels and eateries are issued by the State Food and Drug Safety Authority as per the provisions of theFood Safety Act.The law mandates hygienic practices for food handlers \u2014 including regular washing of hands with soap, use of disposable gloves, hair covers and clean clothes. A senior member of the city's hotel owner's association said many restaurants do not follow the prescribed norms. \"I work in a five star restaurant and we have very stringent rules,\" a chef said. \"But workers in our kitchens rarely wear gloves or follow other protocol.\" Health officials said they often come across breaches of hygiene rules.Senior surgical gastroenterologist Dr S M Chandramohan said more than two thirds of his patients with food poisoning or stomach infections had been regularly eating out. Symptoms of stomach infections show up within minutes in some cases and sometimes take days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "dibrugarh/guwahati", "code": "15336695", "title": "Encephalitis claims 3 more in Dibrugarh, toll 32", "text": "Dibrugarh/GUWAHATI: Three more people have died of encephalitis in Dibrugarh district over the past two days. With this, 32 people have so far lost their lives after contracting the vector-borne disease in the district.Confirming the deaths, joint director of health services (Dibrugarh) DN Bangthai on Thursday said 11 deaths have occurred due to Japanese Encephalitis (JE), while 21 died of Acute Encephalitis Syndrome (AES). \"As of now, we've 49 other people, who have been found JE positive, while the samples of 126 persons have tested AES positive. The infected persons are being treated at Assam Medical College and Hospital and various health centres in the district,\" he said.Out of 11 JE deaths, the highest number of casualties was recorded in the Naharani area (5) followed by Dibrugarh town (3) and 1 each at Khowang, Barbaruah and Lahowal. Health authorities, who have sounded an alert following the outbreak of the disease, have formed eight teams comprising medical and non-medical staff who have been conducting awareness programmes in encephalitis-prone areas.Preventive measures like fogging and spraying of mosquito-repellants are being undertaken in the disease-prone areas. Leaflets with relevant information are also being distributed among public. A health official said the percentage of deaths due to JE is comparatively higher in upper Assam than rest of the state because of high pig population. Domestic pigs and wild birds are carriers of the virus while stagnant water is the breeding ground for culex mosquitoes which are the carriers of encephalitis virus.Instances of Acute encephalitis syndrome (AES) and Japanese encephalitis (JE) have affected different districts of the state this year too. However, doctors claimed that such cases have come down to a great extent following introduction of adult vaccination last year.The worst affected districts this year are Sivasagar and Dibrugarh. But health officials claimed that the situation is better than last year. This year's records say the number of AES cases in the entire state was 870 out of which 157 died. The number of JE cases across Assam was 284 of which there were 69 deaths.As per last year's records, the number of AES cases in the state was 1491 out of which 280 died. The number of JE cases was 543 of which 115 died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15337098", "title": "Rajakeeya is a social, political satire", "text": "Kannada film producers association is now making a social, political satire which will show the current political situation in the country in general and Karnataka in particular. He has a story idea which is now developing and is all set to launch the film some time later in this month.After producing quality films like Aunty Preethse , Kambalahalli , Raktha Kanneeru and Katari Veera Sura Sundarangi , Munirathna is all set to make a political satire with some thriller elements also. \"I am writing the story of the film which will be concluding shortly. Ravi Srivatsa will be the director of the film. I want to keep the technical values of the film at a high level,\" says Munirathna. The title of the film has been fixed as 'Rajakeeya'.Munirathna is thinking of some big names of the South Indian film industry to be featured in the film which will be disclosed shortly. \"I am not attacking any political party through this film. I am not giving any message through this film, but if you introspect you will understand that we people have to chose our representatives carefully\" said Munirathna.Upendra's 'Katari Veera Sura Sundarangi' has got back his investments and he is planning to release the Telugu and Tamil dubbed versions in the 3 D.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15332349", "title": "Kolkata Municipal Corporation wants a pretty city but Kolkatans prefer shortcuts", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee's beautification plan in Kolkata doesn't seem to have gone down well with a section of residents in and around Prince Anwar Shah Road. The under-construction median divider, running along the 5-km stretch from Tipu Sultan Mosque to South City mall, has been demolished at places to facilitate jaywalking. Officials of the KMC borough office, which is located just around the corner, has preferred to keep their eyes closed all the while.With broken slabs lying scattered across the roads, iron rods were found dangerously jutting out of the concrete structures at various points near Navina cinema hall, Jogesh Chandra College and the Tipu Sultan mosque. \"If we want to cross the street for even a cup of tea, we have to walk the whole stretch to Jogesh Chandra College crossing. We had asked the construction people to leave a narrow space in between the divider to facilitate our movement. But our suggestions fell on deaf ears,\" said Sushil Shah, a shop-keeper near Indrani Park.Prince Anwar Shah Road is one of the busiest stretch and the fastest connector to EM Bypass. The median divider is supposed to restrict any violation by the two-way traffic and to stop the pedestrians from crossing the busy roads. \"It is not convenient to walk all the way to a crossing to cross the street, so either you climb up the boulevard or break it to create space,\" said Sanjay Shaw, an employee at a nearby medical shop.The residents complain that the Kolkata Municipal Corporation officials supervising the beautification project should have thought about creating such spaces as there are major landmarks like the Navina Cinema or Jogesh Chandra College on this stretch. \"College students face a lot of problems and people cannot cross the street easily even if they have to go to the theatre. So, breaking it down is the best option,\" said Tapan Mondol, a sweet-shop owner near the college. Mondol does not know who broke down the divider but is \"happy\" that some people in the locality did have the courage to do something like that.\"There is Tollygunge Girls' School and Biswaspara Masjid opposite Navina cinema hall. During Ramzan, we face a lot of problems while we cross the street to go to the mosque. And the crevice serves our purpose,\" said Nazo Bewa, an elderly shopkeeper near Navina cinema. Bewa informed that the divider was broken 10-15 days ago.\" Though, I have heard that it will be re-built again,\" added Bewa.A senior official of the KMC civil engineering department conceded that local residents had demanded some space along the boulevard be kept open for them to cross the road. \"We are discussing the issue with the Kolkata police officials. We will also talk to the local residents. After that a decision in this regard would be taken,\" the official said.Others, particularly motorists, do not share Mondol or Bewa's views on the matter. \"I was happy when I saw the median being constructed. Within days, I saw portions being demolished. Women and children were trying to squeeze through the exposed rods. Now, motorists will have to be extra cautious while driving along the Anwar Shah Road. I don't know why such illegal acts are being allowed,\" said noted plastic surgeon Shankar Chatterjee.Also, the green cover on the dividers has already been reduced to dump yards. The incomplete boulevard has been painted with betel-juice marks all over the stretch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15337423", "title": "Abhi and Divya are coming to wake you up at 12AM", "text": "Abhi and Divya Sridhar starrer horror film '12 AM' will be releasing on 10th August all over the state.Director Karthick said that the film will remind many earlier well received films of Kashinath and he was very happy that all the artists have put in their best performance in the film.Vijayakumar and his wife Prathima who are the producers of the film said that they had approached Kashinath with a proposal of making this film and have found this experience to be extremely satisfying because the eminent film maker has seen to it that each paisa spent on the film is reflected onscreen.Abhi is hoping big success for his new venture, while for Divya Sridhar it's a good break for her career.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15332254", "title": "Four trying to take out Rs 100 note from tank die", "text": "KANPUR: A father-son duo was among four persons who suffocated to death after the child entered a septic tank to take out a hundred-rupee note that had fallen into the pit, police said.10-year-old Sandeep, son of one Mukesh dropped the note in the septic tank this morning, police said.The tank had a broken lid through which Sandeep entered the tank with the help of stairs. He fell unconscious and died after inhaling the poisonous gas inside the tank.Sensing trouble, Mukesh and his two neighbours entered the tank but suffered a similar fate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15336201", "title": "BMW hit-and-run case: No extra jail term for Sanjeev Nanda, SC directs him to pay Rs 50 lakh to Centre", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday upheld the conviction of Sanjeev Nanda in 1999 BMW hit-and-run case.The apex court convicted Sanjeev Nanda under Section 304-II of IPC for the 1999 BMW hit-and-run case but did not enhance his sentence from 2 years imposed by the Delhi high court.The trial court had sentenced Sanjeev Nanda to 5 years jail term.The SC also imposed a fine of Rs 50 lakh on Nanda and said this money would be utilised for payment of compensation to highway hit-and-run accident victims.The apex court said if Nanda does not pay the fine, he would undergo a sentence of one more year. If he pays the fine, Nanda will not go to jail again as he has already served the 2-year sentence.The apex court criticised Sanjeev Nanda's conduct of not taking injured to hospital and ordered him to do 2-year more community service under supervision of the ministry of welfare. The SC said that during and after the accident in which 6 persons were killed, Nanda showed utter lack of sensitivity towards the injured.The SC gave 6 months to Nanda to pay up Re 50 lakh which would be utilised for road accident victims where the offending vehicle is not identified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "15337032", "title": "Puneet reigns supreme in district tourney", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: His success in the U-19 district badminton tournament has come as a morale boost to Puneet Inder Singh Grewal, as he managed a victory not only in his singles match, but also in the men's doubles, junior doubles and mixed doubles matches.Grewal clinched the championship defeating Chanpreet Singh in straight sets (21-15, 21-18). \"I would try to gain momentum from this win, taking the confidence to the ensuing state and national tournaments,\" said Puneet.Partnering with his singles rival Chanpreet for the men's doubles, Puneet won the match against senior players Lakhwinder Singh and Anand Tiwari by 22-20, 21-12. In the U-19 mixed-doubles category, he paired with Aditi Mahajan to beat Amit Basin and Arshpreet Kaur by 21-15, 21-16. His equation with Chanpreet worked in their favour yet again when they nailed the junior doubles title defeating Surya Goel and Divyansh.Pursuing his graduation from Punjab Agricultural University, Puneet says he started concentrating on his game in 2004 after being influenced by grandfather late Rajinder Singh Grewal. His initial skills and training came from coach Gyaninder Singh at Shastri badminton hall. Puneet later started training at the PAU badminton academy under coach Charanjeet Singh.\"I had had participated in many national level competitions during school days and even won a gold medal in national school badminton meet in 2008,\" says Puneet, who gives equal importance to his academics.With a dream to represent the country at international level like all shuttlers, Puneet wants badminton to be widely played and practiced in the state. His mother Harpreet Kaur says her son's performance left her delighted and proved her faith in his abilities.Coach Charanjeet Singh says Puneet is turning better with every tournament he participates in and is a promising shuttler with bright prospects in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15333491", "title": "ATS chief, DGP visit Pune blast sites", "text": "PUNE: Newly-appointed director general police (DGP) Sanjeev Dayal and state anti-terrorism squad chief Rakesh Maria visited all the blast sites during the early hours on Thursday.Experts from the National Investigating Agency (NIA) too visited the blast sites early on Thursday morning and collected samples of the explosives used in the blasts.Meanwhile, state home minister R R Patil on Thursday held a meeting of senior police officials, including Dayal, Maria and the Pune police commissioner Gulabrao Pol, regarding investigations in the case.Joint commissioner of police Sanjeev Kumar Singhal told reporters that the Pune crime branch and the state anti-terrorism squad are working in coordination with the central agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15336742", "title": "Bangalore mob fury victim's mom is of 'dubious character', says women's panel chief", "text": "MANGALORE: For the second day in a row, Karnataka State Women's Commission chairperson C Manjula has deflected attention from the core issue of last week's brutal attack by Hindu Jagarana Vedike activists on revellers at the Morning Mist Home Stay here.On Wednesday, she made allegations against a victim's mother. She told reporters here on Wednesday: \"The mother of a victim was booked in an immoral trafficking case in 2009, but the case was dismissed due to of lack of evidence.\" On Tuesday, she'd said college girls shouldn't go to parties.She added: \"Programme organizers were not students. There are no receipts to prove the amount paid to the home stay owner. What was the need to bring innocent girls to this party?\" She even said the home stay was illegal and unauthorized. and asked why Mangalore City Corporation authorities and police hadn't taken action against its owner.\"The locals had informed police about illegal activities about eight months ago. The girls, who were classmates in PUC, had come to celebrate the birthday party not knowing about the venue. They were wearing college uniforms and later changed into clothes brought by the birthday girl,\" Manjula said.The commission is also looking into allegations of students being denied admission into their college. \"I've met the vice-chancellor of Mangalore University,\" she said.Manjula said she has spoken to two girls who were attacked and officials. \"The incident was a direct result of police inaction. Had police acted swiftly, the incident wouldn't have happened,\" she said. She suggested a senior police officer from outside the city should investigate the case.\"I request the government to book the accused and leaders of organisation, if involved, under the Goonda Act. Organisation leaders should check their members from taking the law into their hands,\" she added.Times view The state women's commission chief who went to Mangalore on a fact-finding mission into the home stay attack seems to be working overtime to find fault with victims rather than taking up their cause. If the chief's brief is to cloud the issue, she's doing a good job. But it would be better if she focused on helping the victims cope with the trauma and ensured the guilty are brought to book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15336499", "title": "Chinese food festival to tease taste buds in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: Foodies who frequent Chinese food joints in the city to hog on noodles and other delicacies can get ready to explore new cuisines at Oriental food festival ' Chanakya to China'. The 10-day food festival at Chanakya hotel is scheduled to start on August 3 and the food lovers can have a rollicking time lapping up oriental cuisines. The ambience at the fest will also be at par with Chinese culture and tradition.\"The month of sawan is over and people can now gorge on non-vegetarian items. The menu of the festival is very different from normal restaurant menu. The live noodle making counter will draw crowds as it would involve master chefs. To add to the ambience, pipe music will be played in the background. There will also be bamboo mats, chopsticks and salad bowls for the accompaniments on the dining table,\" said Dharambir Kumar, food and beverage manager at a press conference on Thursday.The dishes will be a mix of Chinese and Thai food. Executive chef Dhiren Sherpa said, \"The menu will have 50 varieties including starters, soups, main course and desserts ranging from Rs 125 to Rs 850. Some important mouthwatering delicacies that would be dished out include Tom Kha Soup, Chicken Dumpling Soup, Garlic chilly butter prawn, sliced lamb in sambal sauce, Thai style rice with fresh basil, pad Thai noodle, and Shanghai noodles. Lobsters and several sauces have been imported from abroad.\"Besides food there will be something more exciting for the guests. Sudhir Mishra, resident manager said, \"There will be a lucky draw where the winners could win a two-night stay at Chanakya BNR Hotel in Puri or a weekend stay at BNR Chanakya, Ranchi. Three chefs, experts in Chinese culinaries- Dhiren Sherpa, Hemlal Sharma and Sushil Chetri will dish out the delicacies at the event.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15334745", "title": "After Pune attack, cops scour bins for bombs in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Cops were seen rummaging through city's dustbins in busy markets and residential areas on Thursday in the wake of the serial bomb blasts in Pune a day before, one of which went off in a garbage dump. Visitors going to markets, besides people living in various localities were surprised to see policemen in uniform inspecting dustbins, while searching for any explosives hidden there. The first of its kind 'operation' was conducted following instructions from senior police officials hours after the Pune blasts.Police teams headed by inspector rank officials went about the job of looking for any bombs bare-handed, not even bothering with bomb disposal equipment.Rakesh Tuneja, a local trader in Sector 34, said, \"It was strange sight, seeing policemen searching dustbins in the market.\" Sudhir Kashyap, a resident of Sector 41 said, \"It is the civic body employees who clear dustbins, but Thursday saw cops checking bins.\"Inspector Kirpal Singh, SHO of the Sector 34 police station, said they had strict instructions to check every possible place that explosives could be hidden in, even dustbins.The dustbins were searched in busy markets including sectors 8, 17, 26, 34 and 35. Garbage dumps in residential areas too were searched.Inspector Bhupinder Singh said, \"We have also told the MC employees to carefully pick trash from dustbins.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15337837", "title": "Indian prisoners languish in Pakistan jails", "text": "MUMBAI: The matter over Indian prisoners held in Pakistani jails is gathering steam. Another citizen Jatinderpal Singh is believed to be confined in Central Jail, Lahore. His father Harjinder Singh has sought the help of Pakistani lawyer Awais Sheikh to secure the freedom of his only son.The last he knew was that in 2007, Jatinder went to Lebanon with a recruiting agent who had promised to get him a job in that country.His whereabouts remained untraceable until his father learnt from his own sources that Jatinder was lodged in Kot Lakhpat jail, Lahore , since four years. It is a mystery how he managed to reach Pakistan. Harjinder has given Sheikh power of attorney to fight his case, a letter for the Indian high commission in Islamabad and a copy of the FIR registered in Kapurthala over his son's disappearance in 2007.Sheikh plans to petition the home secretary of Punjab province in Pakistan seeking to meet Jatinder in jail. He will then approach the IG (Prisons) seeking details of the case. The matter of prisoner of war (POW) flight lieutenant Tanmay Singh Dandas also hangs in the balance. During the Indo-Pak war of 1971, Pakistani forces shot down the defence personnel's plane over Sargodha City and took him alive.Dandas's family believes he is lodged in some prison in the Punjab. Lawyer Awais Sheikh has requested the IG (Prisons) to confirm his presence in jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332668", "title": "Faulty CCTV cameras leave cops in a fix", "text": "MUMBAI: A Dadar police officer visited the Bandra-Worli Sea Link (BWSL) to get closed circuit television (CCTV) footage to show Raj Travels managing director Lalit Sheth jumping to death on Wednesday. However, he was shocked to learn that three CCTV cameras were \"malfunctional\" and the other three between the Bandra and Worli ends of the link were \"non-functional\" for the past few days.The Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation Ltd handles maintenance of the cameras on the sea link. \"MSRDC officials told us it was impossible for them to repair and carry out maintenance of CCTV cameras during the monsoon. They claimed that technical experts were not ready to climb the towers to repair the cameras as it is windy during the monsoon,\" the police officer saidHe said, \"The officials also claimed that they would carry out maintenance only after the monsoon ends.\" The officer said, \"This is a serious issue, and if there is a terror strike at this sensitive point today, investigators will have a problem with no clues or any description of the terrorists.\" He pointed out that the quality of footage was also not good.MSRDC sources involved in maintaining the cameras, however, doubted if the businessman actually jumped off the link or from a point nearly Worli sea face. \"We agree that three of our cameras were not working, but the other three have not been able to show the car and businessman moving slowly or walking. Our security also alerts us about slow-moving cars and people walking on the link, but they didn't find anything. We keep repairing the cameras, but at a certain height, it is difficult to maintain them during the monsoon. We have started one of the non-functional ones, and two others will be restored soon,\" they added.The police said if they had been functional, Sheth would have been caught on camera. \"Of the six CCTV cameras, one captured something, but nothing is clear. Footage recovered from a camera at MSRDC's Bandra office showed a car stopped far away, but nothing is clear. The traffic police were also unaware about it,\" said the officer.Times View: State govt not seriousThe state government does not appear to be serious about its ambitious plans to have CCTVs for monitoring security and disciplining motorists. The government need to realize that mere installation does not achieve any results unless properly maintained and closely monitored. The fact that the CCTVs on the world class Bandra-Worli sea link are not functional speaks volumes about the seriousness of the government's plans. The government spent Rs 1600 crore on building the sea link but not much thought went into maintenance of CCTV. The authorities should be taken to task for their absurd reasoning that during monsoons it is difficult to maintain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15337132", "title": "What's trending in Mollywood?", "text": "It's hard to please the Malayali audience, let alone set trends. However, a few M-Town flicks have just managed to do that in the recent years.Popularising dialectsIt all started with Anwar Rasheed's Rajamanikyam, which made the Trivandrum slang a huge hit. \"The slang was not so popular till then. But when Mammootty portrayed it in a humorous way, it was well appreciated. Later, such characters became a hit,\" says Anwar. Ranjith's Pranchiyettan and The Saint followed. The movie had Mammootty as a businessman from Thrissur, who speaks with a typical Thrissur slang, which again was a major success.Fun with foodIt was Aashiq Abu's Salt N' Pepper that made dosa so popular. The movie introduced several new varieties of dosas as well. Actor Baburaj had recently shared that he had inaugurated six restaurants named after the movie all over the state. Not many knew what Sulaimani chai (lemon tea) was until Anwar Rasheed presented it in Ustad Hotel. The tea, which is a speciality of the Malabar region, is now popular all over the state. \"Many shared that after watching the movie they felt like tasting Sulaimani. I also came to know from my friends that a restaurant called Ustad Hotel will soon be opening on Calicut beach,\" says Anwar.Destination GaviThanks to Sugeeth's Ordinary, Gavi, a tiny yet picturesque village in Pathanamthitta became a popular tourist spot. The place had to be closed for tourists for a while owing to the rush.Paruda clanVineeth Sreenivasan's Thattathin Marayathu created quite a hype among young girls. \"I came to hear from a friend that while he went to watch the movie, he saw a huge gang of college students at the theatre all wearing thattam (veil),\" says Vineeth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15337641", "title": "Suri Cruise to attend private Chelsea school", "text": "Katie Holmes has enrolled her 6-year-old daughter Suri in a private school in Manhattan .According to Life and Style magazine, Avenues is a nearly 40,000 dollars-a-year private school, which is opening this fall in Manhattan.\"Katie has eagerly been telling Suri all about the lunchrooms, basketball courts and different activities Avenues offers. Suri's really excited about it,\" the New York Post quoted a source as telling the mag.At the 215,000-square-foot school, Suri will learn Spanish or Mandarin, along with the basics: reading, writing, math, science and music.The school overlooks the High Line and is just blocks from Holmes' Chelsea apartment.Avenues calls itself a \"world school\" and will have branches in China, India, Africa and Europe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "pune/new delhi", "code": "15331620", "title": "Bomb design flaw averted major tragedy in Pune", "text": "PUNE/NEW DELHI: Less than 24 hours after minor blasts rocked Pune, security experts on Thursday were stunned by evidence that the serial explosions were part of a full-blown terror attack, which providentially went awry, preventing mass casualties on the city's bustling Jangli Maharaj road.An official said a design flaw in the bombs caused them to explode partially and prevented the shrapnel from spreading.Without naming any group, a top home ministry official in New Delhi said there were \"credible leads\" pointing to a \"big plan\" by a terror outfit. \"Preliminary forensic result which is an outcome of the detailed examination of the two unexploded IEDs and nature of blasts shows that the bomb had all the ingredients to cause a much bigger impact and had the potential to take lives of many people.\"In Pune, police bomb experts who supervised dismantling of the devices also said the four bombs placed on Jangli Maharaj road on Wednesday evening exploded only partly. Had these and the two that were defused gone off fully, the damage caused would have been \"major\", they said.A bomb disposal officer, speaking on condition of anonymity, told TOI each bomb contained two or three detonators, a nine-volt battery, a circuit, a timer, ball bearings and a yellow sticky substance. \"The design of the bombs was faulty, due to which they did not explode fully. The bearings were by and large intact even in the devices that went off. Had the bombs exploded fully, the bearings could have injured several people,\" he said.The officer said at least five detonators did not explode. \"We defused these detonators at our office at Shivajinagar,\" he said. The expert said a sticky substance covered the detonators , batteries and bearings in each bomb. \"We have sent the substance to the state forensic laboratory for chemical analysis,\" he said. Police were probing whether the bombs contained ammonium nitrate, a powerful explosive. On Wednesday, police had said there were four blasts and one device had been defused before the timer could go off.Sources in New Delhi, meanwhile, said the manner in which digital wristwatches were used as timers and the detonator circuits along with the way bombs were kept on three newly-bought bicycles, one dustbin and two polythene bags were similar to the technique adopted by the banned terror group Indian Mujahideen. The terror outfit had adopted a similar modus operandi in the serial blasts in Lucknow, Faizabad and Varanasi in November, 2007 and in Jaipur in May, 2008.Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde and home secretary R K Singh, however, remained reticent about the horrific revelations. \"We have taken it very seriously,\" said Shinde, indicating that the low-intensity blasts were not being dismissed as a mere messaging by a terror group and the government was aware of a carefully-scripted plan.\"Since the blasts have taken place within an area of 500 metres and within a span of 45 minutes, it appears to be a coordinated act. I am sure there was a plan behind it,\" said home secretary R K Singh.Meanwhile, Pune police on Thursday identified the shop from where two of the three new bicycles were purchased by the terrorists. Officers said two men bought the bicycles from Soni Cycle Trading Company at Phadke Haud, Budhwar Peth, around 11am on Wednesday, about eight hours before the first bomb went off. The police have questioned the owner of the shop, his brother and two employees and based on descriptions given by them, sketches of the two men have been prepared.The shop owner also told police the two men were speaking Gujarati. A senior police officer from the crime branch told TOI that the shop was traced with the help of serial numbers embossed on the bicycles. \"We searched several bicycle shops in the Phadke Haud area,\" an officer said.The officer said police have also taken CCTV footage from a firecracker shop in Shaniwar Peth. \"The shop owner has installed a high-resolution camera at his shop. The camera is facing the road. We are suspecting that the duo may have used the road in front of the shop.\"Meanwhile, police are still questioning Dayanand Patil, the man injured in first of the blasts at Balgandharva chowk. Cops also questioned his wife, Satyakala, in Pune and recorded her statement. Police said Patil had visited either Jordan or Dubai in 2003. They have seized his passport and are trying to ascertain the reason for his visit abroad. Police refused to say whether he was being seen as a suspect in the blasts. Patil works as a tailor at a laundry on Shirole road, a few metres from Balgandharva chowk. He lives in Urulikanchan, 20 km from the city, with his wife and three-year-old daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15332952", "title": "Life term for 'Cyanide' Mallika", "text": "BANGALORE: A division bench headed by Justice D V Shylendra Kumar on Thursday modified the sentence of a lower court and imposed life sentence and a cost of Rs 10,000 on woman serial killer Cyanide Mallika. The bench observed the case is not one of the \"rarest of rare\" to attract the maximum capital punishment. It also said there were several shortcomings on the part of investigating police.Mallika had been given the death sentence by a fast track court in Tumkur in May 2009 for the murder of Muniyamma, a singer at Siddalingeshwara temple in Yediyur. Mallika, who had several aliases such as Lakshmi, Savithramma, Jayamma and Shivamogga Kempamma was also awarded the death penalty for murdering Nagaveni in Doddaballapur. Four similar cases are pending against her.Mallika, 47, is perhaps one of the most cold-blooded serial killers in recent times. She poisoned six women to death in November 2007. She'd loiter around temples and befriend female devotees, only to steal from them and kill them using cyanide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15333120", "title": "Fungus-infested IV fluid given to pregnant woman", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The district medical authorities have decided to send the fungus contaminated intravenous (IV) fluid which was allegedly administered to a pregnant woman on Tuesday to the Regional Analytical Laboratory for detailed chemical examination.The relatives of Jazira, from Nallalam, who was admitted to the Women and Children's Hospital at Kottaparamba had noticed sediments in the IV fluid, which was purchased from a nearby Neethi medical store. The hospital authorities who stopped the administration of the fluid on receiving the complaint seized three more bottles of the fluid from the medical store, which belonged to the same batch.The patient later complained of swelling below the eyes and itching on the skin and was admitted to the Institute of Maternity and Child Health (IMCH) at the Kozhikode Medical College last night. The condition of the patient is said to be stable.District medical officer, Dr P K Mohanan said that the sample collected from the IV fluid pack will be send to examination on Friday. \"The department will take strict action if the fluid is contaminated,\" he said.Dr Venugopal, superintendent of the Kottaparamba hospital, said the IV pack was manufactured by a company-based in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15336333", "title": "Students, industrialists join Anna's campaign in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: Anna Hazare's movement against corruption is gaining momentum. Scores of people from different castes, creed, religion and ages came forward to extend support to him.Provincial Industries Association supported social activist Anna Hazare . Senior member of PIA Aul Seth sat on dharna in support of Hazare at Gandhi Pratima in Phoolbagh.The industralists raised slogans against corruption, stating that it was time to save the country from the clutches of corrupt politicians. Students from Indian Institute of Technology, Hartcourt Butler Technological Institute, CSMU and various other management and engineering institutes took part in the dharna.A student said: \"To support to Anna, we have opened a campaign on Facebook, where people are adding up for the cause.\" A signature campaign was organised by an NGO in the city which received an overwhelming response.Hundreds of people had signed and written slogans on the banner that was put up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15337172", "title": "Seven die in road accidents in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: Seven persons died in road accidents in different districts of the region. Collision between two cars near Katka, under Kachhwa police in Mirzapur, led to killing of four persons of a family, including a woman and a girl while several others sustained serious injuries on Wednesday afternoon.Mahendra Shukla (30), a native of Orderly Bazaar, his mother Rajeshwari, brother Virendra (22) and his wife Madhvi (20), Ravi Shukla (18) and daughter Divyanshi (4) was heading towards Vindhyachal to offer prayers in a car. When they were passing through Katka, a car heading towards Varanasi, carrying seven persons, collided with their vehicle head-on.Mahendra, Virendra, Rajeshwari and Madhvi died on the spot while seriously injured Divyanshi and Ravi were rushed to Mirzapur district hospital. The passengers of other car also suffered injuries. They were rushed to a hospital in Varanasi. In Varanasi, Kamlesh Rajbhar (40), a labourer residing in Soyepur, died after coming under the wheels of a tractor near Chandmari, under the limits of Shivpur police, on Wednesday.Kamlesh was employed at a workshop owned by Mangal Yadav in Shivpur. On Wednesday morning, he was heading towards his workplace on his bicycle when the incident occurred. He died on the spot. The driver of tractor fled, abandoning the vehicle. The local natives and traders blocked the road and staged a demonstration.On Tuesday night, two persons died, when a speeding truck hit their motorcycle under a flyover in Pandeypur. Babulal of Kachhwa Bazaar and Pradeep Chand Yadav of Mau district, were residing in a rented room at Nai Basti in Pandeypur area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332739", "title": "Sancheti, Shah get witness summons", "text": "MUMBAI: The Adarsh commission has issued summons to Abhay Sancheti, a partner in San Finance Corporation, Kolhapur-based builder Umesh Shinde and Pune builder Jayant Shah to appear as witnesses in the inquiry proceedings. Sancheti and Shinde are under the scanner for the unsecured loans they extended to persons to buy flats in Adarsh. Shah's son Malav Shah reportedly gave a loan of Rs 65.05 lakh to Ashok Chavan's mother-in-law Bhagwati Sharma and Rs 70.51 lakh to the former chief minister's relative Madanlal Sharma. The commission comprising Justice (retired) J A Patil and member P Subrahmanyam have also issued witness summons to ICICI Bank, Nagpur over the loans it had sanctioned for many Adarsh members.Commission's secretary N Kumbhar confirmed that the summons had been issued. While Abhay has already filed his affidavit, Shah and ICICI bank have to file their affidavits on August 4, and Shinde has to submit his affidavit on August 9.In his affidavit, Abhay said that SFC had extended loans to 10 Adarsh members, including his son Paramveer Sancheti. The other partner in SFC is BJP Rajya sabha MP Ajay Sancheti.The commission is inquiring into the nature of the loans, in the background of allegation of benami flats. TOI had reported how many of the flats were adjacent to each other. Shinde, the chairman of Vidyapeeth Society and runs Raj Devendra Construction Ltd, has given loans of Rs 38 lakh each to two teachers-Vishwas Chougule and Raghunath Bhosale-who work in his educational institution to buy flats in Adarsh. Both Chougule and Bhosale gave Shinde's residence as their c/o addresses in their documents and were allotted adjacent flats in the controversial building.Shah's son Malav had borrowed Rs 10.95 lakh from him to buy a flat in Adarsh. But Malav himself extended loans to Chavan's relatives. Shah is also alleged to have loaned over Rs 70 lakh to former Congress MLC and accused in the case, Kanhaiyalal Gidwani and his family.In many cases, Adarsh members who had secured the loans had claimed that they had not given any security for the huge loans. On Wednesday, the commission pointedly asked Chougule: \"Is it correct to say that the flat has been bought by Shinde in your name?\" However, Chougule denied it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "15332438", "title": "Forensic experts try to tie the loose ends", "text": "NELLORE: The forensic experts are digging deep into the mystery behind the fire mishap in Tamil Nadu Express which claimed 28 lives four days ago. The forensic team visited the gutted S-11 coach for the third consecutive day on Thursday and collected burnt particles from the bogie for further analysis.The forensic scientists, who initially claimed that they did not find any evidence to support the sabotage angle are still wracking their brains to find the exact cause of the blaze. After ruling out the blast aspect, the forensic team thought that short-circuit could have been the reason for the fire in the coach and felt the gusty winds might have helped the flames to spread rapidly through the entire coach. However, the team decided to have a relook into the whole investigation following some observations made by the electric engineers' team from the railways who insisted that all the electrical fittings were intact before the fire.To take the investigation forward, the forensic team is now trying to unravel the missing links that could establish the cause of the devastating fire.A forensic official said the TN Express passed through Nellore station at around 4.18 am and the station master Shajahan had said that he did not notice any smoke or fire at that time. It meant that the fire might have started at around 4.20 am or 4.22 am. The experts are wondering how the entire coach was gutted in just 20 minutes. They suspect that the fire must have begun much earlier and the station staff at Nellore and level crossing might not have noticed it. \"Finding the exact time of the fire could provide vital clues to unravel the mystery,\" an official said.Some passengers said they had heard blast sounds when the fire started. But if there was a blast, why didn't any part of the coach break into pieces or the bodies dismembered is the question doing the rounds. The forensic officials suspect that it could be a lesser impact blast which spread only fire and flames but did not explode. \"A deeper chemical analysis of body parts and ash remains from the coach could establish the presence of any explosive material,\" he said.Some passengers said that there was a thick smoke before the fire. Even the doctors who performed autopsy on the bodies said that the deaths took place due to asphyxiation. The experts are figuring out whether the coir from the berths caused the smoke or was there any other poisonous gas. The survivors had claimed that they found sparks from the electrical fittings. \"If there was a short-circuit in power supply, how did it turn into an inferno which gutted the coach in no time,\" a senior expert said.Also, most casualties took place between berth Nos 45-58. That the fire had emanated from the centre of the coach is still a big mystery. The forensic team is probing whether inflammable substances like petrol were carried by the unreserved passengers. \"If the flames began at the centre of the bogie, it's shocking that passengers from both the corners of the coach had also died,\" he said.The coach was inspected at the coach factory four months ago. \"In that case why did the doors of the coach got jammed at the time of the mishap,\" the experts asked.The forensic team had recovered some batteries in the coach and figuring out whether the batteries had any link to the fire or explosion in the coach. They are also studying if they belong to the laptops or mobiles of passengers.\"If the flames spread in the opposite direction, it could be a sabotage as the perpetrators took position to escape from the fire,\" an official reasoned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "coimbatorestrap ", "code": "15333295", "title": "Jumbo ride at Chadivayal soon", "text": "COIMBATOREStrap : With the recent Supreme Court ban on tourism-related activities within core areas of tiger reserves, the Chadivayal elephant camp at the foothills of Siruvani in Coimbatore has become the only camp still operating in the state. Tourism activities including the elephant safari have come to a standstill in the other two camps in the state, Theppakadu in Mudumalai tiger reserve and Topslip in Anamalai tiger reserve, following the court order.With the ban on elephant safaris in both Theppakadu and Topslip, forest authorities are facing mounting pressure to use the two available kumkhi elephants at Chadivayal to conduct safaris. They are in the process of making more kumkhis available at the camp to facilitate jumbo rides. The camp started its operations only last month, hoping to make kumkhis available to chase away wild elephant herds that stray into human settlements in the Chadivayal-Thondamuthur region. As the camp is located close to Kovai Coutrallam Water Falls and the picturesque Siruvani Hills, the government had mooted the idea of elephant safari at Chadivayal.When contacted, district forest officer V Thirunavukarasu said that the elephant safari would be activated in another two months. \"Kumkhi elephants Nanjan and Pari are slowly adapting to their new abode. They were transferred from the Top Slip hill station to the plains and are being trained to take on their new responsibilities,'' he said.Forest officials have started creating the route for the safari without damaging the fragile ecosystem of the region. \"Environmental protection and safety of tourists are two important concerns. Tourism must not endanger the local ecological balance. The route for the safari must be away from the normal paths of animals, especially outside the traditional migratory paths of elephant herds. We also want to make sure tourists don't get trapped in front of elephant herds that frequent farm lands,'' said Thirunavukarasu.Only recently, Kovai Coutrallam water falls was reopened for public viewing. We are strictly against tourists causing disturbance to forest areas. There is a strict ban on littering the tourist spot with plastics and other garbage. The safari will also be conducted in an eco-friendly way,'' he said.\"Just 18 km from the heart of the city, the kumkis at the camp offer a wonderful opportunity to those who wish to view the forests surrounding Kovai Coutralam on elephant back. Hope the safari would be available for tourists very soon given that similar facilities in Top Slip and Muthumalai have come to a standstill,'' says Sharmila Mani, a senior executive with a top hotel in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15333918", "title": "Jilted lover gives cops the jitters", "text": "NAGPUR: City police's crime branch on Thursday arrested a man, in his twenties, for allegedly calling up a senior police officer and a politician furnishing fake information about an accident that did not happen and a possible blast that would rock the city apart from linking a respectable family to terrorist activities. The man, later identified as Kshitij Gupta from Bajeria, turned out to be jilted lover who wanted revenge.Kshitij had called up city congress president Jaiprakash Gupta twice on Thursday, first at 8.34am, from a landline informing about presence of one 'Nair' in the city who is linked to the terrorist module of Indian Mujahideen (IM) that he claimed had triggered bomb blasts in Pune the night before. Apart from warning against similar blasts in city, Kshitij also requested Gupta for the phone numbers of Union and state home ministers and state chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.Gupta received another call from Kshitij at 12.30 pm. Gupta had already alerted city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay who activated crime branch team that had cracked the earlier two cases of threatening calls. Kshitij, it is learnt, also made calls to the residence of Union home minister and state chief minister but failed to get any response from them.In the meantime, crime branch team under senior police inspector Madhao Giri was already investigating the calls which superintendent of police, Wardha, Avinash Kumar had received from city. The caller, later identified as Kshitij, had informed the SP that one 'Viraj Nair' had dumped body of a woman in the jungle after she got killed in an accident. Kshitij also claimed that the Nairs from Bharat Nagar were linked to terrorists.Giri's team initially thought it handiwork of some mischief-monger but the blast related calls prompted them into serious action. The Nairs were questioned about their enmities with anyone. It came to fore that Kshitij's former girlfriend is now close to Nair's son who is an engineer and works at Warora. It turned out that Kshitij had planned the calls enraged by the lost love.An offence has been registered at Ganeshpeth police station. Apart from Kshitij, police are also set to book the shop owner who provided him the SIM card using which he made the calls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15336628", "title": "Ranchiites celebrate Raksha Bandhan with fervour", "text": "RANCHI: As kids, Gudia (16) and Khushi (12) had no brothers to celebrate raksha bandhan, however, to mark the day, the two girls had been tying a sacred thread on the wrist of boarders residing in a nearby boys' lodge for the last 10 years. Every year, the boarders in the lodge have kept changing but Gudia and Khushi makes it a point to visit the lodge every raksha bandhan to celebrate the day with their newfound brothersTill date the sisters have tied Rakhi to more than hundred boys in the lodge. Gudia said, \"The bhaiyas have all been very sweet to me. I also understand that once they leave the city it is difficult for them to come back.\"On Thursday, a mood of festivity descended on the city as almost every boy was seen sporting colourful and fancy rakhis on their wrists on Raksha Bandhan. Girls and women, decked up in bright dresses and saris prayed for the long life of their brothers and celebrated the chaste bond of love between brothers and sisters.Anchal Shishu Ashram, a home for the orphans, also marked the day with celebrations and exchange of gifts. Ankita, a five year old said, \"I have been waiting for this day since our teachers told us about rakshabandhan. I tied Rakhi to Mahesh who is my best friend and from this day he is my brother.\"Mahesh, 8, said, \"Ankita is now my sister. I had no family but from today, Ankita is my family and I will always stand by her.\"At many city hang outs and coaching institutes the trend of 'walk-in brothers' and 'surprise sisters' was observed as the girls were seen popping out of nowhere and tying rakhis on wrists of boys randomly. Pragya, who was tying rakhis on the wrist of random passersby at Circular Road, with her friends, said, \"With increasing cases of eve teasing, I think the best way of protecting oneself is making the boys our brothers. Hopefully out of shame, they will not hoot or pass comment at us when we pass by them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15333524", "title": "Deficient monsoon a certainty this year: IMD", "text": "PUNE: The country will end up with a deficient monsoon this year, the India Meteorological Department (IMD) confirmed on Thursday.A drought-like situation looms large, especially towards September when the El Nino conditions are likely to have an adverse impact on the rainfall over the country, the IMD's forecast for the season's second half (August-September) stated. El Nino refers to an unusual warming of the ocean surface around equatorial pacific. The phenomenon is often associated with bad southwest monsoon in India.The IMD has forecast a 62% probability of the country's rainfall for August and September to be below normal i.e., less than 94% of the long period average (LPA), and a 33% probability of near normal rainfall (94%-106% LPA). Quantitatively, the rainfall for the country as a whole during this period is likely to be 91% of the LPA with a model error of 8%, the forecast stated.India's LPA (1951-2000) for the entire four month season is 89 cm while that for the second half is 43.5 cm.Already, the country has finished with a 19% rainfall deficiency for the first two months (June-July) of the season. \"Our second half forecast is pointing to a deficient monsoon this year as a rainfall of anything less than 90% for the season is considered as deficient,\" IMD's lead forecaster D S Pai told TOI here on Thursday.Pai, however, said the situation is expected be better than 2009 when the country faced one of the worst droughts in recent years with a rainfall deficiency of 22%. This is mainly because of the prediction that the August rainfall will be normal at 96% of the long period averageLPA, as was forecast in June. However, it is the September rainfall which is expected to cause concern.In its first long range forecast (LRF), released in April, the IMD had predicted 99% of the LPA rainfall for the country as a whole. The same was later revised to 96% of LPA in the second LRF issued on June 22. Against this, the country received only 81% of LPA for the first two months.\"El Nino conditions are building up in the equatorial Pacific with sea surface temperature anomalies of 0.5 to 0.7 degrees Celsius observed over much of east equatorial Pacific during the recent two weeks. The latest forecast from a majority of the statistical and dynamical models indicate 65% probability of weak to moderate El Nino conditions to emerge in the next two months,\" the forecast stated. \"This will adversely impact the rainfall over the country in the second half, it added.Referring to the deficient rainfall in the first two months, Pai said, \"In recent years, the July rainfall has shown a decrease whereas the August rainfall has shown a positive increase. The kind of spell we witnessed in the last two to three days of July is what we were expecting to happen in the middle of July. However, this did not happen due to the intra seasonal patterns, stuck in the Indian ocean , which did not allow the monsoon to establish.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15333647", "title": "Huge fund, less time to test UP CM's business sense", "text": "LUCKNOW: A huge budget to spend in almost six months and the rains of promises made by the Centre to ensure a steady flow of fund for the development of UP, the Akhilesh Yadav government seems to be facing problems of plenty this year.This poses a severe challenge to Akhilesh Yadav, who being the youngest chief minister of the state, represents a generational change and raises hopes for the betterment, especially of the younger lot.Challenges for Akhilesh, who also holds the finance portfolio are manifold. Saddled with the legacy of the Samajwadi Party , his political compulsion is to make a precarious balance between the old and the new. And indeed this is not easy, if viewed in the backdrop of development in which party's old Muslim face and urban development minister Mohammed Azam Khan had shown his open antagonism over his removal as in charge of Meerut and offered to even quit as minister.But these odds apart, performance is critical to Akhilesh Yadav and his political prowess that will be eventually come under test once again in the next general elections, which, according to political pundits, might be advanced by a year in 2013 instead of the scheduled 2014.The biggest challenge before him perhaps is to make optimum utilisation of his huge budget, which has crossed Rs 2 lakh crore mark for the first time in the state. To be exactly, the present size of the budget is Rs 2,00,110.61 crore and this might even become fatter in the final estimate. This is because the government might go in for at least one more supplementary budget to fund its revenue-oriented schemes like unemployment allowance, laptops and tablet PCs to students for which financial estimates are yet under revision. The revision might yet take one more month and only then the sanctions will be issued.This means that the development fund would be made available for spending only in September. But then another hurdle is the monsoon season, which will further delay the process. So, the actual work on ground is expected to commence not before October and this too is possible only when the roadmap and necessary homework are done in advance for the implementation of all the budgeted proposals.Thus, the government is practically left with six months till March 31, which will mark the end of current financial year. So, it is a race against time for the government to make use of this huge fund. And if the past record is any indication, then optimum utilisation of such a huge budget in just six months seems to be a distant possibility. Sample this: In the previous two years, the state could utilise only Rs 41,000 crore as against the plan size of Rs 42,000 crore in 2010-11 and Rs 45,153 crore against the plan size of Rs 47,000 crore in 2011-12. The unutilised fund in these years was thus lapsed. This was the situation when the state's annual budget was passed well before the beginning of the each financial year in the month of March itself. This means the fund was available for spending since April itself and thus the government had full one year to make use of the budget.But this time the case is just the opposite. The budget was passed in the month of June and then ten days were lapsed in completing the necessary formalities, including the obtaining the consent of the Raj Bhavan. More so, the current plan size is fixed at Rs 57,800 crore, which shows an increase of 23% over the last year. And it is yet to be made available, as the sanctions in most of the schemes have so far been withheld for want of exact estimation of their fund requirement. Apart from this, there is no dearth of fund. This year the plan size contains a higher dose of central assistance, which is netted at Rs 9,200 crore as against that of Rs 5,500 crore of last year. In addition to this, the Centre has also agreed to give special one time grant of Rs 800 crore for the Kumbh Mela, slated to be held next year.Further, the government treasury also hopes to gain by the liberal assistance promised by the Centre other than the plan size for the development of UP. A net demand for Rs 91,000 core was raised by the CM though his 38 letters written in three months to the Centre. The exercise brought him a cheer with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh promising to give an assistance of around Rs 50,000 crore at a meeting attended among others by Planning Commission chairman, Montek Singh Ahluwalia last month in Delhi. This way, the state will have fund in plenty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15332995", "title": "At Jama, they come to fast &amp; feast", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nothing about the streets of the Walled City appears different - rickshaw-drivers whizz by with their fingers never leaving the bell, hundreds of people try to make their way through the narrow alleys, and signs of the famous food are everywhere. But the chaos seems magnified in the lane leading up to Jama Masjid. There's about 20 minutes before iftaar, when Muslims open their roza.Vendors line the streets with everything they could possibly need - cut pineapple with spices, fresh chana chaat, chilled water bottles, and of course, the ubiquitous dates. And at every corner there is somebody furiously frying mixed vegetables, or grilling meats on a tandoor for a growing band of customers.As you walk up the stairs of the mosque, there's an air of festivity that's hard to ignore. Much of the space in the courtyard is filled with families and friends sitting in groups, and the more impatient children running around playing games, as they wait for the muezzin's call. At each group is the evening meal spread nicely on mats for them to dig into.There's barely ten minutes to go, but it's too long a wait for 10-year-old Safina, who tries to pick a piece of papaya from the fruit salad her mother is still preparing. \"It's my first roza,\" she explains sheepishly, as her mother brushes off her hand.Mohammed Nazeem, who is here from Mumbai with eight friends, says he had to visit the mosque before he left. \"We've been here since 5pm, and the atmosphere is beautiful. It's my first time in Delhi, and I'm glad I came,\" he says. His friends and he have already set up their evening meal - a smorgasbord of crisp jalebis, dates, chopped pears and bananas, and fried snacks on one newspaper sheet.One loud bang at 7.15pm, quickly followed by another, signals the end of the fast, and people begin to eat their meals with the azaan resonating through the mosque. This is when scavengers are at their most active, as they go from group to group holding out plastic bags. \"We're here to ask for iftaari,\" says 10-year-old Rubina. She doesn't keep the roza, but makes it to the mosque everyday to collect enough for a decent meal.Within minutes, the men walk towards the inside of the mosque for the evening namaz, while the women go to a separate enclosure, or stay where they are. As people start to trickle out of the mosque, many people waiting on the stairs hope to open their roza with what they may give them. \"People are kind, and do give us something to eat so we can open our fast also. Somebody gave me a few dates today,\" says Begum, who lives with her two daughters near the mosque's gate number two, under a sheet of black plastic.The mosque begins to clear out soon - it's a weekday - as people get ready to carry on with the rest of their evening. But come tomorrow, and it will undoubtedly be as crowded, as festive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15334468", "title": "Trawler gets beached at Velsao", "text": "PANAJI: A fishing trawler was stranded at Velsao beach at 1pm on Thursday when it developed engine problems and drifted on to the beach near Horizon hotel.No damage was reported to the vessel and the crew too is safe. Sources said the trawler has no name or registration number painted on it but that it is owned by a person from Benaulim.A fisheries department official said that the coast guard and coastal police were contacted to help out in pulling the vessel, but the coast guard expressed helplessness and said its vessel cannot enter the shallow area. Sources said that even the coastal police do not have any machinery to tug it out and that it may be possible to drag the trawler away during high tide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15336589", "title": "Jharkhand electricity commission approves 16% hike in power tariff", "text": "RANCHI: An urban domestic consumer who used to pay Rs 550 per month for consuming 250 units of power would have to now pay Rs 685 per month from the end of August. Reason: The Jharkhand State Electricity Regulatory Commission (JSERC) has approved the new tariff petition on Thursday. The new tariff order for Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) for the 2012-13 financial year was approved by the Commission with an average increase of 16% in the rates than the previous year. This has been made effective from August 1, 2012.The increase ranges between five paise and 80 paise per unit of electricity consumed for different categories of consumers which is likely to generate an additional revenue of Rs 448.30 crore for the JSEB during the financial year. While the increase is 50 paise for urban domestic consumers who now have to pay at the rate of Rs 2.40 per unit of electricity consumed up to 200 units and at the rate of Rs 2.90 per unit consumed above that. Small commercial establishments categorized as non-domestic service (NDS-II) would have to pay 45 paise extra whereas the Commission has approved proposal of the Board to introduce a new category for advertisements and hoarding as NDS-III. This category of consumer has to cough up the maximum rate of Rs 6 per unit consumed.In terms of maximum hike consumers in low tension industries and medium power service category (LTIS) have been burdened most with increase of 80 paise per unit of electricity consumed. The rates for high tension consumers, street light services and railway traction services have also gone up by 50 paise and 60 paise per unit respectively.Releasing the new tariff order JSERC chairperson Mukhtayar Singh said the JSEB had been directed to improve upon its services and bring down the transmission and distribution losses. \"The Board claimed T&D; losses at 31% but the Commission cannot pass on the onus of Board's inefficiency to consumers. So the T&D; losses have been estimated at 18%,\" he said.Taking cognizance of the accidental deaths occurring in different parts of the state because of electrocution, the Commission has directed the Board to abide by the safety norms of Central Electricity Act, 1956 and report to the Commission periodically about steps taken. The Commission has disallowed the Board to issue any new connection without meter and also asked it to submit a report on category wise defective/ burnt / non-performing meters and action plan for their replacement. The Commission has also asked JSEB to pay interest at the rate of 6% on security deposits to the consumers failing which penalty is to be levied on the Board while deciding the next tariff petition.Clarifying on the reasons for accepting slight increase in the tariff, Singh said there had been 7% increase in coal prices, 16% increase in rates of furnace oil and light diesel used in the power plants and whooping 77% increase in employee cost because of enforcement of provisions of Sixth Pay Commission. \"Power purchase cost has increased by 39% over previous year whereas inflation of 10% is also adding to the costing of power production,\" he said.Announcing relief to rural drinking water schemes, the Commission has shifted their category from commercial to domestic and the rates are to be fixed according to wattage of the motor pump being used for water supply that are managed through panchayat or cooperatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15334746", "title": "Battle against TB runs into diabetes hurdle", "text": "CHENNAI: Healthcare workers fighting to control tuberculosis face a new challenge : diabetes in TB patients. Studies have found that nearly half the number of patients registered for treatment of infectious tuberculosis in Chennai and neighbouring districts are diabetic. Doctors say diabetes in TB patients will not only make treatment difficult, but make tuberculosis prevention a challenging task.A team of researchers at MV Hospital for Diabetes screened 827 tuberculosis patients registered under the Revised National Tuberculosis Control Programme (RNTCP) for treatment in Chennai, Tiruvallur and Kancheepuram primary health centres between January and March 2011. The study was published in PLos One, a peer reviewed medical journal. Though TB primary affects the lungs, in some people it may affect the spine, kidney or brain.The study found that one in two TB patients had diabetes or was in the pre-diabetes stage. What doctors found more dangerous was that nearly 50% of those with diabetes and tuberculosis had infectious tuberculosis. \"Such patients respond slow to drugs. Unless we cure them, we will not be able to prevent the spread. That's like a time bomb,\" said MV Hospital chairman Dr Vijay Vishwanathan. It can be deadly, if the person has drug resistance. The growing number of diabetics in India poses a bigger challenge, he said. In June, a research from Copenhagen showed a diabetic is four times more likely to get TB than a healthy person. A diabetic faces five times more risk of death during tuberculosis treatment. REACH director Dr Nalini Krishnan said TB -diabetes could be more dangerous than HIV. \"The number of people with diabetes big. If we don't handle the problem now, the situation can be deadly,\" she said.According to the union health ministry, 40% of Indians are carriers of TB. In 2009, out of the 9.4 million TB cases across the globe, there were 2 million from India. Studies on diabetes have shown 10% of people across India could be diabetic and in cities like Chennai it could be 20%. \"It's now time for us to develop combined treatment plans for patients with diabetes and tuberculosis. This should aim and early diagnosis and treatment,\" said Dr Vijay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15337010", "title": "Karnataka Rajya Raitha Sangha rivals spar over Reddy links", "text": "MYSORE: Two farmer leaders are engaged in a war of words over the issue of meeting jailed Bellary mining baron and BJP leader G Janaradhana Reddy in a jail.The exchange between the leaders of the two factions of Karnataka Rajya Raitha Sangha (KRRS) reached high decibel levels on Thursday with each accusing the other of accepting money from mining barons and industrialists for their elections.At a press meet, green brigade and KRRS state general secretary Badgalapura Nagendra dubbed KRRS rival faction leader Kodihalli Chandrashekar's claims of he being a farmers leaders as \" farce\" and said Chandrashekar owes an answer to state farmers on he meeting Reddy in jail in last March. He charged that while Chandrashekar threatens to wage a war against Bellary Reddy brothers on Bellary airport issue vis-a-vis the acquisition of land, he also clandestinely meets Reddy.Nagendra said all claims of Chandrashekar being a principled man are \"false and bogus\". \"Such leaders will bring bad name to farming community\" he alleged. However, Chandrashekar refuted the charges of KRRS leaders of Puttannaiah faction and said there is nothing to read between the lines of he meeting Janardhan Reddy.\"It is a fact that I met Reddy in jail, but it was at the behest of party leaders who wanted to have a broader platform for the regional outfits like KRRS and BSR Congress floated by Sriramulu,\" he clarified and said nobody can question his credentials as farmers leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "15333201", "title": "An electronic nose that can smell cancer tumour", "text": "MELBOURNE: A breath test using an electronic nose can help detect a cancerous tumour in its early stages, Australian researchers have claimed. The life saving move, they said uses an e-nose to help diagnose malignant mesothelioma in its early stages.A study done at the University of New South Wales conducting a non-invasive test, to design a device which would help distinguish between benign and malignant disease and detect.\"If you catch it earlier your chances of actually giving people the right treatment to stop it spreading are actually better,\" study team leader Deborah Yates, from UNSW's St Vincent's Clinical School said.\"We tried to exclude the other asbestos diseases because it's very important from a patient's point of view that you don't pick up something that is a benign asbestos disease, so that you don't diagnose them with something that's not actually a problem,\" Yates added.Asbestos-related disease affects thousands of people in Australia, which has one of the highest age-specific rates of mesothelioma in the world. Malignant mesothelioma is a rare tumour that has been difficult to diagnose in its early stages. Globally, up to 20,000 people die each year as a result of the disease, the study says.The researchers analysed breath samples from 20 patients with malignant mesothelioma, along with 18 people with asbestos-related diseases and 42 control subjects in the study. In the findings, patients with malignant disease, asbestos-related diseases and control patients were correctly identified in 88% of cases. Conventional techniques for distinguishing between benign and malignant asbestos-related disease are inaccurate and invasive, researchers say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15334574", "title": "CME prog on kidney transplant", "text": "The education cell of Goa medical college (GMC), Bambolim, along with GMC's department of nephrology, will organize a continuous medical education (CME) programme on kidney transplant on August 3 from 3pm to 4pm in GMC's library auditorium. The faculty will be Dr Jai Prakash Ojha, president, Indian society of nephrology. The topic of the CME is 'Graft dysfunction in kidney transplant patient'. For details contact Dr J P Tiwari.Platinum Jubilee of SFX High School: The inaugural function of the platinum jubilee celebrations of St Francis Xavier's High School, Siolim, will be held on August 3, at 9am, at the school hall. Minister for art and culture and Siolim MLA Dayanand Mandrekar will release the 'jubilee logo' in the presence of Fr Vincent Lourduswamy - provincial of the Pune province, manager Fr Placido Pereira and headmaster Fr Santow John. Archbishop Filipe Neri Ferrao will preside over the Eucharistic celebration to be held at 10am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15333395", "title": "Yamuna e-way opens on Aug 9", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Conceived way back in 2001, Yamuna Expressway will finally be thrown open to the public on August 9. The 165km expressway will be inaugurated by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , the CM's office told the developer, Jaypee Group, on Wednesday.The Rs 11,000crore expressway \u2014 the country's longest six-laned access-controlled stretch\u2014 which has missed multiple deadlines, recently got the UP government's approval. According to sources, the chief minister will throw open the expressway by pressing the button from Lucknow. \"Due to prior engagements, the CM cannot make it to Greater Noida for the inauguration ceremony. He will do the honours from Lucknow,\" an official said.Meanwhile, the Jaypee Group has planned a grand affair for the opening, the details of which will be announced soon. Sources also said that three to four ministers from the state government and several dignitaries would be attending the inaugural function.Once operational, the high-speed expressway will connect Greater Noida with Agra slashing the travel time between the two locations from four hours to less than 100 minutes. Last month, the state government had already notified the speed limit of 100 kmph for cars and 60 kmph for heavy vehicles.According to a source, the proposed toll fee to be charged on the expressway has been vetted by the state law and finance departments. The final approval from the chief minister's office is expected to come on Friday well before the expressway is officially declared open. \"The CM's office has conveyed to us that we will receive a formal communication about the toll on August 3,\" said an official from the Jaypee Group.Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority (YEIDA) has proposed that the toll tax on light vehicles like cars and jeeps be fixed at Rs 2.10 per km, for medium heavy vehicles like minibuses at Rs 3.25 and for buses and trucks at Rs 6.60. For heavy vehicles, the proposed figure is Rs10.10 per km and for big heavy vehicles it is Rs 12.95 per km. The tax would be collected by the concessionaire for 36 years. At present, there are three toll tax plazas along the expressway \u2014 at Jewar, Mathura and Agra.The expressway has six interchanges, 70 vehicular underpasses, 41 minor bridges, 76 cart track underpasses and 183 culverts. There are SOS booths along the route besides a toll free helpline. To ensure commuters' safety, CCTV cameras have been installed at regular intervals.The project has witnessed many delays since it was conceived during the Mayawati regime in 2001. It was originally named Taj Expressway but the project couldn't take off because of a government change in 2003. The project was revived in 2007 and renamed Yamuna Expressway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15333714", "title": "UP asks mills to clear dues in 15 days", "text": "LUCKNOW: Following large-scale agitations by sugarcane farmers across the state, the UP government has assured them that it will take stringent steps to protect farmers' interests. The move follows a sit-in organised outside the cane commissioner's office on Tuesday this week, after which the government has now agreed to issue recovery notices against any sugar mill that does not settle cane arrears within the next 15 days. With farm payments delayed by nearly six months, the government, in a significant move to pacify and placate, has also said that no punitive action will be taken against any sugarcane farmers who have loans pending against them.According to the state's own estimate, there are, more than 40 lakh small and big sugarcane farmers in UP. As the biggest producer of sugarcane in the country, UP has 125 operational sugar mills and 168 UP Cooperative Cane Development Societies. So far, only 15 factories out of 125 have settled their dues.In yet another move to mollify agitating farmers, many of who threatened to lift sugar stocks if their dues were not paid, the government has also said that a farmer delegation will be allowed to voice its grievances before CM between August 7 and August 12.Tuesday's sit-in in Lucknow followed a string of similar protests by sugarcane farmers to galvanise the Samajwadi Party government into action. President of Kisan Jagriti Manch, Sudhir Panwar, said, \"Sugar mill owners have been demanding several policy concessions from the state government, including rebate on molasses quota and exemption of purchase taxes, among others thing in lieu of settling these payments. They also want to pressurise the state government into turning down demands for hiking fair and remunerative prices by sugarcane farmers.\"Apart from demanding policy concessions, sugar mill owners have also been demanding settlement of electricity dues from the state government. So far, the state has only settled around Rs 100 crore of the total Rs 600 crore that it owes to sugar mills as electricity dues.Till last week, the non-payment of dues was threatening to assume political overtones, with many farmer groups suggesting that the SP government had failed to protect farmers' interests despite calling them their \"biggest vote bank\". Earlier, the Supreme Court had ordered the UP government and sugar millers to settle cane arrears in three instalments - on May 7, June 7 and July 7 - to sugarcane farmers. tnnThe court also ruled that if the government and private mills failed to settle the arrears by July 7, 2012, the remaining amount would attract an additional interest of 16%. It has been nearly a month since the deadline, yet the farmers still have outstanding dues of nearly Rs 1,600 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "15333932", "title": "Man kills, buries mother-in-law's body", "text": "AKOLA: In a bizarre incident, a man brutally murdered his mother-in-law and buried her body in the backyard of the house to destroy evidence at village Shelwadi in Murtijapur tehsil.The matter came to light on Tuesday after some villagers noticed the hand that surfaced.Sairabi Shafruddin (56) was assaulted with sharp weapon and later her body was buried by digging a pit in the backyard of the house by her son-in-law Ahmad Shaikh.The assailant called Sairabi at his house for going to Ahmedabad where his wife and children are staying. However, he attacked and killed her on the spot.An offence of murder and destroying evidence under sections 302 and 201 of IPC was registered against the assailant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15337289", "title": "Seema Sharma, Uttam Khobragade to testify before Adarsh panel", "text": "MUMBAI: Former chief minister Ashok Chavan's sister-in-law Seema Sharma will testify before the Adarsh judicial commission as a witness in the case on Friday.Three of Chavan's relatives were allotted flat in Adarsh, Seema, his mother in law late mother in law Bhagvati Sharma and his father-in-law's brother Madanlal Sharma. Madanlal has already testified before the commission.In its charge sheet in the Adarsh case, Chavan is accused of taking decisions in favour of the society and his relatives being allotted the flats as quid-pro-quo. Investigations have revealed that Chavan had sought induction of civilian members for obtaining favour for his close relatives as his sister in law Seema Sharma had applied for membership in the society,'' the CBI said in its charge sheet. Two more relatives of Chavan were made members and allotted flats subsequently as quid pro quo.''The commission will also examined former BEST general manager Uttam Khobragade as a witness in the case on Friday. Khobragade's daughter Indian Foreign Service officer Devyani Khobragade was allotted a flat in Adarsh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15337220", "title": "Dileep's Nadodimannan wraps up Kochi schedule", "text": "Dileep's Nadodimannan has wrapped up its Kochi schedule on Wednesday and now will move on to Thiruvananthapuram during the first week of September to can the film.Its scriptwriter Krishna Poojappura tells us, \"We had shot for two weeks and have completed filming all the song sequences during this schedule.\"The flick has Dileep playing an youth who accidentally gets tangled in politics and ends up becoming the Mayor of the city. The film also stars Ananya, Mythili and Archana Kavi as the female leads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15334600", "title": "Goan girl gloves up for gold in London", "text": "LONDON: Old videos of her dance performances tell you her movements are graceful, her kohl-lined eyes full of expression, her feet are light and airy, her posture is petite and delicate and she seems to float along the stage to a beautiful rhythm. They do not tell you that she punches hard and could give you a black eye. Bharatnatyam dancers do not do that. Do they?Meet Siona Fatima Fernandes. Five years ago she lived in Goa, India and performed the Bharatnatyam. Today she's punched her way to the Olympics in London and is representing New Zealand in the women's flyweight boxing category, the same as India's biggest medal hope in the rope square, MaryKom.Siona's been boxing for just about two-and-a-half years and has achieved much already. \"In Bharatnatyam, you are never in one position, your speed, agility and coordination have to be up to the mark. I think the skills I picked up in dancing helped my transition so quickly and easily into this sport,\" she says.So when did the punching begin? \"I remember the first time I got into the ring. In 2009 when I trained for 12 weeks and had my first corporate boxing fight,\" she recalls.\"It was at a boxing gym next to where I worked and anyone could train and fight. So I signed up and fought. My trainer, Dylan Russell, asked me how I felt after the fight. 'Amazing' I told him. And it still is,\" she adds.Siona's come a long way since then. She took up amateur boxing seriously soon after and was trained by Chris Martin who is still her trainer. \"This is a journey of many that have supported me, believed in me and been there over the years,\" she says. \"Initially my mum did not approve of me boxing but she's a big fan now. Dad on the other hand always supported me. He would come to my fights and scream the loudest in Konkani, 'Maar teka, maar teka' (hit her), and no one would understand except me,\" she laughs.\"It was hard to manage my work and sport. I had two jobs and this expensive hobby. I then realized that my life was gearing towards sport so I dropped one job and managed the other and my boxing,\" says the Porvorim girl who works as a certified fitness trainer in Auckland.Siona seems to love adventure. Not long before she discovered boxing, she signed up for the New Zealand Army. \" Yes , I am a qualified soldier,\" she says with a laugh. \"I completed the RIT (Recruit Initial Training) 1, 2, 3 and 4 and also the medic core training at the Waiouru military base. I did it as a personal challenge and it was my first taste of life outside my comfort zone,\" she adds.\"Most people at the village (Olympic village) cannot believe I'm a boxer,\" laughs the petite framed girl with long straight hair and pierced nose. \"They say I must be very good because I do not have a single scar on my face,\" she said.\"I always loved sport. I played basketball in college and represented Goa at the national level. I was selected for the Asian Games at one point but I chose my studies because I didn't see a career in sport if I lived in India,\" says the 5.4ft athlete. \"I am proud to fight for New Zealand. My second home offered me so many opportunities and helped me realize my dreams. My heart will always be Goan and I am so proud to be one. I want Goan kids to know that they can achieve anything they dream even if it means getting out and doing it,\" she added.Women's boxing is making its debut at London 2012 and Siona's name will go down in history as one of the first women Olympian boxers. \"I think it's wonderful that the Games have opened up to us. So many people prefer watching women boxing because women execute techniques beautifully making it an entertaining sport for the viewer rather than just a rough fight,\" she says. \"I think MaryKom is a good fighter with great skills. I've met her at several championships and would love to fight her,\" she says about the Indian flyweight boxer.Known for her 'strong cross', Siona cannot wait to get her gloves on and into the ring on Sunday for her first fight. \"I'm taking it one fight at a time and will give it my best,\" she says.\"I am overwhelmed by all the support and wishes from Goans everywhere over the past few months. We are such a small community and being able to make my people proud gives me so much joy,\" she pointed out. \"I cannot wait to go to Goa and meet her friends and relatives. I think it's finally time to visit home again after five years away. This December seems like a great time to hit Goa and relive some good old memories,\" she said before signing off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15332010", "title": "Liquidator hauled up for undermining court's authority", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has come down heavily on the official liquidator, A K Chaturvedi, for not following the court's instructions and \"usurping court's powers\" instead.Dubbing the liquidator's defiance of court orders about the appointment of lawyers as \"unfortunate\", Justice Abhilasha Kumari referred the case to the Union ministry of corporate affairs for action against the official.Official liquidator is appointed to assist the high court to manage and dispose of properties of companies that have gone into liquidation.At present, there are 462 companies in Gujarat that are in liquidation. For court proceedings, the liquidator appoints advocate with prior permission from the court.In the past, the liquidator had obtained permission to engage senior counsel to deal with complicated cases. But the liquidator later stopped taking permission from the court, and judges brought it to the liquidator's notice that it is mandatory to have prior approval of the court in appointing advocates or even forming their panel.However, the Chaturvedi continued to appoint lawyers and senior counsel and filed report for ratification of his action. The court refused to accept his report and pulled him up for \"deliberately\" trying to undermine court's authority. \"This is a very unfortunate state of affairs. The official liquidator is enjoined to assist the court and carry out the functions assigned to him under the supervision and control of the court. If the liquidator takes a stand contrary to the court and functions at cross-purposes with the court, it would seriously hamper the smooth working of the court,\" the judge said.Taking on the official for alleged irregularities in hiring lawyers, the court also noticed that the liquidator could not assist the court properly even on factual aspects. He was even warned, earlier this month, on a couple of occasions to put his house in order. The court also took note of the fact that there are only three lawyers on the panel to represent the liquidator, whereas many more are required; going by the number of companies that are in liquidation in the state.Since the liquidator does not fall functionally under the control of the court, rather he is under the control of the Union government, the high court asked the Centre's standing counsel to send a copy of the order to the ministry for further necessary action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15334463", "title": "Ensure kids stay in Goa: HC orders cops", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa on Thursday directed the Mapusa police to ensure that three minor boys, who were allegedly kidnapped from their mother's custody in Qatar and brought to Goa by their father, do not leave the state until further orders.A division bench comprising Justice A P Lavande and Justice U V Bakre passed the order in a petition filed by the children's mother, a Goan based in Qatar, seeking custody of her three boys - aged 4, 8 and 9 - who were allegedly kidnapped in Qatar and brought to Goa by her former husband.The petitioner has sought a direction from the high court to the Mapusa police and to her former husband's brother to produce her children in court to enable her to take them into her custody.The couple was granted divorce on January 30 this year by a court in Qatar. According to the mother, the court in Qatar gave the custody of the children to her. On June 20, this year, the former husband allegedly kidnapped the three children from his former wife's residence in Qatar and flew them to Goa. After admitting the kids at a primary school in Mapusa, the former husband allegedly returned to Qatar, leaving the kids behind, the petitioner stated.During the hearing on Thursday, the petitioner's advocate, Aires Rodrigues, apprehended that the three children might be moved outside Goa. The former husband's brother appeared in court and informed the court that the children are not in his custody but are with his parents who also live at Mapusa.At this juncture, advocate general (AG) Atmaram Nadkarni submitted that as per the police investigation the three boys are in fact kept at the residence of the former husband's brother.While granting time to the former husband's brother to file a reply to the petition, the court has adjourned the hearing to August 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15332461", "title": "Rs 100 crore biodiversity museum to come up in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: The foundation stone for a Rs 100 crore worth biodiversity museum in the city will be laid during the international biodiversity meet, Conference of Parties 11 (COP 11) scheduled to be held in Hyderabad this October. This was announced by R Humpaiah, chairman of the Andhra Pradesh Biodiversity Board, on Thursday. He said that the state board would also develop a biodiversity park alongside the museum on a sprawling 15-acre land on the Gachibowli-Mehdipatnam road.\"We have already taken possession of this land and work will begin after the meet. While the museum is being built by the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF), we have been sanctioned about Rs 5 crore to develop the park,\" Humpaiah said, while speaking to the media.Speaking about the October summit, he said that it was expected to draw as many as 18,000 delegates from across the globe. This would include forest ministers, heads of states, NGOs and other international bodies such as World Bank , World Wildlife Fund and International Union for Conservation of Nature among others.\"This was the number of participants who attended the last summit in Nagoya (Japan). This time, the figure could be higher,\" he said. The Indian delegation alone is likely to be 1,000-member strong, he added.On October 1, the event will kick-start with a five-day meeting of parties (MOP) wherein participants will be seen deliberating issues pertaining to bio-technology and bio-safety protocol. \"COP 11 will start from October 8. The members will discuss subjects related to forestry , agricultural, marine and coastal biodiversity and also suggest ways of protecting these resources,\" said Humpaiah. The summit will also encompass various 'side events' such as cultural shows and exhibitions that will be held at various venues.COP 11 is being organised by the United Nations Convention on Biodiversity in association with MoEF, India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "15333832", "title": "Bhandara fedederation hikes milk purchase price", "text": "BHANDARA: The Bhandara District Milk Cooperative Federation has increased the purchase price of cow and buffalo milk by 50 paise per litre. With this decision, the milk producing farmers of the district will get Rs 1.44 crore in a year. An amount of Rs 12 lakh will be given to producers per month from the profits of the milk cooperative, said Vilas Katekhaye, chairman of the federation.Katekhaye said Bhandara federation is the only body in the state which gives the highest rate for milk. Presently, the government is purchasing cow milk for Rs 17 per litre and buffalo milk for Rs 25. The purchase rate has been hiked to cope with the increased market price of cattle feed like cotton seed, oil cake and branded feed of reputed manufacturers. Though the state government gives meagre rates to milk producing farmers, Bhandara federation is committed to economic empowerment of milk producing farmers, Katekhaye said.The latest hike will help 300 primary milk cooperative societies with 25,000 members. The federation has plans to hike the purchase rate in future. The federation has also applied for milk powder plant and the proposal is pending with the state government. Funds for the purpose given by the central government are lying with the state government, he said.The average daily collection of the federation is 55,000 litres milk and is supplied to a major cooperative brand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15333734", "title": "Panel to review begging law", "text": "NEW DELHI: After sleeping over the proposal to revise the 53-year-old prevention of begging Act, the Delhi government on Wednesday finally formed a committee to review and amend the law on begging to make it more \"rational\" and \"humane\".A five-member panel comprising government officers and experts from Tata Institute of Social Sciences has been given the job to examine the law and suggest changes. \"We want a more rational law that differentiates between beggars who are running an organized gang and those who are victims. Also, we need to have different treatment for destitutes forced into begging because of various circumstances,\" said social welfare minister Kiran Walia.\"At present, a person caught begging thrice can be sentenced to 10 years' imprisonment. We, however, have to find more reformative punishments,\" said Walia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15331954", "title": "Charges framed in 2009 hooch tragedy", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Three years after 123 people lost their lives to spurious liquor in Odhav police station area, a city sessions court has framed charges against 33 of total 39 accused. Six persons could not be charged as they remained absent during the proceedings, the rest will face trial for criminal conspiracy and murder.The main accused in the hooch tragedy case, Vinod Dagri and Ravindrasingh Pavar, are among those charged.The charge draft states that the accused supplied spurious liquor mixed with methanol because it was cheap and the business was more profitable for them. Thus they knowingly supplied hooch and killed people, it reads.Additional sessions judge D V Jhala last week started the trial against 39 people in the offence lodged at Odhav. In all, nearly 150 people had died in the incident that took place in the city on July 7, 2009. The court has invoked sections 302, 307, 120B, 272, 273, 328 and 201 of the Indian Penal Code and various sections of the prohibition laws. In the incident of consuming spurious liquor in far eastern part of the city, 123 lost their lives and nearly 170 others were hospitalized as they took ill after consuming liquor.On March 7 last year, the city sessions court framed charges against 24 other accused persons, including two policemen, in connection with the offence registered at the Kagdapith police station.In this separate incident, 24 persons were killed in Kantodiawas of Majur Gam and 35 others fell ill after consuming the liquor. In this case, too, Dagri and Sunil More were accused of criminal conspiracy.Dagri has been held main accused in this case, as he used to make liquor mixed with methanol at Vandhwadi village near Mehmdabad. Methanol was provided by one More from Vadodara. Prosecution case states that after the duo came out of Junagadh jail, they planned in June 2009 to make liquor laced with methanol to meet increasing demand from Ahmedabad to earn more profit. They knew that liquor made from jaggery would not meet the demand of this market, while that mixed with the chemical would prove far cheaper.After the hooch tragedy, the state government brought in stricter legislation to curb the nuisance and made provisions to invoke section 302 of IPC against the suspects. Several women were also arrested in the case for bootlegging, and the government invoked section 268 of CrPC after lodging them in Sabarmati Central Jail. However, the Gujarat high court removed the restrictions and now the accused are brought to the court for the purpose of judicial proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15334399", "title": "Top honchos on investment advisory council", "text": "PATNA: The state government has notified the constitution of Bihar State Industrial Investment Advisory Council which had been announced a few days back by chief minister Nitish Kumar at an open house of entrepreneurs.The council has many prominent names from industry, commerce, banking sector and economists. Headed by the CM, the council has HDFC chairman Deepak Parekh , ICICI Bank chairman K V Kamath , SBI chairman Pratip Chaudhuri, Godrej &amp; Boyce chairman Jamshyd Godrej , besides others.Industry department principal secretary Alok Kumar Sinha said many important personalities of trade and industry have been included in the council. It would work as a think-tank for the state government and give suggestions for boosting investment. Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi would be its vice-chairman and the members from the government side would be industry minister, development commissioner, principal secretary, industry, CM's secretary and CEO of Bihar Foundation. The chief secretary would be its member- secretary.The other members from the industry and related sectors are: Vedanta group executive chairman Anil Agrawal, ITC chairman Y C Deveshwar, CEO and MD of Hindustan Unilever Nitin Pranjpaye, Tata Son's director (finance) Ismat Husain, Tata Consultancy Services CEO N Chandrasekaran, Axis Bank MD Shikha Sharma and Max India chairman Analjit Singh.Others nominated to the council are chairperson of Indian Council for Research and International Economic Relations Isher Judge Ahluwalia, who is wife of the deputy chairman of Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia, senior faculty of National Institute of Public Finance and Policy Sudipto Mandal, Boston Consultancy Group (Asia Pacific) chairman Dr J Sinha and Sebi chairman U K Sinha.The advisory council will give suggestions on industrial development and investment promotion policies, making more friendly industrial environment and easy processing of proposals as well as preparing schemes for youths, dalits, backward classes, minorities and women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15337065", "title": "Picnickers for better safety measures at Patalpani", "text": "INDORE: It's been more than year since the three members of the Rathi family were swept away by the strong water current in Patalpani picnic spot.While the cause for the accident is still being debated, picnickers in Indore feel that the local administration must ensure proper safety measures. As of now, railings at Patalpani are too short to provide safety and even the work of laying a footbridge is incomplete.\"I had been to Patalpani twice before the July 17 mishap where three members of a family had died. The picturesque place bowls one over with its sheer natural beauty,\" said Himanshu Vyas, a student of DAVV. But the place, he said, lacks sufficient safety measures. \"One has to wade through the stream to have a look of the main waterfall. Picnickers cross the stream which gets slippery in rainy season, posing danger.\"This is the season for picnickers, who every weekend sneak out for happening spots and Patalpani is one such spot close to Indore.The footbridge is still under construction, and there are very less security guards to look after the visitors activities. Even signages are not properly written and placed.Another picnicker Chetan Kanungo says, \"I think people should take more care and avoid risking their lives by going up to precipice. I have seen couples going to dangerous places to take snaps. The authorities should place enough signboards to warn about such places. Barriers and footbridges should be made so that one can cross the stream without any difficulty.\"Asked about the authorities about the present condition of Patalpani they claimed that there are enough guards deployed on weekends in view of the rush. Avinash Lavania, SDM, Mhow, said, \"The signages are all properly placed and the railings are placed for the past one year. We have also kept watch guards who keep an eye on the activities of tourists and guide them. The incomplete work of the footbridge over there does not come under my authority, but the work will be completed soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15337525", "title": "3-year-old dies of suspected swine flu", "text": "RAJKOT: A three-year-old girl died due to suspected swine flu in Rajkot Civil Hospital on Thursday.Victim Hiral Karadia died before her blood sample report for H1N1 virus could arrive. Hiral, a resident of Halvad town in Surendranagar district, was shifted to Rajkot from Morbi, where she was undergoing treatment for high fever and severe cold.Last week, a 45-year-old businessman Bhagvanji Vataliya died of swine-flu at a private hospital in Jamnagar. Vataliya's two relatives also tested positive for H1N1. On July 3, too, a businessman Naresh Shah (55) died of swine flu in a private hospital in Rajkot.\"We are waiting for Hiral's blood samples and if it comes positive, we will instruct health officials to give precautionary measures to her relatives,\" a hospital official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15339075", "title": "Tinted glasses in vehicles: Act or face contempt action, SC warns cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today warned the Director Generals of Police and Commissioners of Police in all the states and union territories of contempt action if they fail to take action on use of tinted glasses in vehicles.A bench of justices B S Chauhan and Swatanter Kumar asked the police machinery in the country to not only challan the offending vehicles but also to take forthwith measures to remove materials pasted on safety glasses by vehicle users.\"We are not emphasising on security threat to nation but it is a clear violation of law. No material can be pasted on safety glasses, this law needs to be enforced.\"DGPs/CPs to ensure complete compliance in true letter and substance. At this stage we will not initiate any action on the DGPs and other officials but issue a clear warning that in case of non-compliance the court shall be compelled to initiate appropriate action under the contempt of courts act without any notice,\" Justice Kumar said.On July 22, the Supreme court had expressed its dissatisfaction over tardy implementation of its directions banning the use of tint on car windows, beyond a permissible limit, in Delhi.The bench had said that the roads of the national Capital still had numerous cars with heavily tinted windows and windscreens and that the users or owners of such vehicles, often involved in accidents, go scot-free.The court had also noted that most of these vehicles were being used by VIPs enjoying Z-category security.The bench had observed that the VIPs, who were permitted to use tinted film on their vehicles but only as per due procedure, were exploiting the relaxation granted to them.The apex court's observations came while hearing a batch of petitions filed by sun film manufacturers association and others seeking clarification as well as modification of the apex court?s order banning the use of tinted glass on vehicle windowpanes.Concerned over rising instances of criminals using black films on windscreens and side glasses of four wheelers, the apex court had directed the states and the Union territories to strictly enforce the ban on use of tint beyond the limit permitted.A three-judge bench headed by Chief Justice S H Kapadia had on April 27 said that manufacturers may produce vehicles with tinted glasses which provide for 70 per cent Visual Light Transmission (VLT) for safety glasses on front and rear windscreen and 40 per cent VLT for side glasses.The directions had come into effect and were enforceable from May 4.The apex court, however, at that time had given liberty to the police officers concerned to grant exemption to VVIPs like those enjoying \"Z\" and \"Z plus\" category security.The court's verdict had come on a PIL filed by one Avisekh Goenka seeking total ban on all forms of tinted glasses used in four wheelers.The court, while granting the exemption to VVIPs and others facing threat perceptions, had said, \"The cases of the persons who have been provided with Z and Z+ security category may be considered by a committee consisting of the director general of police/commissioner of police of the concerned state and the home secretary of that state/Centre.The bench had advised that \"certificates should be provided only in relation to official cars of VIPs/VVIPs, depending upon the category of security that such person has been awarded by the competent authority.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "pakhowal road", "code": "15336926", "title": "Pakhowal Road lost among potholes, puddles", "text": "PAKHOWAL ROAD: Among the most busy roads in the city, Pakhowal Road is frequently taken by many businessmen and industrialists on a daily basis. But the condition of the road post sparse rain showers doesn't assure a safe travel to these commuters.Numerous pot holes on this road make it a risky ride during the rainy season.\"The condition of roads is not perfect anywhere in city, and that of Pakhowal Road, is in need of immediate attention as the numerous potholes on it, particularly near Nehru Siddhant Kendra, make it tough to drive on it. Water gets accumulated in these potholes when it rains and results in accidents when it is dark,\" says Charu Gupta, a homemaker from Sarabha Nagar, who often takes this road. The authorities should ensure this road can stand monsoon season as it is an important link in the city for many, she added.Manindar Sobti's bakery is a renowned landmark on Pakhowal Road. He says, \"Water logging is a big problem as it washes away the roads. Even a not-so-good monsoon has left many potholes on this road this year causing inconvenience to commuters.\"A resident from the locality Surinder Sharma says the condition of Pakhowal Road is not as bad as last year but, can't stil be termed any better. \"Starting from Park Plaza Hotel to the end of the stretch, the road has numerous potholes, which take a heavy toll on vehicles. The municipal authorities should fill up potholes and level the uneven surfaces on the road immediately,\" adds Sharma.MC superintendent engineer Dharam Singh , under whose supervision Pakhowal Road comes, says, \"There is no storm sewerage to drain rain water, so we put the water accumulated on roads into sullage sewerage, which are narrow and take time to drain out rain water entirely. The stagnant water takes a toll on the road.\" Singh assured these potholes would soon be covered.Taranjeet was murdered with a sharp edged weapon in her house when her husband Harminder Singh was at his auto spare parts unit in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15335876", "title": "Student of the Year: KJo introduces his students in style", "text": "Launching three newcomers,especially when they hail from the industry, is surely a daunting task.But Karan Johar ,the selfproclaimed 'father' figure,handled it with lan.At the first public appearance of the three youngsters,Alia Bhatt,Siddharth Malhotra and Varun Dhawan,who make their debut in Karan's Student Of The Year,the filmmaker played not just a doting daddy but also a gracious host.Apart from their director daddy Karan,the debutants had their own family to cheer for them.Varun had his mum,daddy David and filmmaker brother Rohit beside him.Siddharth had his filmmaker brother Punit and uncle Manish cheering for him.For Alia,though her father Mahesh Bhatt couldn't make it,mum Soni Razdan was present at the event.Also present at the event was the entire Dharma clan Ayan Mukerji,Karan Malhotra and even Tarun Mansukhani.Interestingly,Karan's mum Hiroo Johar,who generally strays away from trailer launch events,made an exception this time around.Karan kept up his witty banter throughout the do.Sample this: \"I dressed up in a similar blazer (like the youngsters ) so that I look a bit younger.But now that is impossible since,like a fool,I threw a big bash announcing my fortieth birthday,\"said Karan.Amongst the three newcomers,Varun looked the best equipped as far as facing the media was concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15333848", "title": "Build, operate and transfer plan for octroi post weighbridges opposed in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Vice-president of MPCC Farmers and Farm Labourers cell, Sandip Agrawal, has approached officiating municipal commissioner and district collector, Saurabh Rao, to scrap civic body's decision to install 10 weighbridges at octroi posts on build, operate and transfer (BOT) basis. The NMC has floated a tender in this regard.According to Agrawal, a weighbridge costs around Rs25 lakh and if installed at 10 octroi posts around Rs2.50 crore would be incurred for the project. In a memorandum to Rao, Agrawal asked whether the civic body's economic condition was so weak that it cannot invest even Rs2.50 crore for installing weighbridges on its own.According to tender specifications, NMC contractors are guaranteeing weighing of at least 3000 vehicles everyday. This implies that the contractors will at least get daily business.For example, if the BOT operator charges Rs50 for each vehicle it measures then the NMC is taking responsibility to pay Rs1.50 lakh every day to the operator. If the amount collected is less than this, then it means that NMC is sure that at least 3000 vehicles will be measured every day. Considering this, the annual turnover on BOT basis will be around Rs5.47 crore, said Agrawal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "15332803", "title": "Smugglers dose up on medicinal herb Nag Chatri", "text": "MANALI: It is unbelievable but true that the smuggling of medicinal herb Nag Chatri, a new source to make quick buck, has reduced the pace of charas smuggling in Kullu and Mandi, the most notorious districts for charas production. Now, instead of charas smuggling, illegal smuggling of precious Nag Chatri is plaguing the police.Eleven cases \u2014 seven in Kullu and four in Mandi \u2014 have been registered under Sections 32, 33, 41, 42 of Forest Act and 13 persons have been arrested only in three months. About 50 quintal of the medicinal herb has been seized from the all accused, which they were trying to smuggle into other states for further transportation. In most of the cases, Volvo buses were the mode of transport and sacks of herb were placed inside the luggage compartment.According to experts, Nag Chatri does not need any maintenance and grows wild on the mountains, so it is better option for many charas cultivators, who have failed to hide their cannabis fields from police.GB Pant Institute of Himalayan Environment and Development, Mohal in Kullu, senior scientist S S Samant said demand has increased the rate of Nag Chatri at villages where this rare herb is collected. \"We were informed by the villagers that last year rate was between Rs 800 to 1,200 per kg ,while this time it is between Rs 1,000 and Rs 2,000 per kg,\" he said. He said rare herb has great demand in China for which illegal extraction is being done in HP.A Goshal villager, engaged in collection of this rare herb, said they climb on mountains, dig out the roots of herb, take it to home and leave it to dry under the sun and sell to the purchasers at their home. \"This is best job for women and that's the reason that mostly women go to collect the herb in jungles in groups. Purchasers say they have license to buy the herbs,\" he said. Illegal extraction of herbs has been a part of criminal activities in Kullu and Mandi for many years. Both the districts are rich in several precious species of herbs and most of them are very rare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "fazilka", "code": "15332641", "title": "Fazilka district in a shambles", "text": "FAZILKA: This newly carved 22nd district of the state has recently celebrated its first anniversary.Even after completing one full year of its inception, the district lacks everything, from infrastructure to officials and staff for its different departments.The vital requirement of posting a civil surgeon, medical staff and other programme officials of the health department has also not been met till date.With the city accorded district status, the 100-beded hospital is also upgraded as a district hospital, but the government seems to have forgotten to appoint the required medical and para-medical staff.What to talk of appointing additional staff, the district hospital has no medical specialist, surgeon, gynecologist and pediatrician, while the posts of ophthalmologist, radiologist, blood transfusion officer and seven medical officers are lying vacant. The hospital, which handles over 400 OPD cases daily and conducts nearly 200 delivery cases, including caesarean operations, every month, in the absence of required medical staff, including a gynecologist. Call it a miracle, but it is sorry state of affairs of the district civil hospital which was being run without the services of specialist doctors and staff.According to official data, out of the sanctioned posts of 20 doctors in the district civil hospital, 15 are lying vacant. Posts of two medical specialists, a surgeon, a pediatrician, a gynecologist, ophthalmologist, radiologist, psychiatric and seven medical officers are lying vacant. Out of 24 sanctioned posts of staff nurse, 12 are vacant. Only two sweepers are working in the hospital out of sanctioned strength of nine. The blood bank of the hospital is also functioning without a blood transfusion officer.Different welfare programmes launched by the Union and state government such as family planning, National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) and school health scheme have been hit hard by the absence of trained staff.In the absence of required medical staff, a number of patients and medical emergencies remain unattended. Many needy patients who cannot afford costly private treatment are the worst hit.\"The affairs of the new district have become messier and worse than before, because some of the officers holding dual charge are seldom available.The civil surgeon is sitting at Ferozepur and the common people feel difficulty in getting their official work done because they cannot go to Ferozepur and their work remains incomplete here too,\" said Raj Kishore Kalra, president of social welfare society, an NGO.Dr SP Garg, senior medical officer, Fazilka civil hospital admitted that the hospital was facing shortage of staff. \"We try to cope with the rush of the patients. The higher authorities had been apprised of the situation and urged them to fill the vacant posts early,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15332414", "title": "India's power failure a lesson for China", "text": "BEIJING: India's recent power blackout could be a lesson for China, which is also facing several developmental challenges, a commentary published in Chinese state-run Global Times has noted.China needs to generate more power to support higher living standards. It probably needs to double the current power generation to sustain its modernization drive, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15337406", "title": "Gangs of Wasseypur 2 on Afsar Bitiya", "text": "Raakesh Paswan's 'Afsar Bitiya' on Zee TV has been churning out some high voltage drama lately.After the entire curiosity created around Krishna's ( Mitali Nag) death and Shivshakti's re-entry on the show, as the new BDO, the makers of the show now plan to spice the plot by bringing in the cast of 'Gangs OF Wasseypur 2' on the show.Sources inform that the main cast of ' Gangs Of Wasseypur 2' will visit the sets today. They will be shooting with the cast of Afsar Bitiya in the evening. Afsar Bitiya has a Bihari back drop and is situated in Bihar and 'Gangs of Wasseypur' also has the same backdrop.This is one of the key reasons that the makers of 'Gangs Of Wasseypur' have chosen Afsar Bitiya to promote their film. Actors Nawazzudin Siddiqui (faisal Khan) and Huma Qureshi (Mohsina) will make a special appearance on the show. The show will be aired next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15337040", "title": "Trains to benefit Velankanni pilgrims", "text": "HUBLI: South Western Railways will run express special trains between Vasco-da-Gama-Velankanni-Vasco-da-Gama (train Nos. 07315/ 07316) -- three trips in each direction - for the convenience of pilgrims attending Velankanni festival.Accordingly, Vasco-da-Gama-Velankanni Express Special (No. 07315) will depart Vasco-da-Gama station at 9:00 hrs on August 29 and September 02 and 05 (three specials in all) and arrive at Velankanni station at 12:25 hrs, the next day.En route, the train will touch Madgoan (at 9:35 hrs), Kulem (10:25 hrs), Castle Rock (11:35 hrs), Londa (12:05 hrs), Dharwad (13:20 hrs), Hubli (14:40 hrs), Haveri (15:45 hrs), Davanagere (17:05 hrs), Birur (18:35 hrs), Arasikere (19:15 hrs), Tumkur (21:40 hrs), Yeshwantpur junction (23:30 hrs), Krishnarajapuram (00:05 hrs), Bangarpet (01:05 hrs), Salem (04:00 hrs), Erode (05:17 hrs), Karur (06:20 hrs), Tiruchchirappli junction (08:20 hrs), Thanjavur (09:30 hrs), Thiruvarur (10:35 hrs), and Nagapattinam (11:30 hrs).In the return direction, Velankanni-Vasco-da-Gama Express Special ((No. 07316)) will depart Velankanni station at 14:25 hrs on August 30, September 3 and 9 (three specials in all) and arrive at Vasco-da-Gama station at 19:50 hrs, the next day.En route, the train touches Nagapattinam (14:50 hrs), Thiruvarur (15:23 hrs), Thanjavur (16:13 hrs), Tiruchchirapalli (17:50 hrs), Karur (19:02 hrs), Erode (20:20 hrs), Salem (21:25 hrs), Bangarpet (01:48 hrs), Krishnarajapuram (02:58 hrs), Yeshwantpur (04:15 hrs), Tumkur (05:28 hrs), Arasikere (07:20 hrs), Birur (08:15 hrs), Davanagere (09:44 hrs), Haveri (10:54 hrs), Hubli (13:00 hrs), Dharwad (13:28 hrs), Londa (14:58 hrs), Castle Rock (15:40 hrs), Kulem (15:40 hrs) and Madgaon (18:50 hrs).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "15336356", "title": "Youths set sail on Mahanadi expedition", "text": "Sambalpur: A group of 25 youths launched a rafting expedition on Mahanadi river from Sambalpur's Kacheri ghat on Thursday. Sambalpur collector in charge Madhab Chandra Bariha flagged off the nine-day expedition.About 25 youths from several districts were selected by the National Adventure foundation (NAF), Odisha chapter, to participate in 'Mahanadi water rafting' expedition which is scheduled to reach Paradeep on August 10, covering a distance of about 480 km. The organizer of the programme and director of the Odisha chapter of NAF, RK Bhuyan, said the youths have been selected by the foundation after undergoing a thorough screening selection process. \"The youths would be helpful during flood and natural calamities as they have already trained for this,\" Bhuyan said.Sources said the NAF conducts adventure sports every year during rainy season to prepare youths during flood situation in Odisha. Water rafting has become quite famous in hilly state on the white water. But to make the sports famous in Odisha, the NAF has started the project Mahanadi water rafting. \"Earlier we have conducted rafting to cover small distance but this time we have decided to cover a maximum distance\" Bhuyan added. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15336691", "title": "Elephant killed by speeding train", "text": "GUWAHATI: An elephant was killed by a speeding train on the outskirts of Guwahati on Wednesday night as the railway tracks continue to be a deathtrap for the pachyderms in the state.A female elephant was killed in a collision with an inter-city train in the Kurkuria area under Sonapur forest range of Kamrup district on Wednesday night. The train was going from Guwahati to Tinsukia in upper Assam. The elephant, which had been separated from its herd, was dragged on the tracks by the train. The railway track where the mishap occurred is close to the Amsang wildlife sanctuary. Forest officials said the elephant would be around seven years old.With the Wednesday killing, the total death toll of elephants due to collision with speeding train has increased to four this year. An elephant succumbed to injuries after being hit by a train at Gibbon Wildlife Sanctuary in Jorhat district last month, while two elephants were knocked down to death in Karbi Anglong area on February and June. In May this year, an elephant was injured by a moving train in the Deepor Beel area, also in the outskirt of Guwahati.Last year, five elephants were killed in collision with moving trains in different parts of the state, including three jumbo deaths in Gibbon Wildlife Sanctuary alone.In 2010, about seven elephants were knocked down to deaths by speeding trains in Karbi Anglong and Deepor Beel areas. The Wildlife Trust of India has identified at least 19 spots where railway tracks passes through elephant habitats. These spots have been declared sensitive.According to Elephant Task Force (ETF), Assam tops with a 36 per cent of elephant casualties due to train-hits since 1987, followed by West Bengal with 26 per cent and Uttarakhand with 14 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15332427", "title": "Govt departments yet to clear massive water dues", "text": "HYDERABAD: Five government departments - Panchayat Raj and Rural Development, Municipal Administration and Urban Development (MA&UD;), Health, Medical and Family Welfare and Home and Housing - are bleeding the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;). Till date, these five departments owe the Water Board Rs 146 crore. If a citizen defaults, the HMWS&SB; slaps penalty and threatens to snap water connection, but it has been allowing these white elephants to have a free run.The high court has recently directed the government to prepare a scheme to facilitate payment of dues to the Water Board and submit compliance report within two months.As per official records, the Panchayat Raj and Rural Development department stood top among defaulters with dues to the tune of Rs 97.19 crore, while at the second place is MA&UD; with Rs 24.33 crore. Of them, the GHMC's dues are 69 lakhs. Likewise, Health, Medical and Family Welfare Department Rs 10.04 crore, including Rs 4.52 crore from Gandhi Hospital and College alone, the Home Department Rs 10.04 crore and the Housing Department Rs 6.83 crore.\"Though the Water Board had served several notices on them, none of them responded. Now, in view of the high court order, fresh notices will be issued soon,\" HMWS&SB; chief general manager (Revenue) and in-charge, Director-Technical, D Sundar Rami Reddy told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15331993", "title": "Thalassemia test: 722 Gujarat Technological University students found to be carriers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Technological University (GTU) has released the data of the second thalassemia test drive carried out by the university. Of the 30,000-odd students who were tested for the genetic blood disorder, 722 tested positive for the gene, also known as being thalassemia minor.This means that if the carriers of this blood disorder marries another carrier, there is a high risk that their offspring may be born with thalassemia major. Thalassemia patients need a regular change of blood to keep them alive.GTU had launched this drive two years back with the view to create awareness about the disease which is difficult to treat but can be easily prevented through awareness.Officials said that last year 32,000 students were tested for thalassemia of which 520 were tested positive as thalassemia minors.The current prevalence of thalassemia in Gujarat population is 4-4.5 per cent while incidences of the blood disorder in the GTU were found to be 2-2.6 per cent.GTU officials said that from this year, it has been made mandatory for all GTU-affiliated colleges to test their first year students for the blood disorder. \"Colleges who do not test or send the report in time will be fined,\" said officials.Gujarat University (GU) has also made it mandatory for the students to undergo a thalassemia test from this academic session onwards. It has tied up with the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) and Red Cross Society for the purpose and students will be charged Rs 100 for the test. The university has also made it compulsory for students to undergo a health check-up. Acting vice-chancellor Mukul Shah said, \"This is a precautionary measure and students can benefit from the awareness.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15337749", "title": "Very few hospitals in Madhya Pradesh are ICD-10 compliant", "text": "BHOPAL: ICD-10 compliance for health care providers needs to be implemented for improving the health status of the people, according to an expert. Only a fraction of the hospitals in the state are following the global coding system, known as ICD-10 or 'International Classification of Diseases-tenth revision'.\"For planning the development of facilities for medical and health care and their efficient functioning, there is a need to adopt and implement ICD-10 so that the morbidity and mortality databases can be compared among the regions, states and the country as a whole,\" said central bureau of health intelligence (CBHI) assistant director (Bhopal circle), SH Syed.He was speaking at a workshop on family health classification here on Wednesday.Only a fraction of the hospitals in the state are following the global coding system, known as ICD-10 or 'International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision'.ICD-10 was developed by the World Health Organization (WHO) to meet the current medical information coding needs. Health experts point out that ICD-10 provides reliable information essential for meaningful conclusion on the health status of the population and for planning the development of facilities for medical and health care and their efficient functioning.ICD-10 has been made mandatory by Indian Medical Council for Research.ICD 10 coding was introduced by WHO in 1993 and India adopted it in 2000. The three-day workshop is part of CBHI's continuing efforts to promote use of ICD 10. \"It will yield results only if all the medical and health authorities decide to implement ICD 10 and work towards it,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15333391", "title": "Protests may delay LNG terminal commissioning", "text": "KOCHI: Petronet LNG and the Cochin Port Trust (CPT) officials have written to the state government that agitations led by CPM leader S Sarma MLA, demanding employment for the local people at the upcoming LNG terminal at Puthuvype, would delay its commissioning.The commissioning of the terminal has been scheduled for December. But agitations held over several days have denied staff access to the project site, which may lead to delay in commissioning.The issue could turn more serious if the government fails to intervene and resolve it, they said.Petronet officials said being a national company, it would be difficult for them to reserve jobs on regional considerations. The recruitments are done based on national level eligibility criteria through a transparent process.But the Petronet has recruited 66 Keralites to fill 112 technical posts in the project.There are 45 security personnel and 12 fire and safety staff deployed by contractors at the site and all of them hail from Kerala. According to Petronet officials, nearly 90% of the non-technical staff is from Kerala.Chief minister Oommen Chandy had convened a meeting last week to discuss the issue which was cancelled.CPT officials pointed out that the project did not displace anyone and only a few families had to be relocated for the construction of the access road.Sarma, however, told TOI here that there was an understanding to give jobs to one member each from 18 families who had to be evicted for the construction of the access road.\"We are only demanding that locals should be given preference for unskilled jobs, if they possess the required qualifications. Petronet has been denying even the job of sweepers to locals,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15336841", "title": "Maharashtra govt needs to do more on CCTVs", "text": "The state government does not appear to be serious about its ambitious plans to have CCTVs for monitoring security and disciplining motorists. The government need to realize that mere installation does not achieve any results unless properly maintained and closely monitored. The fact that the CCTVs on the world class Bandra-Worli sea link are not functional speaks volumes about the seriousness of the government's plans. The government spent Rs 1600 crore on building the sea link but not much thought went into maintenance of CCTV. The authorities should be taken to task for their absurd reasoning that during monsoons it is difficult to maintain.Related story: Faulty CCTV cameras leave cops in a fix", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332729", "title": "Now, Wanchoo unsure of Chavan's role", "text": "MUMBAI: In a complete about turn retired Brigadier and accused in the Adarsh case M M Wanchoo on Thursday sought to virtually give a clean chit to former chief minister Ashok Chavan. Barely a week after telling the Adarsh judicial commission that it was Chavan who suggested that civilians be included in the housing society, Wanchoo said he was not so sure about it.\"It is true that I am not sure about Ashok Chavan making a statement in the June 2, 2000 meeting that 20% civilians would have to be taken,\" Wanchoo said during his cross-examination by senior advocate Shyam Mehta, counsel for Chavan. To another question, Wanchoo said that \"it is very possible that no such suggestion was made by Chavan at that meeting\". He went further and then claimed that \"it was possible that in the meeting there was no discussion with regard to accommodating civilians\".It is the CBI's case that it was the 2000 meeting where Chavan suggested including civilians in the society, a decision that also benefitted his relatives who were allotted flats in the society. Wanchoo, however, sought to dispel the allegation. \"Much before the 2000 meeting, the managing committee had already decided to accommodate 40% civilian members,\" he added. Earlier, Wanchoo had said that he along with former Congress MLC and a promoter of Adarsh, Kanhaiyalal Gidwani, R C Thakur and another person met Chavan on June 2, 2000. \"If I remember correctly, it was revenue minister Ashok Chavan who suggested that 20% civilians would have to be taken (in the society),\" the retired army officer had told the commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15339213", "title": "Ministry set to formulate civil aviation policy", "text": "MUMBAI: The ministry of civil aviation is all set to formulate the civil aviation policy, which will restructure the sector to address its needs better. To achieve this, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) should focus solely on safety issues, said a recent report released by Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation (CAPA). The ambit of the DGCA should be redefined and unburdened from a host of commercial responsibilities.Commercial responsibilities can often distract the DGCA from \"the core mission\" of ensuring safety. The report also said that the technical regulation of the DGCA ought to be independent and transparent. \"There must also be a common purpose between the ministry and the DGCA, which has not always been there. It should create an environment which facilitates collaboration with industry,\" the report said.DGCA, the body which will monitor air-safety, has also been short-staffed for the past few years. The CAPA report points out that a significant investment is needed in personnel, training and skill development. \"This professionalism must extend to the very top. Institutions must be run professionally by experts in their field, in a manner that is scalable to support the expected growth in passenger and cargo traffic, which will be transformational in terms of size, investment, technology and regulation ,\" the report said.The position of the director general (DG) ought to be held by a technocrat and not a bureaucrat for at least a tenure of three to five years. \"This will provide greater stability. In several instances, including EK Bharat Bhushan's, the DG held the position as an additional charge, limiting the attention which they could provide to the role,\" the report said. The role has to be devoted to the DGCA so that optimum efficiency can be achieved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "15332484", "title": "Girl in coma after nurse botches up abortion", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: A nurse was arrested here on Thursday on charges of performing an illegal abortion on an unwed girl whose condition has turned critical after the procedure. The incident came to light after the girl was shifted to a super-speciality hospital. Police also arrested the boyfriend of the girl for allegedly forcing her to undergo abortion.According to police, the 18-year-old girl of Kothapet limits was working at a binding shop and fell in love with co-worker Sambasiva Rao. They had decided to marry after taking the consent of their parents. Both reportedly developed an intimate relationship. After the girl repeatedly complained about stomach pain, her parents recently took her to a nurse working at a private hospital who diagnosed the girl with pregnancy.The parents sought the assistance of nurse D Vijaya Kumari to abort the baby. Sources said the accused nurse charged about Rs 5,000 and administered some injections to the girl stating that it would abort the pregnancy without any trouble. However, the girl started complaining about severe stomachache after the injections were given.When the parents approached the nurse again, she allegedly performed an abortion at a private clinic putting the girl's life in jeopardy. The parents rushed the girl to the government hospital and later to a private hospital where the doctors said both the kidneys had suffered damage due an infection following the botched abortion. The girl had gone into a coma and was on ventilator support. \"Her survival looks remote because of internal infection. The nurse had played havoc with the procedure which could cost the girl's life,\" a doctor said.Police interrogated the accused nurse and Sambasiva Rao at II Town police station. Sambasiva Rao is said to have told the police that though he was responsible for the pregnancy and he had never asked the girl to abort it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15337308", "title": "Versova siblings' mother not a suspect in their deaths", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai Police have stated that the mother of the two Versova siblings who died by pesticide poisoning is not a suspect in the case.Thursday evening, parents Gayasuddin and Farzana Chougle returned from Muscat to take questions from investigators. One month ago, Rameez Chougle, 26, and his sister Rehab, 27, had died in mysterious circumstances after pest control treatment was carried out at their house on July 3. The parents initially denied that the flat had been treated for bedbugs, then declined a police investigation into the matter.The family doctor certified Rameez's death as \"natural owing to gastroenteritis\" and the body was interred without an autopsy.However, Rehab's stomach wash revealed that she had consumed the lethal poison aluminum phosphide. The parents' sudden departure for Muscat July 22 further fuelled speculation as did their denial of exhumation of the bodies. However, a senior police officer told TOI, \"We had never restricted their movements so the Chougles were free to travel anywhere. They are not suspects in the case so there was no question of declaring them missing or absconding. We will meet them on Friday and then proceed with the investigation.\" Police see the twin deaths as accidental, not suicide or murder.\"If the mother Farzana, who was present when the children took ill, had something to hide, why would she point the doctors towards the pesticide which caused her children's death?\" However, eyewitnesses who had seen the children that night of July 3-4 were not told about pest control nor was the homoeopath who prepared Rameez's death certificate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15332702", "title": "Man in land grab with \u2018dead woman\u2019, booked", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana Police have booked a 65-year-old man for transferring a retired government employee's land in his name by making a \"dead woman\" sign documents in the court to transfer the land title to him 19 years after her death.According to complainant Risal Singh, 63, a resident of Daulatpur village and a retired employee of the state electricity department, he had inherited around three acres of land in nearby Bhuthan Khurd village from his grandmother Nathi Devi who died in 1967. In August 1971, the revenue department also executed the land transfer deed in his name.After this, Risal Singh, who was posted away from the village, sought the help of Om Prakash Jakhar of the same village to look after the land.However, in a bid to grab the land, in 1986 Om Prakash filed a civil suit in Fatehabad court and made the 'dead' Nathi Devi as a respondent. He also produced in the court a woman claiming to be Nathi Devi who gave her thumb impression on documents transferring the property to Jakhar.After his retirement when Risal Singh reached the village to claim the land, Jakhar refused to return the property.Following this, Risal Singh filed a complaint with the cops who asked for the death certificate of Nathi Devi before registering a case. Risal Singh produced the death certificate before the cops after which Jakhar has been booked for cheating and forgery.\"My biggest fight was with the local authorities as Jakhar is a senior leader of the ruling party and a member of the district administration's grievances panel,\" Risal said.Superintendent of police, Fatehabad, Satender K Gupta said a case has been registered and other legal formalities were to be completed. Besides Jakhar, police have also booked a few of his accomplices in the case. No arrest has been made so far, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15334761", "title": "Municipal Corporation\u2019s fountains not a thing of beauty", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Fountains in the city are being built on the whims of councillors, without getting the concept approved by architects. So if you find that the fountain in your area is not attractive, or worse is an eyesore, you'll know where to lay the blame.Local residents feel the municipal corporation should rope in experts for designing and building fountains. The municipal corporation's engineering department admits all it does is to check the basic aesthetics of the project.The civic body is spending lakhs of rupees on these fountains in the city but the architectural design is not given much thought. Fountains are being constructed purely on the basis of the demand of area councillors.In most cases, it is the area councillor who conceptualizes the water feature and all that the MC does is to work out the economics and begin work without taking the services of an architect.While a volcano-shaped water feature has been installed in Sector 35 at a cost of Rs 15 lakh, a musical fountain was installed in Sector 15 that was built at a cost of over Rs 50 lakh. On Wednesday mayor Raja Bala Malik inaugurated a fountain in Sector 51 worth Rs 17 lakh.Councillor Harjinder Kaur said that she had sent the demand about the need for a fountain in the area to the MC and it was built in accordance with the idea given by her.Councillor Harphool Chander Kalian said that the fountain which was inaugurated on August 1 was his brainchild. Ramesh Sharma, a resident of Sector 22 said it is strange that one does not take architectural approval for these water features in a planned city like Chandigarh. V B Khanna, a resident of Sector 19 said that the authorities concerned are obviously not doing a good job as some fountains are a real eyesore.R C Diwan, superintending engineer of the public health department in the MC said that the councillors give their demand for a fountain following which fountains are installed. He said that architects are not being consulted and all that they look into is the feasibility of having these fountains in the area concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nalgonda", "code": "15332504", "title": "Hyderabad drinking water project in danger?", "text": "NALGONDA: The delay in carrying out repairs to the damaged cistern walls of Alimineti Madhava Reddy Project (AMRP) at Puttangadi in Pedda Adisharlapally mandal may endanger the safety of the project, say irrigation experts and locals.Water is drawn to fill Akkampally Balancing Reservoir (ABR) from the cistern, which gets water from the Nagarjunasagar reservoir through drifts. The water is supplied to the twin cities of Hyderabad and Secunderabad to meet the drinking water needs.But due to the pressure exerted by the heavy water flow on the cisterns, the retaining walls have suffered major cracks.The people of the villages in the low-lying areas of Puttamgandi Tanda,Nakkalapeta and Dubba are forced to spend sleepless nights fearing that the dam would burst and submerge them. With the impending danger, the officials of the AMRP have stopped using the motor pumps for filling up the cistern.The contractors started carrying out repairs to the cistern a few days back after protests by TRS and other parties who demanded that the government find a permanent solution instead of carrying out temporary repair works.Executive engineer of AMRP Devender Reddy said the people of neighbouring villages need not worry about the safety of the structure because of the repairs to the cistern walls. However, former chief engineer of the project Shyamprasad Reddy said that ad hoc arrangements could lead to seepage in the reservoir drainage system. \"The AMRP could be in danger because of excessive hydraulic pressure,\" he said.On a daily basis 180 gallons of water is supplied to the state capital from Nagarjunasagar. Ever since the Puttangadi cistern was constructed, there were problems on the quality of the retaining walls. Comptroller and auditor general (CAG) had also pointed out the poor quality of the walls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15336720", "title": "Northeast rock bands suffer as sponsorships shrink", "text": "GUWAHATI: The northeast is known as the region that pioneered rock music in the country, but despite the raw talent of the many bands here, artistes have to run from pillar to post in search of sponsors. The scenario may have improved compared to the times when there were few corporate houses to spare a buck for musicians, but there is still a long way to go for the rock scene in the region to thrive.Though several restaurants and bars these days host live music, they haven't helped promote the music scene. \"It is quite difficult to organize a rock show at an open venue as it could costs upto Rs 12 lakh. But for a pub-rock festival the cost comes down to around Rs 30,000,\" said David Koach, a city-based rock music promoter. \"Finding sponsors for rock acts is difficult. Most firms are prepared to shell out big money for Bollywood-type events, which are guaranteed to garner huge crowds, but they hesitate to put their money on the line for rock concerts. However, I still believe the scene today is much better that what it was a decade ago,\" added Koach.With few sponsor, rock musicians are now evolving to find alternate sources for funds. Some bands save all the money they earn from shows for the future, while others maintain a 'proper job' and work as professionals in different firms and pool their salaries. Then there are those from well-to-do families and have rich parents they can count on.\"We have no option but to ask for 50% of the advance for our shows. It is difficult to find sponsors and at times we have use our savings to organize shows. When we travel for outstation to perform, we get accommodation, but travelling expenses are borne by us and this is where sponsorship is important,\" said Vedan Kaushik, vocalist Shades of Retribution, an Assamese heavy metal band.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15338570", "title": "Shaji Kailas is an amazing director: Meghana Raj", "text": "Actress Meghana Raj, who is busy shooting in Palghat for Shaji Kailas' Madirashi, is all praise for the director. \"Shaji Kailas is an amazing director. He is not the one who makes an actor slog,\" says the actress, who is working with Shaji and actor Jayaram, who plays the lead in the movie, for the first time.\"I'm thoroughly enjoying the shoot. The entire team is so well organised. We start the shoot at 9 in the morning and winds up by 6 in the evening. This is the first time that I am having a fixed work schedule in M'wood,\" she says.The actress adds that such strict work timings are good for the entire team. \"Since we pack up early, there is a lot of time to relax and rejuvenate. So the next morning everyone is back with a lot of energy. It really increases the productivity of everyone involved in the shoot,\" says Meghana.The shoot is progressing at a fast pace and Meghana's part is almost over. \"I will leave the location in the next two days to resume the work on my next Telugu outing,\" Meghana signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15332598", "title": "Suspended VC Ahluwalia dares Makkar for CBI probe", "text": "JALANDHAR: Suspended vice chancellor of SGPC funded Sri Guru Granth Sahib University, Dr Jasbir Singh Ahluwalia, has dared SGPC president Avtar Singh Makkar to have a CBI inquiry against both of them not only corruption but other malpractices.\"It is high time for CBI probe against both Avtar Singh Makkar and myself into not only corruption charges but other malpractices of Makkar also which have brought the university, the dream project of Punjab chief minister Prakash Singh Badal and the aspiration of the Sikh community, to the stage of collapse,\" Ahluwalia said in a written statement on Thursday.\"As many as 92 appointments have been made at the dictate of Makkar, when I was admitted in the PGI after bullet attack on my life, with no posts created, no qualification fixed, no advertisement and no interviews,\" he said.He also said \"Makkar would be criminally liable if I am assaulted again, because Makkar has withdrawn security van iprovided to me by government accompanied me,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "15331911", "title": "Give relief to kin of man killed in fake encounter: J&K; panel", "text": "SRINAGAR: The State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) on Thursday ordered compensation for the family of a 60-year-old man after concluding that the Army had killed him in a staged encounter in north Kashmir's Kupwara district in October 2010.The commission said some unknown gunmen had picked Mukhtar Ahmad Shiekh up from his house and taken him to Bhawan Watsar forests in Kupwara, where he was killed in the encounter \"staged for vested interests''. It said he was branded a militant though he had nothing to do with militancy.The SHRC recommended Rs 4 lakh or a government job as compensation for Sheikh's family.Independent legislator Engineer Rashid, who had filed a complaint in this regard, said the decision has once again proved that the Army ``is behaving as if it has a free hand to kill innocent Kashmiris''.He said the decision has come at a time when the Army has recently killed another innocent in Bandipora in a fake encounter.The Army had claimed to have killed Sheikh, who worked as a domestic help, in a \"fierce gun battle'' on October 17, 2010.Rashid had filed the petition on November 15, 2010 and sought a probe into the killing and compensation for Sheikh's family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15332795", "title": "Babus queue up for poll tickets in Himachal Pradesh", "text": "SHIMLA: With the assembly elections round the corner, Himachal Pradesh babus are rushing to join the poll fray after dumping their jobs.A few of them have already quit their jobs to enter politics while some others are still contemplating such a move in the coming days. From IAS officers to professors, all of them now want a piece of the poll cake even though it may not be a cakewalk for them in the elections.During the bypoll held in Renuka assembly constituency on November 30 last, BJP had fielded Himachal Pradesh administrative cadre officer Hirda Ram who won the polls. Taking a cue from him, this time around the number of government employees eyeing the polls has increased considerably.Beni Prasad, regional manager with Himachal Road Transport Corporation, did not think twice before quitting his job for a Congress ticket from Palampur assembly seat. Belonging to Gaddi community, Beni Prasad, who has been in the government service for 18 years, is claiming the support of his community.In Nalagarh, a superintending engineer with the irrigation and public health department, K L Thakur, has sought voluntary retirement as he is likely to get the BJP ticket.Assistant professor at Himachal Pradesh University's department of tourism, Chander Mohan Parsheera has staked claim to BJP ticket from Lahaul-Spiti. After getting the nod from the party leadership, Parsheera is all set to take voluntary retirement from the job. Another university professor Pramod Sharma from department of business administration has made up his mind to contest from Theog assembly seat as Trinamool Congress candidate.Horticulture scientist at Y S Parmar University of Horticulture Science and Forestry A S Chandel has taken voluntary retirement to contest on a BJP ticket from Theog.From Rampur reserved seat, IAS officer P S Draik may join the fray as a BJP candidate while from Arki assembly seat S C Paul, additional secretary in the CM's office, has emerged as a strong contender.Dismal performance of BJP in mayoral elections of Shimla municipal corporation has forced the party to look for fresh candidates having clean image for Shimla urban seat. Financial commissioner (industries) J S Rana may bag the ticket this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "15333211", "title": "Slower, longer sperm wins fertility race", "text": "NEW YORK: Scientists have discovered that it is not the fastest swimming sperm that is most likely to succeed in fertilizing the egg but the slower and longer one.Researchers from Syracuse University found that in sperm competition in fruit flies (Drosophila melanogaster) slower and longer sperms outcompete their faster rivals. The research team led by Stefan Lupold, a post-doctoral researcher in the Department of Biology in the College of Arts and Sciences made the discovery using fruit flies that were genetically altered so that the heads of their sperm glow fluorescent green or red under the microscope.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15336674", "title": "Breastfeeding awareness drive held in city", "text": "GUWAHATI: National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), in collaboration with Unicef , Assam on Thursday organized a special awareness programme on the benefits of breastfeeding on the occasion of World Breastfeeding Week at Gauhati Medical College Hospital (GMCH). This year, the main focus was to make people aware of the benefits of mother's milk over artificial baby food, which causes immunity loss and even low IQ.J N Sarmah from the department of paediatrics, GMCH said, \"The status of breastfeeding has not improved in the state much in the last 20 years, and people still opt for artificial baby food though it has been scientifically proven that the mother's first yellow milk is a must for every child after birth.\"\"Initially, when the Breastfeeding Week was introduced, the focus was on the Baby-Friendly Hospital Initiative (BFHI) as it was felt that if an environment could be provided in the hospital itself where the child's needs and problems were addressed properly, then mothers too would know how to take care of their babies' needs,\" he said.It was also said that one of the causes of the high infant mortality rate (IMR) is not breastfeeding the baby properly when ideally, a child should be fed only mother's milk for the first six months.Vandana Joshi, nutrition specialist, Unicef, Assam said, \"Over the last 20 years, the percentage of babies being breastfed in the state is only 50, which is very low. We need to create awareness, not only during occasions like Breastfeeding Week, but all the year round.\"Sajida Ahmed, former HOD, dept of community medicine, GMCH, said, \"Mother's milk contains lactose, protein and essential fat which help in the development of the child. Breastfeeding also reduced the chances of ovarian and breast cancer in the mother. Doctors need to advise new mothers on how they should breastfeed the child properly and thus help develop a psychological bond between the child and the mother,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "haibowal", "code": "15336967", "title": "Simple meals keep them going", "text": "HAIBOWAL: Muhammad Saleem's family believes in keeping their iftaar simple and light during Ramzan. They break their day-long 'roza' with dates, lime water, fruit juices and homemade 'pakodas' and 'samosas'.A professor of economics at a city college, Saleem says he observes each roza during Ramzan with his wife Farzana Khan. A native resident of Malerkotla, he has been living in Ludhiana for last 20 years. \"While my wife and I fast throughout Ramzan, our daughter, Sadaf, who is pursuing her BCA, and son Imroze fast only 10-12 days, as they have to study and work hard throughout the day,\" says Saleem.\"We keep our iftaar and sehri meals very simple. The dates we break our fast with are specially brought from Saudi Arabia. Even the homemade snacks are cooked in light oil,\" adds Saleem.The family offers maghrib prayers after iftaar and eat their dinner later, which again is a light one, including lentils, chapattis and vegetable curry.His wife Farzana says, \"We cut down on the oil and spice content in our food during Ramzan, as it creates stomach problems when we fast throughout the day. It is only on the holidays that we cook heavy cuisines like 'biryani', mutton 'korma' and chicken dishes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15334667", "title": "30 bags of smuggled PDS rice seized", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Wednesday seized 30 bags of rice meant for the public distribution system from a van near Maduravoyal during a routine check. The rice was being smuggled to Karnataka, police said.At the checkpost, as police signalled the vehicle to stop, the driver sped away. Police immediately gave chase on the Chennai-Bangalore highway and the driver abandoned the vehicle and fled. Police, who found 30 bags of rice in the van, have approached the road transport authorities to verify the address of the owner of the vehicle. A few documents were also seized from the vehicle.Earlier this month, food cell officials intercepted a lorry on the same highway and seized 77 bags of PDS rice being smuggled out of the state. Police said smugglers buy PDS rice for Rs 4-5 per kg from ration card holders and smuggle it to other states to be sold at a higher price. The rice bags are usually covered with vegetables, police said. Private buses are also used to smuggle rice.In this incident on Wednesday, banana leaves and vegetables were placed over the rice bags but police managed to spot the smuggled rice. The vehicle and rice have been handed over to food cell which is now carrying out investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kavali", "code": "15332459", "title": "2 injured as rail tower car hits tractor", "text": "Kavali: Reflecting the negligence of railway staff days after the ghastly fire mishap in TN Express four days ago in Nellore, two people were critically injured when a rail tower car hit a tractor near Musunur village on Thursday. The injured were rushed to Kavali government hospital and later to Nellore government hospital when their condition became critical.The incident took place at a railway gate which was not closed despite information that the electric tower car was going through the line. The tower car was carrying the engineering officials for carrying outtrack inspection between Kavali and Nellore when it hit the tractor. Tractor driver Suresh babu and his friend Krishnaiah were injured.Gateman Ramanaiah was present at the gate but did not close it even as the tower car was passing through the line. With the condition of both the injured becoming critical, they were shifted to the Nellore hospital. Police registered a case and took the gateman into custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15334845", "title": "Rakhi turns tragic for 22-year-old", "text": "NEW DELHI: The apprehension of three minors in two separate incidents of murder and attempt to murder in outer Delhi has sent the police wondering whether a gain of a few rupees were luring youngsters to commit the gravest of crimes. Both the crimes were solved within 36 hours suggesting these murders were commited in the spurt of the moment in front of several eyewitnesses. While the first incident was reported from Rohini, the second incident was reported from Mongolpuri. In the first instance, the victim, a 6-year-old child, was asked to pay up Rs 600 which he had borrowed for Rakhi. In the second incident, the 22-year-old deceased was murdered after two 15-year-olds - egged on by their adult friend - refused to Rs 150 that they had borrowed from the deceased. The deceased wanted the money to buy sweets for his sister.In the first incident, an information was received on July 27 through control room that some unknown person had thrown a child aged about 5-6 yers, behind Teen Murti Temple in the sector -24 of Rohini. The child was squirming and blood was oozing out from his mouth. ``The doctors at the hospital had mentioned multiple deep lacerated wounds present all over the scalp and incised wound over the neck and declared the patient unfit for statement. The crime team was called on the spot, which inspected the crime scene and took photographs,'' said B S Jaiswal, DCP (outer).During the course of investigation, a number of persons were interrogated and raids were conducted at various places. Although the victim was unable to speak, his identity was fixed as resident of Budh Vihar by way of putting his fingers on alphabets and by way of showing list of different categories of names. ``The parents of the victim were interrogated, but no fruitful information came on record to crack the case. At last on the basis of secret information, and clue provided by the victim through gestures one juvenile was apprehended from his house. On formal interrogation, he disclosed his involvement in the crime. He further disclosed that he works as a casual labour at a sweet shop in Rohini area and he was a friend of the victim. On July 27, he had little altercation with his friend (the victim) as he was not returning his Rs. 600. As this altercation went on, he assaulted his friend with a piece of brick and cut his neck with the help of sharp edge of iron buckle of Belt and fled away from the spot. On the instance of the apprehended boy, the weapon of offence - blood stained iron buckle with belt- along with the blood stained piece of brick and blood stained pant worn by the juvenile has been recovered.The police said in the second instance Sanjay, a resident of Mongolpuri was returning home in E block to buy sweets for his sister when he came across one of his neighbours who had borrowed Rs 150 from him. Sanjay, a daily wage earner asked him to return Rs 150 as he wanted to buy sweets for his sister. When the neighbour refused, he allegedly slapped him. The police said the neighbour then called four others who stabbed Sanjay several times. Sanjay died at the spot, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15333116", "title": "Railways in state put key safety plans on waiting list", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Despite clamour from various corners to increase safety of passengers in stations and trains, the railways seems to be in no hurry even to implement the proposed surveillance security system in railway stations in the state.As part of the move to put in place a high-end integrated security surveillance system (ISS) in 14 major stations in the south, it was decided to include stations in state capital, Ernakulam, and Kozhikode from the state. Railway's initial plan was to set up the system by March 2012, but it pushed the date of commissioning for Kerala to July 2012.Well past deadline, the railway has not even bought the required equipment yet. A senior security official of the Southern Railway said the works for installing the CCTV cameras are half-way through but it would not be operational in near future. The reason he attributed is the delay in purchase of cameras and other security apparatus.The ISS includes CCTV system with around 50 surveillance cameras in each station apart from vehicle scanning systems at entry or exit points and doorframe metal detectors.Sub Inspector of railway police force, Kozhikode, Sashidharan, said if the system is put in place in railway stations, it will help in containing crimes in major city stations.\"The surveillance cameras will help in keeping a tab on passengers in platforms, booking offices, food parlours and parking spaces. It will help in tracing the persons involved in criminal activities in railway stations,\" he said.Sources at RPF said the security system will reduce petty crimes such pick-pocketing and ensure greater safety to women and children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15337299", "title": "Cops may give clean chit to BJP MLA, others in firing case", "text": "INDORE: Police seem to be all set to give clean chit to Bharatiya Janata Party MLA Sudarshan Gupta and others named in the FIR in connection with a firing case in which a person was injured on Monday last during a Kawad yatra. The move is after the police reportedly failed gather any solid evidence against the legislator and others figured in the case to substantiate the charges.Without naming Gupta directly, senior superintendent of police (SSP) A Sai Manohar said that police in its investigation found that the people named in the FIR were not involved in the firing.During the investigation, Manohar said police visited the crime spot and conducted a through probe examining various factors including the direction from which the accused opened fire on the victim. Police also talked to some of the Kawad yatris, who were present at the spot when the incident took place, and found that those named in the FIR were not involved in the firing, said the SSP.The firing and the subsequent inclusion of Gupta in the FIR had created a lot of hue and cry in the city. Many BJP and RSS members gheroed the police station and handed over memorandum to senior police officers demanding a re-investigation into the case.Even Gupta also said that he wanted a proper investigation into the case again and demanded to bring to the book the real accused, who fired upon Manoj Parmar and injured him. The BJP MLA also demanded that police should investigate that who forced the cops to include his name in the FIR and action against them.A few unidentified persons opened fire at Parmar during a Kawad yatra on Monday evening. The incident took place at around 7.30 pm when a Kawad yatra began from Bhuteshwar temple. Parmar was also participating in the yatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15337680", "title": "Usurping basement: Breach is a norm, not exception in MP Nagar", "text": "BHOPAL: The problem of basements meant for parking lot, but occupied by shopkeepers has assumed serious proportions in MP Nagar, the busiest business hub of Bhopal.Almost every commercial cum residential complex in MP Nagar zone I and II have basement with no parking lots, forcing commuters to park vehicles on roads. This, needless to say, creates traffic jams on wide concrete roads of MP Nagar leaving hardly any place for pedestrian to walk.However, the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) is helpless. \"Most of these shop owners have obtained stay from either the high court or the local courts. We have submitted our report on this issue in the courts as well. We are just hoping that the court vacates the stay and we can get into action as soon as possible,\" BMC Rajneesh Shrivastava said.There are more than 10,000 commercial establishments in more than 500 commercial buildings, including hotels, banks, shops and coaching classes in MP Nagar Zone I and II, a BMC official said.As basements in buildings lack parking facilities and existing parking area just not enough, vehicles are parked haphazardly and springing up of illegal parking lots in the area, a shopkeeper rued.\"Majority of basements are being used by shopkeepers while many use these basements as godowns,\" a shopkeeper said.Interestingly, even big shopping complexes like Vishal mega mart and others lack sufficient parking space for their employees and customers to park their vehicles.\"There is a small parking space behind the building where the shopping mart is. It can hardly accommodate 10 four-wheelers. If the shops in the basement of this building are removed and converted into parking space, there would be enough space to park vehicles there. This would clear road for the traffic,\" a shopkeeper said.\"We have a small parking space in the basement, which can be used by customers as well. The parking is basically meant for people working in the City Centre, but it can also be used by customers. We need some more space for parking especially during festival time, when we have more customers,\" Sumit Rohira, assistant manager, Vishal mega mart said.\"Each of these commercial buildings can accommodate at least 10 four-wheelers and nearly 25 two- wheelers. This will completely solve the problem of parking and reduce traffic chaos here,\" BMC officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15335695", "title": "Jaya Prada getting into film production", "text": "It isn't the first time Jaya Prada is toying with the idea of getting into film production.However,this time round,the actress is rather resolute in her plans,and is all set to shift base to Mumbai,where she will start a full-fledged production house.For starters,Jaya has bought an office in Juhu.A source close to her told TOI,\"Jaya has also bought a plush flat in Goregaon.She is very keen to produce Hindi films and is in talks with many directors.She has signed Dinkar Kapoor,who assisted Abbas-Mustan in Baazigar to direct her first venture as producer,which however will be a Bhojpuri film.After that,she will concentrate mainly on the Hindi market.\"Kapoor will direct the remake of the super hit South film, Matru Devo Bhava ,which was earlier made in Telugu in 1993.Jaya,who has bought the rights of the film,will head the cast,with Manoj Tiwari playing the male lead opposite her.When contacted,Manoj said,\"I play Jaya's husband,who is an alcoholic.By the time he tries to mend his ways,it's too late. He added,\"I am very excited about doing this film.I will be playing a drunkard for the first time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15333769", "title": "Principals oppose order to share bus route details", "text": "NEW DELHI: The directive to send lists of bus routes, students travelling on them and their bus stops to the transport department and the directorate of education hasn't gone down well with school principals and parents.\"It is an incomprehensible directive,\" says Madhulika Sen, principal, Tagore International School (Vasant Vihar), \"What is the guarantee that this information will be safe with the departments? I am very wary of giving away such information to any outside agency. It is the responsibility of the school to check antecedents. I will talk to the local traffic authorities and will not be sending them any details till I am fully convinced.\" Principals fear that such information, if leaked, could render the children vulnerable to crimes like kidnapping.The traffic police clarified that they require only that the documentation be available on the bus. Schools need not submit lists to them. \"What will we do with so many documents? Buses should carry the papers,\" says Satyendra Garg, joint commissioner (traffic).School authorities, too, are wondering what purpose this gathering of paperwork will serve. \"We have attendance registers, our conductors are literate and bus routes are pasted inside the vehicles. But this directive is opening out a situation where this information can go to all sorts of people. Kids come from all sorts of backgrounds. And what is the plan? Are they going to plant people at the stops?\" asks Ameeta Mulla Wattal, principal, Sprindales School (Pusa Road).\"Will they go around with the lists?\" wonders R C Jain, president, Delhi State Public Schools Management Association. \"This submission of lists is not feasible. The lists will keep changing. This is interference in the school's functioning,\" he argues adding, \"If the information gets out, it could be misused. Kids can be kidnapped from their bus-stops.\"Parents aren't too keen on sharing information either. \"I would never want to pass on that kind of information,\" says Dr Mala Gupta, categorically. Her son who studies in the 10th grade takes the bus to school. \"He is travelling alone and we wouldn't want people to know where he is boarding the bus. We rely on the school for the safety,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15332726", "title": "Home-alone woman strangled to death in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: A 48-year-old homemaker was strangled at her residence in a three-storey building in Meenakashi Layout, Parappana Agrahara on Thursday. The house is around 500 metres from a Karnataka State Reserve Police battalion.Police sources said a man and woman, who're using the Dandupalya gangsters' modus operandi to kill home-alone women, are prime suspects.K Karthikeyan returned home around 2.30pm and found his mother Kalai Vani Kanakaraj unconscious in the bedroom with both her hands and legs tied and a piece of cloth stuffed in her mouth. She was rushed shifted to Green View Hospital where she died an hour later. Her gold chain is missing but other valuables at home are intact, police said.Vani is survived by her husband Kanakaraj, a cloth merchant, two sons and a daughter. Kanakaraj has his shop near their house. His eldest daughter resides with her husband in SR Nagar. The younger son is studying BE in Chennai and Karthikeyan assists his father in the business.The main door was intact indicating that assailants hadn't opened it by force. \"The house is fully protected with iron grills and gates. While Kanakaraj's family stayed on the ground floor, houses in the upper floors have been rented out. The assailants tied her up first, gagged her and then strangled her,\" said deputy commissioner of police (south-east) PS Harsha.Karthikeyan said he usually calls the landline at home to ask his mother what he should bring home. \"But today the phone just kept ringing,\" he added. \"I came home and found the door wide open. I entered the bedroom to find her lying unconscious,\" he said.Karthikeyan's wife Hemavathi had gone to her parents' house in Rajajinagar.A relative, V Selvakumar, said his aunt Vani rarely opened the doors to strangers but would do so to those who came asking for water or help.Police suspect the involvement of a couple who allegedly slit a home-alone woman's throat in Vijayanagar in February. \"Due to the presence of KSRP personnel, robberies like chain-snatching and mugging are rare. We had not heard of any major crime in the locailty,\" said Aadi Lakshmamma, an old resident of Meenakshi Layout.Filed by / Cleared S Prasad/ es", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15332176", "title": "HC says no to stop-gap circuit bench", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee's plans to inaugurate the Jalpaiguri circuit bench received a severe blow last week when the Calcutta high court Chief Justice J N Patel turned down the proposal, saying there was no infrastructure for even temporary functioning of the court.Justice Patel also wants the Chief Justice of India S H Kapadia to be present at the foundation stone laying ceremony. The government should, therefore, decide on the date only after consultation with the CJI.During her north Bengal tour on July 10, Mamata had announced in Jalpaiguri that she would return on August 18 to lay the foundation of the circuit bench and inaugurate the temporary court which would start operating soon. The circuit bench would come handy be a lot of helpto the litigants from north Bengal, who now have to travel all the way to Kolkata for hearings in cases taken up by the high court.Keeping this in mind, the chief minister has been trying to push the project pending since years. But her announcement on July 10 gave rise to speculations among the high court judges. Officials at the Writers' Buildings revealed they have been receiving negative vibes against the government's plan to get the circuit bench rolling. The judges had expressed negative views on the issue at a meeting in July. They also decided to request the chief justice to take up the matter.And his letter addressed to state law minister Moloy Ghatak indicates that he has taken up the issue. The high court, it seems, is of the opinion that the state government was in a hurry with the projectwithout taking requisite preparations. According to the high court judges, the circuit bench would take at least one-and-a-half-years to take shape.A zilla parishad bungalow will house the circuit bench temporarily.Four courtrooms, clerks' offices, a library and a room for the bar association has also been set up temporarily. As for the judges' accommodation, four suites in an annexe building of the circuit house have been identified. The chief justice would have been put up at an irrigation bungalow which is also being revamped.The government has also identified a 40-acre plot inside the Siliguri-Jalpaiguri Development Authority complex for construction of the permanent building of the circuit bench.All this now seems to have run into procedural flaw as only the President of India can issue a notification on beginning a Circuit Bench. That, too, after the chief justice of the high court informs the Supreme Court. The apex court, in turn, must communicate the matter to the Union law ministry and it is the ministry which would let the President know. No circuit bench can start operations without the Presidential notification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15333690", "title": "Corporation restores tree hurt by construction", "text": "NEW DELHI: A plumeria, which was badly damaged due to ongoing construction work in South Extension part-II, was restored by the horticulture department of South Delhi Municipal Corporation on Wednesday. Officials say roots of the tree were damaged due to the construction activity. Though the tree was re-planted and horticulture officials are hopeful that it will take root in a few weeks and start growing again, environmentalists have demanded strict action against the offenders.On Wednesday, Green Circle, a group working for the city's environment, was informed about the damage caused to the plumeria tree. \"We immediately informed South Corporation's horticulture department regarding this. They were prompt in taking action. As the roots of the tree had weakened, it was partially uprooted and had fallen on the colony road,'' said Suhas Borker, founder of Green Circle-Delhi.According to a South Corporation official, \"The tree got damaged due to the ongoing construction activity on the plot. The builder was constructing the boundary wall. Though the builder had kept the tree outside the compound, the roots were damaged during the construction of the wall.\"But people working at the site say the tree was weak and got damaged as it is right above the drain. \"MCD officials had asked us to break a portion of the wall near the tree. The roots didn't get damaged due to the construction of the wall. The tree was weak,'' said the supervisor of the building.South Corporation has re-planted the tree, but environmentalists are upset that the civic agency is unable to keep a check on the damage done to trees in residential colonies due to the ongoing construction activity.\"The civic agency plays a crucial role in maintaining the greens in the city. They should have a system in place to check that there is no damage caused to the trees, especially in residential colonies. The civic agency should take help from RWAs,'' said Borker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15332068", "title": "Team Anna can\u2019t hold govt to ransom: Soni", "text": "NEW DELHI: The decision by Team Anna members to end their fast drew varied reactions across the political spectrum on Thursday. Congress's Ambika Soni said, \"I am glad they agreed to call off the fast ...they can't hold government to ransom.\"On the activists' political tilt, she said \"they will realize what are the compulsions, what are the responsibilities\" of being in politics. She said the Congress had always held that Team Anna was goaded by politics.BJP's Shahnawaz Hussain, while dismissing any encroachment into their political space by Team Anna, said, \"There are more than 60 parties and seven national parties in India. Everybody has the right to form a party and to contest polls. Nobody has the authority to prevent anybody from entering the fray.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15333723", "title": "Team Anna's political entry disheartening: SP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party leader Mohan Singh has termed the decision of Team Anna to enter politics as very disheartening. \"I am sorry to hear that such a strong tirade against corruption has come to an end and that too in the name of political alternative,\" Mohan Singh told reporters on Thursday.The statement came after Anna and his team on Thursday evening announced that they would end their fast-unto-death at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi on Friday evening and work towards providing a political alternative to the people so that the public at large can contribute in installing a government that can fight corruption in letter and spirit.\"This was perhaps the only major tirade against corruption in our country since Independence and people have gone out of their way to chip in their bit to add power to the agitation. I was hopeful that Anna and his team will be able to bring about a radical change in terms of corruption in the state. But things seem to have lost their direction,\" Mohan Singh said.Mohan Singh said of late the Anna agitation has been plagued by contradictions within the team.\"On one side Anna maintained that the agitation was for the passage of a strong Lokpal bill while his team members claimed that it was to compel the government appoint a special investigating team (SIT) to probe into the allegations leveled against the ministers in the UPA cabinet,\" Mohan Singh said. Such contradictions were indicative of the fact that the movement was losing steam, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15333273", "title": "Parents should be more assertive with their wards, says expert", "text": "COIMBATORE: R Srinath (name changed), the only child was thoroughly spoiled by his parents who bought him everything he asked for. It was when he was in class 10 that his demands became excessive. In addition to his expensive cell phones and clothes, he desperately wanted a bike. It was at this point his parents decided to take him to a counsellor.Dr Shalini Somesh, a child psychologist says that Srinath responded to the counselling positively, but later his demands became even more excessive. \"One day he demanded Rs 50,000 and became violent when his parents failed to oblige. He was given psychiatric treatment,\" she says. The youth who is studying in a city college is till undergoing treatment for his violent nature, says Shalini.Shalini who was talking about mental health issues among teenagers at the Suguna RIP V Matriculation School in the city on Wednesday said that many of the problems among teenagers and youngsters are due to the lack of assertiveness of parents. \"Parents should say no when needed. If not possible, they should at least postpone meeting the demand,\" she says.At the same time, Shalini says that the nature of problems among this age group is different from what it was a few years ago. \"Mobile phones and electronic gadgets are some of the biggest culprits,\" she says. Many romantic relationships are developed as a mobile will allow one to talk under a blanket the whole night. Mobile phones may be essential for many, but their misuse should be checked.These electronic gadgets also compound the health issues faced by children these days, says Dr Usha Elango, the president of the Indian Association of Paediatrics (IAP), Coimbatore. Constant use of mobile phones and social networking sites leaves children with no time for exercise, leading to obesity and other health issues. \"I had got the case of a boy who had developed arthritis in his fingers as he used to send around 6,000 messages a day!,\" she says.Dr Usha says that many youngsters are overweight. Eating high quantities of junk food and lack of exercise are some of the main problems among youth, she says. She says that parents, teachers and the students themselves should be made aware of the ill effects of their habits or lifestyle. \"Both parents and children should be aware of the present day challenges they face. If problems persist don't hesitate to consult a psychologist,\" she suggests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "15333355", "title": "Kannur remains tense, sees widespread violence", "text": "KANNUR: The district remained tense for the second consecutive day. On Thursday, as part of the dawn-to-dusk hartal called by the CPM to protest the arrest of P Jayarajan, party workers unleashed violence in many places.In Kannur Town police station limits, nine cases were registered on Wednesday and Thursday, while the total number of cases registered in the district against CPM workers was more than 40. Kannur Town police have also filed cases against CPM leaders like M V Jayarajan, P K Sreemathi and K P Sahadevan.Over the past two days more than 100 party offices were targeted in the district, including over 70 Congress offices and around 30 IUML offices. In retaliation, the Kannur Town West CPM office was attacked by an angry mob in the early hours of Thursday. The Indian Coffee House in town was also attacked.Most of the attacks were reported in the early hours of Thursday from Thalassery, Payyannur, Iritty and Koothuparamba areas. In Moonuperiya near Peralassery, police used grenades to disperse an angry mob and 18 people have been arrested. In Payyannur, police association district secretary K J Mathew's car was set on fire. Mediapersons were also targeted by protesters in various places.In view of the tense situation, 265 Rapid Action Force (RAF) personnel of the CRPF, including 24 female personnel, reached Kannur on Thursday morning. After reporting to ADGP Rajesh Dhiwan, they are lodged at the KAP camp in Mangattuparamaba. They would be in the district for three days, and would be deployed if the need arises.The ADGP said that Malabar Special Police (MSP) and Kerala Armed Police (KAP) from neighbouring districts have already been deployed at various parts of Kannur district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15332466", "title": "UK doctor saves drowning pet tortoise by resuscitation", "text": "LONDON: In a bizarre incident, a quick-thinking doctor in the UK saved the life of his pet tortoise, which was drowning in a water bowl, by giving it mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. The eight-year-old reptile, Atlas, appeared to have drowned in his water bowl at Ben Waterfall's home in Swimbridge, Devon.The horrified family doctor saw the tortoise half submerged in the bowl and picked him up to find he was not breathing. But the determined 34-year-old acted fast, and spent six minutes giving his pet mouth to mouth until the tortoise started breathing again, the Daily Mail said.Waterfall had been tending his garden when he had walked past Atlas's run and noticed that his pet was in serious trouble. \"I saw his back feet sticking up out of the water. I pulled him out but he was not breathing and was completely floppy,\" Waterfall said.\"I did six minutes of mouth-to-mouth before he slowly started breathing and blinking,\" he added. \"I first started doing it and I had my mouth over his whole head, mouth, nose and nostrils. Then I changed it to breathing into his nostrils,\" he said.\"He has a run outdoors which had some water in a concrete container. He had just fallen in. He was essentially dead,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15336584", "title": "24000 litres of kerosene seized in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: The Ranchi district administration seized around 24,000 litres of kerosene from three different places in the capital and arrested two people on charges of hoarding commodity meant for distribution through the public distribution system.SDO Shekhar Jamuar said Ranchi deputy commissioner Vinay Kumar Choubey received a tip off that a t huge stock of blue kerosene oil was stocked illegally at three different places following which three police teams under magistrates were set up to conduct raids.Late on Wednesday night simultaneous raids were conducted at three places under the Pandra, Sukhdeo Nagar and Kotwali police stations from where 4,400, 3,000 and 16,000 litres of kerosene oil were seized. At the locations in Pandra and Sukhdeo Nagar two people were arrested. They have been booked under Section 7 of the Essential Commodities Act. \"The kerosene oil was kept in a garage near a petrol pump under the Kotwali police station from where the entire stock was confiscated,\" Jamuar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15338540", "title": "East Bengal are the team to watch out for this season: Ishfaq", "text": "KOLKATA: Former Mohun Bagan player Ishfaq Ahmed is back to Kolkata after spending just one season in Goa, turning out for Salgaocar SC last season. And, this time he will be playing for the arch rivals of the green and maroons: East Bengal.But, above all that, the Kashmiri is happy that he will once again be plying his trade in Kolkata. \"I am extremely delighted to be back in Kolkata. It is like home coming for me,\" said Ishfaq on Friday.So, why did Ishfaq chose to play for East Bengal this time round? \"Well, I had already played for Mohun Bagan so it was my personal wish to play for East Bengal. Moreover, they have got a very good squad and a very good coach (Trevor Morgan). Thus, it was not a very difficult choice to make for me,\" he added.Ishfaq, who usually operates in the midfield but can also play as a striker and even turned out as a side-back in a couple of matches for Salgaocar, is not in favour of setting any long-term goals for the upcoming season. \"I don't set long-term goals. I just want to help my new team in all possible ways in each and every match. I personally think East Bengal are the team to watch out for this season,\" Ishfaq said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15333985", "title": "Nagpur University to celebrate 89th Foundation Day", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University, which is embroiled in a series of scams and paper leaks, will celebrate its 89th Foundation Day on Saturday. Vice chancellor of Shivaji University, NJ Pawar will be the chief guest at the function to be held at NU's Guru Nanak auditorium on Amravati Road from 10.30am. EGS minister Nitin Raut will share the dais while vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal will preside over.Addressing a press meet, Sapkal informed that NU will honour former mayor and Senate member Atal Bahadur Singh, ex-NEERI director Tapan Chakraborty, president of Deaf and Dumb School, Saoner, Narayan Samarth and activist of Janardhan Swami Yogyabhasi Mandal, Ram Khandwe with Jeevan Sadhana award.The university will also honour principal of Ramdeobaba College, Vishwas Deshpande, and principal of Rajkamal Baburao Tidke College, Vinod Gawande with 'Best principal' award. Best teacher award will be given to Kishor Deshmukh, Ashok Gomase and SN Kishor. NU Estate officer Vinod Ilme will be given best officer award while those who have won laurels in non-teaching categories include - VC's driver Damodar Kuthe, Ramesh Meher from NU's engineering department and Sandip Hiwarkar from Sant Gadgebaba College in Hingna.NU will also honour confer 'Best Student' award on Sumit Nagrare from Tulsiramji Gaikwad Patil Engineering College, Aditya Sarve from Nagpur Sharirik Shikshan Mahavidyalaya, Arohi Agarkar from Hislop College and Kamakshi Bandekar from Laxminarayan Institute of Technology (LIT).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15336385", "title": "A jewellery fashion show in Kolkata", "text": "It was an evening steeped in heritage with a dose of the contemporary. Held at a city five star, the jewellery fashion show saw city models flaunt exquisite hand-crafted pieces from a host of renowned jewellers.The intricate patterns studded with diamonds and precious and semi-precious stones were sure to catch the eye. The delicate meenakari, naksi and kundan-jadau boasted antique finesse. The fusion of fashion and jewellery was successfully represented at the show, highlighting the art of ornamentmaking in Bengal.Top city models like Madhabilata, Sonika, Suchira and Moitree walked the ramp, adding zing to the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "15333521", "title": "Pune blasts: Police step up vigil in Aurangabad", "text": "AURANGABAD: The police on Thursday tightened bandobast operations and stepped up vigil in the city in the wake of the serial blasts on Jangli Maharaj Road in Pune, said deputy commissioner of police Somnath Gharge.He said that immediately after receiving information about the blasts, commissioner of police Sanjay Kumar convened a meeting to prepare a strategy to meet any eventuality. He ordered nakabandi to check all vehicles coming in from Pune and alerted three bomb detection and disposal squads as well as the quick response team.The meeting also reviewed all standard operating procedures to meet any eventuality. \"Theatres, multiplexes and malls have been alerted and directed to be extra careful. Patrolling around important installations and establishments, like bus stands and the railway station, has been increased. Bandobast has also been enhanced at the government medical college and hospital,\" Gharge added.Police stations have been asked to identify strategic places where patrolling could be increased, he said.\"We have also urged the managements of mosques, where a large number of people gather to offer prayers on Friday, to arrange for volunteers and keep all types of vehicles away from the places of worship. It has been observed that mischief-mongers and terrorists use vehicles, including two-wheelers, to plant low intensity explosive devices. It is always better that vehicles are parked away from places of congregation,\" Gharge said, adding that the police would continue its vigil at vital installations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15332284", "title": "Presidency pushes the boundaries", "text": "KOLKATA: Seldom has a state university crossed national boundaries to scout for the best brains to help it grow into a world-class institution as Presidency has.It's too early to say if the newly formed university will live up to its expectations but it is taking on board the people that can make it happen. With illustrious scholars like Somak Roychaudhuri from Birmingham University and Adhar C Manna and Suddhasil Sen from Sanford, Presidency is keen to chart out a reversal of the much talked about brain drain from Bengal.It's an impressive start indeed for a state that had sacrificed merit at the altar of political loyalty for decades.The appointments are only half way through. Since the university's first council meeting in June, where the first appointments were made, there have been 49 recruitments - 32 of them from leading national and foreign universities like Birmingham, Sanford, Heidelberg and Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (TIFR). Only 17 of the original Presidency faculty have made it to the university.These appointments pertain to eight of the 18 departments - English, history, statistics, economics, physics, chemistry, geology and Hindi.Interviews for Philosophy have been slated for August 7 and sociology for August 9 and 10. \"There are 12 more subjects to go. In August we shall make more appointments in both humanities and science. We will complete the first 100 appointments by September. We have also got applications from Cornell University and Arizona State University ,\" said a senior member of the Presidency mentor group set up by chief minister Mamata Banerjee .Unlike other state universities, the screening committee for Presidency has by and large adhered to the academic performance index (API) followed by centres of excellence such as Jawaharlal Nehru University.The API gives weightage to several performance categories - authoring books of international/national standard, editing volumes of international/national standard in which at least one article has to be written by the editor, supervising PhD thesis, guiding MPhil students, participating in academic seminars and the like.A candidate has to score a minimum of 400 points on the API to be considered for a teaching post. The performance index, however, has no room for teaching experience, though it comes in the eligibility criteria for applying for different grades - assistant professor, associate professor and professor.The API has been relaxed to some extent because state universities have not given effect to the new UGC scale as yet.In spite of the relaxed API scale, 15 of the 32 Presidency College teachers who applied for the university teaching posts could not meet the prescribed criteria.\"Eight of 10 teachers who applied for the posts of professor have been selected. No one from the English and history departments could make it to the posts of associate and assistant professor. Four out of the six teachers from the statistics and economics departments who applied, and five of 11 from the physics department, made the cut,\" a university teacher said.The rest are from foreign universities. They include Somak Roychaudhuri teacher of astrophysics and space research at the school of physics and astronomy in the University of Birmingham, Adhar C Manna assistant professor, biomedical sciences, Sanford School of Medicine, Kiranmoy Das, assistant professor in statistics at Fox School from Penn State University , Milinda Banerjee from Karl Jaspers Centre for Advanced Transcultural Studies, Heidelberg University, Sraman Mukherjee from International Institute of Asian Studies in Leiden, Netherlands and Suddhashil Sen from Stanforniversity.More such appointments are likely to follow because the university plans postgraduate courses in all departments that already have in undergraduate studies.The university won't release the existing Presidency college staff, who could not make it to the new university, just yet. \"Let the selection process be over,\" said Presidency vice-chancellor Malabika Sarkar. The state government, on the other hand, prefers to wait for the \"release letter\" from the university before it redeploys the college staff to other government colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15333194", "title": "New weighing machine to detect child malnutrition", "text": "JAIPUR: Severe acute malnutrition (SAM), which is one of the causes of infant mortality, will now be very easy to detect for auxiliary nurse midwife as the state medical health and family welfare department along with Unicef have introduced a simple-to-use baby weighing scale.The health department would distribute these baby weighing scales to all the ANMs for rapid health assessment of the under-5 children in the state.Malnutrition among children is a serious issue in the state. Recently, the Hungama (Hunger and Malnutrition) survey carried out in 112 districts in the country stated that more than 42% of children under five years are underweight.Out of the 112 districts, 10 districts are in Rajasthan. The 10 districts are Banswara, Baran, Jaisalmer, Jhalawar, Dholpur, Dungarpur, Barmer, Bharatpur, Karauli and Kota where severe underweight children are 25%, 13%, 11%, 20%, 18%, 29%, 18%, 21%, 18% and 13% respectively. The survey shows that the cases of malnutrition are commonly reported in tribal areas like Sahariya.National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) Rajasthan mission director Gayatri Rathore said, \"The weighing scales will be easy to use and we will distribute them to all ANMs in the state. The ANMs after detecting SAM children will bring them to the malnutrition treatment centre.\"Earlier, malnourishment was calculated suing parameters like underweight and stunting which is a time taking process as it requires height, weight and age of the child.The new weighing scale looks like a normal hand band with colours stripes of green, yellow and red.The weighing scale would measure the thickness of a child's mid upper arm circumference (MUAC) and would indicate the nutritional status of the child. When weighing scale is tied on a thick arm and it will show green colour, indicating the child is well nourished. When it is tied on a thin arm, it will indicate yellow or red colour. If it shows red colour then the child is suffering from SAM and needs immediate medical attention. Yellow shows that the child is at risk of malnutrition.The ANMs will then admit the children with SAM at malnutrition treatment centres (MTC) opened at district levels in the state. At MTCs, these children get proper nutritious food and medicines to increase the weight.Besides, the medical and health department is planning to keep an eye on malnourished children in the state online. The ANMs in the state would feed details of each child like height and weight online which also will help the department to keep a track on each child in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15333883", "title": "After many false starts, city may get security cameras", "text": "NAGPUR: Sincere concerns need sincere action. Though the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has been making provisions in its annual budget to install Closed Circuit Television (CCTV) cameras at important junctions in the city every year since 2008, the plan has remained on paper.City police too is learnt to be working on its own proposal to install security cameras, a reminder of whose utility came in the form of Wednesday's serial blasts in Pune, but has remained without success like the civic administration. CCTV footages have in the past revealed useful coverage and aided in the investigations in crucial bomb blast cases that included attacks on Hyderabad Mecca Masjid and German bakery in Pune. In local crime scene too, city police had come close to culprits caught on security cams many times. The cameras are also useful means to crack down on traffic violators.While city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay said CCTV proposal may take longer to materialize despite a budgetary sanction of Rs 50 lakh from a public sector enterprise, NMC seems determined to install them sooner. NMC's traffic engineer Nasir Khan told TOI that the then municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal had earmarked Rs 2 crore for installing surveillance cameras at important junctions in 2012-13 budget.Sources pointed out that then civic chief Sanjay Sethi had first made financial provisions to install CCTV in his budget in 2008. \"But the standing committee rejected the move,\" added the source. Later, municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta too made provision of Rs 2 crore. Again, the standing committee ignored it.\"Recently we had made a presentation on CCTV to the deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Jivaraj Dabhade,\" said Khan. With Rs 2 crore, it will not be possible to install CCTVs at all the 140 junctions across the city, he said adding that the amount will also be spent to set up control room in DCP's office. \"In the forthcoming standing committee meeting, the proposal would be tabled,\" said Khan.In the first phase, DCP suggested installation of cameras at 16 junctions including Variety Square, Morris College T-point, RBI square, Vidhan Bhavan, GPO square, Shrimohini Complex, Jhansi Rani square, Liberty, Ramgiri, Janata Square, LIC square, Laxmi Bhavan, Shankar Nagar and Dosar Bhavan square.Dhanvijay, who is keen on the plan, said he is waiting for Mumbai police to finalize its contract. \"We will rope in the same company for Nagpur too. It is likely to happen sooner,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15332581", "title": "Govt should appoint people with sensitivity and understanding", "text": "The Karnataka State Women's Commission enjoys no powers, has no office, and doesn't have a unit in Dakshina Kannada - that hotbed of moral policing attacks. What's worse is that the commission chairperson just doesn't understand the gravity of serious attacks on women.That's no surprise because the commission, like boards and corporations, has become a parking lot for political appointees.The government should either appoint people with sensitivity and understanding, or wind up bodies that serve no meaningful purpose.Related story: Girls should skip parties, Karnataka women's panel boss says", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "15336246", "title": "Utkal Alumina to start mining in Rayagada soon", "text": "KORAPUT: Utkal Alumina International Limited (UAIL), a bauxite mining and refinery project in Rayagada district, is expected to be operational soon. \"The project is ready for commissioning and we are hopeful that it will be operational within the next six months,\" said Rajesh Kumar Jha, who took over as the new chief-executive officer (CEO) and managing director of the UAIL on Wednesday.Though the UAIL has set up a 4.5 million tonne per annum bauxite mining plant at Baphlimali hills and has established a 1.5 million tpa alumina refinery at Doragurah under Kasipur block in Rayagada district, the plant was unable to commence mining in the face of stiff resistance from locals seeking employment in the company. They also demanded the company develops basic facilities like health, education, road and drinking water in the periphery villages. Tribals, under the banner of Prakrutika Sampad Surakhya Parishad (PSSP), have been spearheading the anti-mining campaign in the area for the last few years.\"Though much work has been done under the CSR activities, in future utmost priority will be given to the development of periphery areas,\" said Jha, an IIT-Roorkey alumnus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15332519", "title": "State move to limit engineering fee burden", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government is now mulling a plan to get around Wednesday's Supreme Court directive on fee structure in professional colleges in its favour. A day after the apex court dismissed its petition against a uniform fee structure for both merit and management quota seats, the state government on Thursday found two options to reduce its fee reimbursement burden.One, it would fix an upper fee limit per student for reimbursements under the scheme. And, second, colleges will be asked to increase their management quota seats. Government officials maintained that since the SC directive deals only with the fee issue and not seat division in colleges, the two options are legally valid.The colleges, however, are crying foul. And, for students, the wait for admission has just got longer with no clarity yet on when the counseling is to commence. Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Thursday announced that a cabinet subcommittee will be formed to study the situation and come up with a solution.This is expected to further delay the admission process, which was supposed to start before August 10. The college managements, however, claimed that the cabinet does not have a role in deciding the fee structure as per the admission rules since it was the Admission and Fee Regulatory Committee which is the body responsible for the same.State officials said that they might fix an upper limit for fees reimbursed under the scheme at Rs 31,200 per annum per student (and not the revised Rs 50,200 once the uniform fee structure is implemented), which was the fee in the last academic year.Further tightening its approach, state government is considering restricting the number of students taking admission under the fee reimbursement scheme by introducing eligibility parameters such as attendance and academics apart from parental income.\"That would ensure that the state's expenditure on the scheme would remain at Rs 4,500 crore per annum,\" said an official. In addition, officials are also looking at earmarking 50% of the total seats as belonging to management quota. Until last year, only 30% of the total number of seats could be reserved under management quota.These adjustments will see the number of seats under convener quota coming down with the resultant increase in the competition for these seats. At present, a total of 2.82 lakh seats are available in the state for students looking to obtain an engineering degree. A total of 2.06 lakh students had cleared the engineering stream Eamcet this year.Checking the managements further, the government insisted that admissions will be conducted only for colleges which have submitted the details of their expenses. Only 240 engineering colleges in the state have submitted details of their yearly expenditure to SC in order to apply for a fee hike. The colleges which have not submitted the details will be given just one more chance to do so, sources said.Officials concerned held two meetings on Thursday with the chief minister and deputy chief minister Damodar Rajanarasimha who is also the minister for higher education. \"A final decision on the matter will be taken by the cabinet subcommittee,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15336763", "title": "Friendship Day: Do you have a perfect present?", "text": "Are you losing your hair trying to choose a gift for Friendship Day this Sunday? We help you.It's the time for dil, dosti etc. With Friendship Day knocking on the door, youngsters are buying gifts, greeting cards, and, of course, friendship bands to show their love for their pals.A wide range of special friendship bands and cards have flooded the Ranchi markets this year. Shopkeepers are also wooing the customers with various types of band, ranging from colourful plastic ones to the more sophisticated metallic bracelets that can adorn the hands much after Friendship Day is over.Shashwati Shrivastava, a student of Women's College, said, \"I have bought a metallic bracelet for my friend. I think, she can match it with all her clothes and wear it whenever she wants.\"Most popular among the friendship bands are the evil eye bands and those made of metallic balls. A glittering band available in the market with friend imprinted on a leather wrist watch is also a hit among the youth.Metallic bands are available in the range of `125 to `299 whereas their plastic and rubber counterparts are available between `35 and `99.Greeting cards have also gone a step ahead. Instead of simple cards, those in the form of certificate and scrolls are gaining popularity this year. Franchisee holder of gifts gallery in the city, Kundan Kashyap, said, \"The cards in the form of certificates, costing `65, are the most popular this year.\" The certificate reads 'This is to certify that this person is declared the best friend in the world'.However, it's not only fuzzy warm messages that are attracting youngsters. Some of them are all set to gift bracelets, key rings, lockets and photo frames to see a smile light up their special friend's faces. Stones, metal and bead embellishments on fabric ranging from velvet , silk , fibre and leather that have \"friend\" written on them are immensely popular.The newest addition to the market is the diamante and Swarovski embellished key rings. Suhas Burman, the owner of a city gift shop, said, \"These key rings cost `199 per piece and are more popular among boys.\"Friendship lockets have also made inroads into stores. There are two similar looking lockets in one box for both friends. These lockets are available for `249. \"I'm buying this locket so that my friend and I always were it and remember each other wherever we are,\" said Niharika, a student.Cute photo frames and coffee mugs that flaunt comic quotations or have sentimental value are also selling like hot cakes. Gift-wraping any of these with love and a box of chocolates will undoubtedly ensure that this Friendship Day is well spent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "15333287", "title": "Jeeps lie idle as tourism in tiger reserve is banned", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: The interim ban on tourism inside the Mudumalai Tiger Reserve (MTR) in the Nilgiris has put jeep operators here in a spot. MTR has been closed for public since July 25 following the Supreme Court's interim order than sought to stall entry of tourists into tiger reserves in the country.At least 250 jeep operators operate in the buffer zone of MTR and used to run trips from Theppakadu (reception centre of MTR) to Mayar, Masinagudi to Mayar, Masinagudi to Theppakkadu and Masinagudi to Vazhaithottam villages, all located surrounding MTR forest reserve. Now, forest officials have banned all trips except from Masinagudi to Vazhaithottam and back. The road passing through Kalhatty ghat section via Theppakadu (MTR entry point) reaching the Karnataka border is a right of way for villagers situated in the area though it passes through a stretch of reserve forest. Here, night travel alone has been stopped.\"Out of around 250 jeeps about 140 jeeps were engaged in trips from Masinagudi to Theppakadu and Theppakadu to Mayar. Now, these jeeps are lying idle. The livelihood of jeep owners and drivers are at stake,\" said Kennedy, secretary, Nilgiris District Drivers' Association. Kennedy, who owns and runs a jeep, claimed that forest officials are not allowing them to do trips when people engage them to travel between Masinagudi and Mayar, where many small hamlets are located. \"Police or RTO officials could stop our vehicles for verification. But how can forest officials prohibit our vehicles from running on a road which has been declared as a right of way?\" asked Kennedy.Kennedy added that a petition on behalf of the jeep owners and drivers has been handed over to the district revenue officer and forest department officials. \"Though we met the Ooty MLA M Buddhi Chandran, there was no response,\" he said. Subsequently, the owners and drivers of the jeeps approached Gudalur MLA (DMK), Diravidhamani, who has convened a meeting on Wednesday.P Raghuram Singh, field director of MTR and Mukurthi National Park, told the TOI, said that jeeps are allowed to ply on Kalhatti- Masinagudi -Theppakadu road as villagers living on the stretch has a right of way. \"But tourism activities on the road are strictly prohibited as per the Supreme Court interim order,\" he told TOI.In the past, jeep operators used to run after remove the hood of the vehicle to enable tourists to sight animals while driving. Forest officials have asked them to cover the jeeps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15333081", "title": "After Pune blasts, cops step up vigilance", "text": "NASHIK: Against the backdrop of the series of bomb blasts that rocked Pune city on Wednesday evening, the Nashik police stepped up vigilance across the city and also appealed to citizens to stay away from suspicious and abandoned articles.The city police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal called a meeting of senior officials to take stock of the security arrangements and directed them to take necessary measures to ensure that a similar incident doesn't take place in the city.He also visited all crowded areas and also the various malls and other commercial complexes that see continuous rush of people. The CP also took stock of the security arrangement at such places.On Thursday morning, a strict security check was conducted with the help of sniffer dogs and bomb disposal squad at Maharashtra police academy (MPA) on Trimbak Road, Kalaram Temple, Kapaleshwar Temple and the Ramkund area.At 9.30am, the quick response team, led by ACP Ganesh Shinde, conducted a check on the premises of the Maharashtra police academy as well as the two slums adjoining the police training institute. Various temples and other places were also checked taking into account the rush of pilgrims into the city on account of Shravan.Meanwhile, DCP DS Swami took up a security check at Nashik Road, Upnagar, Pavan Nagar, Uttam Nagar, the Nashik Road railway station, the bus stand and other malls and multiplexes in the Nashik Road area and Cidco area.The commissioner of police issued an appeal to the citizens to remain vigilant against the backdrop of the recent incident. He has said that citizens should not panic on seeing abandoned and suspicious articles. In case of coming across such objects, citizens should immediately contact the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "15332458", "title": "Pak judge resigns after his dancing video goes viral", "text": "LAHORE: A Pakistani judge resigned on Thursday after a video showing him dancing with a girl at a party was uploaded on YouTube .The resignation of civil judge Muhammad Masood Bilal of Khanewal district in Punjab province has been accepted, said a Lahore high court registrar. He said the court had initiated departmental proceedings even before he resigned.Bilal attended his brother engagement party where he danced with a 'professional dancing girl', officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15332472", "title": "Deccan Chronicle promoters mortgage more properties", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as the scrip of Deccan Chronicle Holdings Limited (DCHL) hit another low and ended the day at Rs 13.30 on the Bombay Stock Exchange , details of fresh mortgages were put up on the site of the Registrar of Companies (RoC).As per these disclosures, DCHL has further mortgaged several immovable properties in Chennai and across Andhra Pradesh with Yes Bank on July 11, 2012, to raise Rs 50 crore by way of working capital demand loan.Further, three main promoters of the company have also mortgaged their personal properties for loans.In its declaration to RoC in Hyderabad on August 1, 2012, DCHL, its promoters T Vinayak Ravi Reddy, T Venkattram Reddy, PK Iyer as well as a DC group entity India Travel Bureau Pvt Ltd (ITBPL) mortgaged several immovable properties with the Somajiguda branch of Yes Bank last month.Meanwhile, the company informed RoC on July 31, 2012, that its board had at its July 20, 2012, meeting decided to extend its financial year 2011-12 by six months to September 30, 2012, subject to RoC approval.The latest mortgage created in favour of Yes Bank includes properties belonging to DCHL at Kondapur, Somajiguda and Road No 12 Banjara Hills, flats at Alwarpet in Chennai as well as a shop at Pragati Chambers in Hyderabad's Basheerbagh area.DCHL chairman T Venkattram Reddy too has personally mortgaged some land in Nallavalli village in Medak district and Palempalli village of Kadapa district in addition to a pent house at Hill Ridge Springs at Gachibowli, even as DCHL vice-chairman PK Iyer has mortgaged a plot at Prestige Park in Gundlapochampally village at Medchal.On the other hand, T Vinayak Ravi Reddy has mortgaged a flat in Waltair Ward of Vizag, even as ITBPL has mortgaged a couple of shops at the Bhagyanagar Housing Society at Kukatpally.This Rs 50 crore working capital loan from Yes Bank is in addition to the nearly Rs 144 crore it has borrowed from the same bank by creating a mortgage on the current and moveable fixed assets of Deccan Chargers Sporting Ventures and Odyssey in late November 2011. The DCHL promoters had offered additional properties at Vijayawada, Dowleswaram village in East Godavari district, a house on Road No 14 Banjara Hills, as well as some properties at Green Park in New Delhi as collateral to Yes Bank in January 2012.Apart from the Rs 194 crore borrowing from Yes Bank, DCHL's promoters have already borrowed nearly Rs 1440 crore from another half a dozen banks and financial institutions over the past couple of years, taking up their total borrowings to around Rs 1634 crore.DCHL promoters have already mortgaged various assets and properties in Hyderabad, Chennai, Bangalore, Mumbai and Delhi in addition to some locations in Andhra Pradesh to banks and financial institutions like ICICI Bank (which has the largest exposure of Rs 490 crore), Axis Bank , Canara Bank , Tata Capital , Corporation Bank, Yes Bank and IDFC.In fact, it was only on July 2 that DCHL raised Rs 170 crore from IDFC at 15% by mortgaging uncalled share capital, moveable property, book debts, revenues and receivables, intangibles as well as goodwill.The promoters of the company could not be contacted for comments but in a statement published in Deccan Chronicle issue dated August 2, chairman T Venkattram Reddy admitted that the company was facing a \"liquidity crisis\" and that its loan outstanding and the overdue sums relate to payments that were due only in the last couple of months. Reddy, however claimed that the \"net worth of DCHL far exceeds its current outstanding\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15332051", "title": "India's bid to explore oil in South China Sea stirs row", "text": "BEIJING: A Chinese think-tank has sought \"strong response\" from the government to India's bid to explore oil in South China Sea.\"China must first insist on exerting political pressure over both India and Vietnam , warning them that their joint exploration in South China Sea is illegal and violate China's sovereignty,\" said state-run Global Times , quoting Su Hao, director of the Asia-Pacific Research Centre at the China Foreign Affairs University.India's ONGC said it was going ahead with oil exploration on the basis of an invitation extended by a Vietnamese energy company to mine the disputed area. ONGC had earlier pulled out saying it was not viable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15337716", "title": "Divisional commissioner to decide on sacking of 2 Congress corporators", "text": "BHOPAL: The divisional commissioner will take up the memorandum submitted by the BJP corporators seeking termination of membership of the two Congress corporators, who had allegedly used intemperate language in the council meeting of the Bhopal municipal corporation earlier this week.After the pandemonium in the council meet, the BJP corporators submitted a memorandum to divisional commissioner Praveen Garg, principal secretary UAD S P S Parihar and BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava on July 30 seeking annulment of membership of the two corporators for unruly behaviour and use of unparliamentary language.This case will be heard in the court of the divisional commissioner this week. \"This case is in my court. The hearing should take place in some days,\" Bhopal divisional commissioner Praveen Garg told TOI. BMC commissioner, Rajneesh Shriwastawa, is also learnt to have submitted his recommendations to the divisional commissioner.Shrivastava told TOI, \"I have only added facts about what happened during the council session. The rest depends on the divisional commissioner.\" Ugly scenes were witnessed in the meeting of the council meet as the Congress corporators came to blows with a BJP corporator over an issue of extending the lease of Laxmi Talkies in the old city area. They also used foul language in the presence of the mayor, BJP corporators alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15333726", "title": "Mob attacks Etah police station, 11 cops injured", "text": "LUCKNOW: At least 11 policemen were injured when a mob attacked a police station in Etah district on Thursday evening to get a detained youth freed. The youth had been detained at Armapur police station for creating a ruckus in public in an inebriated state. Most of the trouble-makers were from the neighbouring Jatau, the village the detained youth belonged to.The mob torched a police jeep and damaged another half a dozen vehicles. The situation could be brought under control but only after cops from all the police stations in the districts along with those from the adjoining districts of Aligarh and Hathras were pressed into service.to chase away the rampaging mob, three hours after the violence broke out.Despite all the police bandobast in place and presence of the senior police and administrative officers at the police station itself, the violent mob had refused to disperse and had gathered at the entrance of their village, supposedly to counter the police action that could follow. The situation in Amapur was described as highly tense when reports last came in. Additional police and para-military forces were being roped in from nearby districts to contain any further outburst of violence. Though police claimed that the mob frenzy was unleashed at the police station unprovoked, none of the local residents of Jatau village could be contacted for their side of the story.Reports reaching the director general of police (DGP) headquarters here on Thursday night said cops from the Amapur police station in Kasganj area of Etah district rounded up a youth belonging to the nearby Jatau village while he was creating a ruckus in a drunken state on Thursday evening. Shortly after the youth was brought to the police station, a mob of 200 plus residents of Jatau and adjoining villages reportedly gathered at the gates of the police station demanding immediate release of the youth. When the police refused to oblige, the crowd allegedly went berserk.The mob frenzy that followed left a dozen odd cops present inside the police station, wounded as the agitated crowd damaged every single piece of furniture and police record available and torched a police jeep and a motorcycle parked within the compound. Senior police and administrative officials were reportedly camping at the Amapur village when reports last came in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15332435", "title": "Water Board clueless as gallons go 'unaccounted for'", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) is now in a spot over un-accounted for water.It claims to supply 340 million gallons a day (MGD) to the city from various sources, but collects charges for just 192.66 MGD water, leaving a huge 143.75 MGD as undetectable and categorised as non-revenue.With the Water Board pressing the government for giving financial clearance for the proposed Krishna drinking water project Phase III, the finance department has put the HMWS&SB;'s state of health under the scanner and raised a query on the un-accounted for water (UFW).\"We have raised some queries, including UFW, and asked municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department to give its reply on this issue,\" secretary, finance department (Works &amp; Projects), L Premchandra Reddy told TOI.\"We are preparing a report and also an action plan for the UFW. The report will be submitted to chief secretary, Minnie Mathew, in a day or two,\" HMWS&SB; sources said.As per records, the Water Board has been supplying 340 MGD of water from Osmansagar, Himayatsagar, Manjeera I,II, III and IV phases and Krishna I and II phases to around 7.80 lakh consumers spread across the twin cities.\"Of 340 MGD, 192.66 MGD is billed. The Water Board supplies 30 MGD to state government departments and another 20 to 30 MGD to the central government organisations like railways, MES and defence organisations. This quantity has been added in the revenue category,\" said a senior HMWS&SB; official.The remaining 143.75 MGD is undetectable and categorised as non-revenue water (NRW).\"We took the un-billed quantities (143.75 mgd) based on 'supervisory control and data acquisition' (SCADA) report,\" the sources added.\"Illegal water connections and non-functioning of consumers' water meters could be major reasons for un-accounted for water,\" said a senior water board official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15333705", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav's janata darshan may resume next week", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav is likely to restart his weekly Janata Darshan programme from next week. In June, the state government had announced the temporary suspension of the mass contact programme, owing to the budget session of the Uttar Pradesh legislative assembly. Even a month after the assembly session concluded, though, the weekly meetings were not revived. In fact, shortly after Akhilesh announced a number of infrastructure development schemes for the state on Wednesday, a large number of women demonstrated outside the chief minister's bungalow, demanding an audience with him.Now, however, the chief minister is expected to revive the practice of meeting the general public on Wednesday mornings. It remains unclear, though, whether the Janata Darshan will be held on weekly or fortnightly basis. Speaking to TOI, Samajwadi Party spokesperson, Rajendra Chaudhary, said, \"It is not as if that the chief minister was not meeting people. In fact, he was meeting people daily, except that it was not formally called the Janata Darshan. Officially, also Janata Darshan will resume from Wednesday, next week.\"After taking over as chief minister in March, Akhilesh revived the tradition of Janata Darshan that was started by Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav in his regime as chief minister. Held for the first time on April 18 this year, the programme has been organised to give the people of UP a chance to meet the chief minister and allow them an opportunity to share any grievances with him.After the weekly meetings were started, the government said over 10,000 people met Akhilesh to directly share problems with him. tnnThe chief minister, government sources said, also received as many applications in the Janta Darshans. Following the flurry of grievances received by the chief minister, the government also issued orders to district administration, to take up a similar initiative in districts and address people's problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15338672", "title": "Namitha in a political thriller?", "text": "Namitha has been known for her her sexy roles, where she puts her buxom body to good use. The Billa actress, who has been rather quiet on the film front lately, may soon be part of a much-hyped Kannada film if reports are to be believed.The film, titled Rajakeeya , is a political satire which is slated to release next year, in sync with the legislative assembly elections in Karnataka. The film is being scripted by producer Munirathna, who saw the release of his film Katari Veera Sura Sundarangi that starred Ramya (Divya Spandana) and Upendra.The film is supposed to be quite an explosive script and the grapevine says that a lot of political parties in Karnataka are already shaken up. The producer apparently is keen on signing Namitha to play a powerful character in the film, where he also wants other names from Mollywood, Tollywood and Kollywood as part of his cast.Namitha, who has a fan base in Karnataka, is yet to take a decision on the film, we hear. But, if she does, this will give her a completely new makeover, which is what the filmmakers also intend on using as their publicity vehicle we hear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15332229", "title": "Rs 10 crore central funds for Pranab college", "text": "KOLKATA: Even after becoming the first citizen of the country, Pranab Mukherjee remains as concerned as ever for the development of the institution from where he started his career as a professor. Bidyanagar College, near Amtala, will receive Rs 10 crore from the Centre for expansionAnd this is coming as a special gift from its most illustrous former teacher, albeit indirectly.The college turned 50 on Sunday, barely four days after Pranab Mukherjee took oath. Had he not become the President, he would have been present here along with his former colleagues, all of whom are now members of the governing body of the college, to celebrate the occasion. In the beginning of the year, the college's governing body had requested the then finance minister for a corpus of Rs 10 crore for new departments and a better infrastructure.Pranab joined the college in 1963 and taught Political Science till 1968, after which he joined politics. \"Pranab da had then assured us that he would do everything in his capacity to send the funds. However, as things stood, the money could not be sent from the finance ministry directly. So, he got the UGC to look into it,\" said Kartick Adhikari, who used to teach Economics at the college in the 60s, when Pranab was a faculty. tnnThe college had submitted a detailed expansion plan to Mukherjee stating that the college has been performing consistently and was catering to students at a place where there was dearth of good academic institutions. However, it was time that the college started some pure science and bio sciences honours courses, complete with modern day laboratories and research facilities. The old buildings needed repair and a state of the art auditorium needed to be built, the report said. Mukherjee sent it to the UGC with his recommendation.Just before his name was proposed by the UPA government for Presidentship, the UGC inspection team visited the campus.\"We called Pranab da just before the procession to mark the beginning of the golden jubilee started. It was 8:30 am on Sunday. He wished us well and gave his message on the phone. He also assured us that the Rs 10 crores that we had appealed for, will soon be sent as the UGC was satisfied with our progress,\" said a happy Adhikari.Pranab has assured the college authorities to visit the college over the next one year when the celebrations will be on. He spoke to his former colleagues at least twice since he became President, inquiring about the golden jubilee celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15333047", "title": "Four-day jewellery show begins today in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: The annual Jewellers Assocation Show (JAS-12) will begin at Birla Auditorium in the city on Friday. The event, which will conclude on August 6, is expected to see a significant makeover in terms of variety, range of presentation and visitors' experience compared to previous years. Organised for the sixth consecutive year, this year's show will have approximately 300 stalls.According to the organizers, adequate security arrangements have been put in place apart from an entry ticket for the event.\"We have given it all to make JAS-12 a perfect gemstone &amp; jewellery destination and a one-stop solution, \" said Nirmal Bardiya, president of Jewellers Association and Rajesh Dhamani, secretary.They said that the show would have 300 stalls and pavilions of gold, silver, diamond, kundan-meena, sozo, thewa, fashion &amp; designer jewellery, contemporary &amp; fusion jewellery, handicraft jewellery, gemstone-embedded jewellery &amp; articles, loose-coloured gemstone, rough gemstones &amp; machinery tools, trade publications and other related products.Sanjay Kala, spokesperson, JAS-12, said prestigious jewellery houses and groups from Mumbai, Delhi, Surat, Junagarh, and Chandigarh apart from Jaipur are participating. Even a jewellery lab from US would have a stall, he added.The show will have dedicated time slots for B-to-B and B-to-C trade and dealings. The mornings would be reserved for B-to-B gemstone and jewellery traders and buyers while the second half would be for the B-to-C buyers. There will be a Rs 400 entry ticket to ensure that only interested and meaningful entrants come for the show.\"JAS-12 with 30% increase in number of participants would also be providing a platform for showcasing and sale-purchase of rough semi-precious and precious gemstones.\" This would turn out to be a great initiative which would help visitors, jewellers and craftspersons to purchase and sale various gemstones at competitive prices,\" said Dhamani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332590", "title": "SBI to trigger a churn in home loans", "text": "MUMBAI: With lenders continuing to offer special deals only to new home loan customers, the industry is set to see a churn in the portfolio as this is the only way a large number of existing borrowers will be able to take advantage of lower rates.SBI's move has changed the equilibrium that loan rates had settled down to after the April rate cut by the Reserve Bank of India. While other lenders realize that SBI rates are the most competitive, they are still undecided about reducing their benchmark rates. SBI's existing borrowers can take advantage of the new rates only after paying a conversion fee, which is 1% of the outstanding loan.Officials in other banks say that rates for existing borrowers cannot be brought down without revising their benchmark Base Rate or Prime Lending Rates (for housing finance companies), which are pegged to the overall cost of funds. For banks, the benchmark rate determines not just the home loan rates but every other floating rate, including working capital loans for corporates - the mainstay for many banks. This means that their most likely response would be to revise the interest spread, which is the difference between the floating home loan rate and their benchmark rate. But this revision in spread will not benefit existing borrowers who will be shifted to new rates only if they pay a one-time charge.The one-time conversion charge for existing borrowers and the processing fees for new borrowers are the only barrier to home loan portability since all pre-payment charges have been withdrawn for floating rate loans. However, an existing borrower stands to benefit even after paying the 1% conversion fee, SBI deputy managing director P Pradeep Kumar said while announcing the new rates.\"The Base Rate can be changed when there is a sharp drop in interest costs. In the current environment when inflation rate is high, it is difficult to reduce interest rate dramatically,\" he added. SBI has also cut rates on deposits above 5 years by 25 basis points, but this is not enough to bring down costs.According to Apnapaisa CEO Harsh Rungta, it does not matter at what stage of the home loan the borrower is in; if there is a better rate, it makes sense to shift. \"Even now there are borrowers who have loans at 12.5%. They do not even need to make a calculation to decide whether to shift,\" he said. Home loans are very close to the stage when the interest spread is as good as it gets, he adds.What this means is that any borrower locking in an SBI rate at present will also benefit from any reduction in rates in the future. This is because SBI's home loans are only 25 basis points above the Base Rate and it can bring down rates for new customers only by 25 basis points, which will bring them on a par with the Base Rate. To offer home loans below 10%, the bank will have to reduce its Base Rate - a move that will benefit new as well as existing borrowers. \"But this is assuming that the Base Rate regime does not change and banks do not find a loophole to work around the Base Rate,\" Rungta warns.Incidentally, the PLR was originally the lowest rate at which a bank could lend. However, over a period of time sub-PLR rates caught on and the benchmark lost its sanctity with lenders charging customers according to their bargaining power and simply revising their spread while the PLR was only revised upward.However, there is a catch in opting for refinance. The housing regulator National Housing Bank has held that dual rate loans (which are fixed for initial years) will be treated as fixed rate loans and borrowers will be subject to pre-payment charges even after the fixed rate period is over.SBI has a home loan portfolio of Rs 1,05,000 crore and an auto loan portfolio of Rs 19,000 crore. It is currently the market leader in retail lending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15335191", "title": "Soon, palm trees to dot Antarctica if climate change continues", "text": "Palm trees could grow in the Antarctica if climate change continues unabated, new research has shown \u2014 just as they did 55 million years ago.A study has found that similar trees grew in the region during the early Eocene epoch, when the area had a near-tropical climate with frost-free winters, even in the polar darkness. Global levels of the principal greenhouse gas, carbon dioxide , were nearly three times as high then as today.It has long been known that the start of the Eocene was a 'thermal maximum' , one of the hottest periods in Earthis history, and Antarctica would have been ice-free and much warmer than at present. But the new findings, based on sediment cores taken from the Antarctic seabed have enabled the first-ever detailed reconstruction of its environment and thus its climate.This was previously impossible because any Eocene sediments remaining were destroyed by the subsequent glaciation or covered with ice. But pollen grains were washed, blown or transported by insects on to the shallow coastal shelf, where they were preserved in the mud for 50 million years.-THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new york city", "code": "15332110", "title": "New York penthouse listed for $100m", "text": "NEW YORK CITY: Manhattan's long been one of the world's most expensive bits of real estate, but the $100 million tag on a penthouse apartment has even jaded New Yorkers' jaws dropping. The apartment, entered on the 72nd floor of the City Spire skyscraper on West 56th Street, has been described as \"the crown jewel\" in the condominium. It has 360 degree views and is the highest terraced apartment in the city, with an interior decorated in Roman and Versailles palace themes. The master suite is on the 75th floor.Texas airport terminals reopen after bomb threat:A bomb threat temporarily cleared out San Antonio International Airport, Texas after officials said someone called alleging that tthree packages had been left inside a garage.Fukushima men complete 13,000-km marathon: Three men from Fukushima arrived on Thursday at their final goal in Tokyo after a year long transcontinental marathon from Paris to thank the world for helping Japan recover from the earthquake of 2011.Psychiatrist warned univ about Colorado killer: A psychiatrist who treated James Holmes, who has been accused of killing 12 people in a shooting rampage at a movie theater in Colorado, warned the university about Holmes more than a month before the massacre, a report said on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15332256", "title": "Bullet-ridden body dumped on road", "text": "KOLKATA: The body of a middle-aged man with three bullet marks was found lying on the Biren Roy Road West in Behala. The deceased is yet to be identified. Around 5pm on Thursday, some workers, painting the roadside railings, spotted a man lying face down on the road. The man was wearing a white vest and black trousers. Reportedly, the workers found blood oozing out from his chest. They thought that the unconscious victim had survived an accident and took him to a private hospital. On noticing the bullet injuries on his chest and belly, the doctors there referred him to another private hospital where he was declared dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15332089", "title": "India Against Corruption: Team Anna eyes 2014 polls, to call off fast today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Team Anna on Thursday announced their plan to enter the electoral arena with the avowed objective to provide a \"political alternative\" to the 'corrupt' political class as a combination of public indifference and government's apathy forced them to call off their indefinite fast at 5pm on Friday without accomplishing their objectives.Anna Hazare said that the anti-graft campaign would support candidates committed to \"patriotism\" and \"country's development\". Although the veteran protester ruled out joining or supporting a political party himself, the announcement virtually sets the stage for the entry of his colleagues in the electoral fray as an independent group. Hazare hinted as much by saying \"it is not wrong to form a political party\", marking a radical switch from the initial posture of an aloofness from political process to embracing it with a \"wreck-it-from-within\" agenda.Government and Congress that had all along accused the civil society group of having a hidden agenda seemed to relish the development, greeting the shifting of gears with a \"we-told-you-so\" response. The fizzling out of the threat of a fresh agitation also meant the abatement of pressure on the regime, with Team Anna harried by mobilizing crowds to back their demands.Besides, it marked the government's success of the decision to cold shoulder the agitators rather than engage with them. Hence, the fate of the controversial Lokpal bill, which is before the parliamentary select committee that is expected to meet on August 6, is likely to be relegated to the cold storage for a while.Hazare said that the modalities of how to go about the plan to join the political process would be decided in concert with public who would be sounded out through referendum on issues of selection, funding and monitoring of candidates. It was not immediately clear if the activists were open to ``honest candidates'' from other political parties.The announcement came on yet another disappointing day when crowds, unmoved by reports of worsening health of Arvind Kejriwal and others, continued to elude the campaign. The dismal turnout at Jantar Mantar on a holiday dashed any hope of a groundswell of sympathy for the campaign, continuing the poor run that started with Mumbai in last December.With the prospect of another Mumbai-type debacle \u2014 this time in the stronghold of the national Capital \u2014looming, Team Anna grabbed at what was seen as the ``exit option'' provided by a group of eminent citizens who suddenly issued an appeal to the activists to end their fast. Incidentally, not one of the three demands laid down by the activists including setting up of a SIT to investigate in to allegations of corruption leveled at the 14 Cabinet ministers, including the PM, were met.Saying that they would end their fast on Friday evening, Kejriwal appeared to take pains to stress that they could not have defied the request of \"eminent\" citizens, who included former SC Justice V R Krishna Iyer, former CEC J M Lyngdoh, ex-Army chief V K Singh and others. Kejriwal said, \"This is a people's movement and we cannot disagree with people's opinion\". He added, \"This is deaf and dumb government and it is futile to expect anything from them\", displaying a reasonableness and realism, which few would associate with a feisty campaign that tapped into popular exasperation with corruption to rattle the government.However, Hazare betrayed no sign of weakness as he announced a country-wide plan to generate popular awareness. \"We will achieve in three years what has not been accomplished in 65 years\" he thundered, trying to lift the spirit of supporters giving credence to the phrase ``If you can't lick them, join them.''The political class did not seem worried. For the government which had always accused the Team Anna of having political ambitions, the plan came as a validation of their suspicions. A smiling information and broadcasting minister Ambika Soni said she was glad the political intentions that Team Anna had always harboured were out in the open. \"They will realize compulsions and responsibilities of a public servant,'' she said.Opposition BJP blamed the government for delaying the Lokpal while welcoming the plans elaborated by Team Anna. \"Everybody has the right to form a party and to contest elections,\" BJP spokesperson Shahnawaz Hussain said. The party hoped that Team Anna's foray would add to the anti-Congress mood, but disputed the assessment that the activists with their populist agenda could end up helping Congress by cutting into Opposition votes.Team Anna was not exactly fazed, asserting that number of footfalls were an old-fashioned gauge to estimate support for the movement. They claimed that issues raised by them had a resonance beyond the supporters at Jantar Mantar. The buzz on social media by Thursday evening would give them the confidence to press on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15338744", "title": "Manmohan Singh, Zardari likely to meet on margins of NAM summit in Iran", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh are likely to meet on the margins of the Non-Aligned Movement summit in the Iranian capital later this month.The two leaders will be in the Iranian capital during August 26-31 to attend the NAM summit and they are expected to meet on the sidelines, The News daily quoted its sources as saying.They are expected to discuss recent developments in India-Pakistan relations and in the region.Zardari and Singh last met in New Delhi in April when the Pakistani President made a private visit to India to pray at a Sufi shrine in Ajmer.Last week, Zardari formally invited Singh to visit Pakistan in November.He is expected to remind the Indian leader about his invitation during their likely meeting in Tehran.Zardari is also expected to meet his Iranian counterpart Mehmoud Ahmadinejad.The Pakistan President will travel to Iran after visiting Saudi Arabia for a summit of Muslim countries convened by King Abdullah on August 14.The rotating presidency of NAM will be conferred to Iran on August 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15337885", "title": "Now, casinos to come to Punjab after Goa, Sikkim", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Forget about canting off to Macau or Las Vegas strip to roll a dice and revel in a tantalising gambling carousal.Get ready to spin a ball on a little wheel popularly called roulette, see it running around and cheerfully call a bet to the croupier, as you quaff colas and gorge peanuts -- all on the banks of the Satluj river in the rural hinterland of Punjab.Punjab deputy CM Sukhbir Badal, known for his flamboyance and CEO style of functioning, has ordered the state's infrastructure development agency Punjab Infrastructure Development Board (PIDB) to set up a Las Vegas strip-like casino at Mattewara village near Ludhiana.A three-member team comprising a PIDB official and two members from an empanelled private agency Infrastructure Leasing &amp; Financial Services Limited (IL&FS;) was sent on a four-day visit to Goa last week to study and explore the possibility of installing slot machines and casinos in Punjab, set to become third state in the country after Sikkim and Goa to have casinos.According to the state visit report, a copy of which is with TOI, the team -- which returned on Thursday -- held meetings with Goa chief secretary P K Shrivastav and special secretary Mohan Lal and had a first hand experience of slot machines in casinos in Panjim.The casinos planned in Mattewara will have around 30-50 slot machines, video pokers and card games like baccarat , blackjack, pontoon and sicbo and will be open 24 hours.\"\"These casinos which we are planning are a part of our recreational amusement zone project near Ludhiana. The purpose is to increase the tourist footfall in the state. Our team has just returned from Goa after studying casinos. We're going to seek more advice and help on legal, technical and operational details from Sikkim and Goa governments,\"\" PIDB managing director Anurag Aggarwal told TOI.The Punjab government is likely to discuss the Public Gambling Act, 1867 in its next Assembly session.The casinos will be built both inside hotels or stand alone on a PPP model near the river.The initial report has suggested borrowing legal framework from Goa where an annual licence fee of Rs 5 crore is paid by the hotel housing the casinos and an entry fee between Rs 500-Rs 1,000 is charged to every visitor. Like the existing Punjab lotteries system, the casinos are also likely to generate revenue of around Rs 100 crore annually.However, Punjab finance minister Parminder Dhindsa debunked the analogy between lotteries and casinos, saying the latter is only for recreational purpose.\"\"The process is in the initial stages. Casinos will certainly be a big revenue generator. The purpose is not create forced taxation here. We only want to encourage local tourism because when you see the locals from here going to Nepal or Hong Kong, they spend huge money to enjoy these games. Times have changed.But we agree, there might be some criticism as well,\"\" said Dhindsa.Out of 1,400 acres of proposed landscaped area surrounded by thick forests and water bodies, Mattewara village is already set to have a horse racing turf on a 140-acre land, golf course on a 200-acre land and an amusement park. Three multi-national companies including -- Populace , S Powers and JAA Consultants -- have already made bids for offering consultancy services for the horse racing tracks. US-based game park company Six Flags is likely to construct the amusement part.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15333431", "title": "Did Pune Police ignore warnings before the Aug 1 serial blasts?", "text": "PUNE: The top brass of the Pune police on Wednesday strongly refuted reports of having received a specific report from the State Intelligence Department (SID) or letters warning them about the Wednesday's bomb blasts on the busy Jangli Maharaj road.\"We had not received any such report from the SID,\" Pune police commissioner Gulabrao Pol told TOI. Deputy commissioner of police Makrand Ranade, too, said there were no specific Intelligence inputs about the JM road blast.However, the opposition parties have refused to buy these explanations by the police and were quick to point out major security lapses including the non-functional CCTV cameras on JM road and lack of co-ordination between the police department, fire brigade and the local civic body.Leader of the opposition in the state legislative assembly Eknath Khadse said, \"The government should explain to Puneites as to why steps were not taken to prevent the blasts, even after the state intelligence agencies received letters and e-mails about possible threats to Pune.\"Joint commissioner of police (law and order) Sanjeev Kumar Singhal said that during the last few months some police stations had received anonymous letters warning about terror attacks in the city. The police commissioner's office too had received such letters, he said.\"We never ignore such letters and we take all the necessary preventive actions. We make the best possible efforts to identify the source sending such letters even if they are hoaxes,\" he said. Singhal denied receiving threatening emails, adding that the source of the email can be easily detected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15333838", "title": "Anil Sole removes ads from city trees", "text": "NAGPUR: After the massive tree plantation drive on August 1, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation on Thursday celebrated 'Rakshabandhan' with the theme to conserve trees and removed advertisement boards nailed on trees.The drive was led by mayor Anil Sole. NMC's garden department officials removed advertisements from huge trees on the patch from Rahate Colony T-point to Ajni road square. At present, many advertising agencies, roadside kiosks, and traders are putting up advertising material on trees, breaking tender branches and using plastic thread and metal wires.\"Such acts damage the trees. These are punishable under Indian Forest Act and NMC will take action against violators from August 15,\" said Sole. Sole directed the civic administration to also take all steps to protect the trees. He also removed tar and footpath tiles choking many trees. At present, many trees along the main roads of city, including the East High Court Road, South Ambazari Road, Mount Road and patches of Wardha Road, are choked by asphalt or footpath tiles. This cuts off moisture and air from their roots threatening their survival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332893", "title": "Residents fume over ward officer's transfer", "text": "MUMBAI: Another untimely transfer of a senior civic official has irked civic activists.Western suburb residents from H (west) in Bandra (W), H (east) ward in Bandra (E) and K (west) ward in Andheri (W) will meet civic chief Sitaram Kunte on Friday to express their disapproval on the sudden transfer of Vijay Balamwar, deputy municipal commissioner (removal encroachment) to Zone IV in Andheri (W).Balamwar, who had chaired the coveted post of removing hawker encroachments, worked with the residents' groups. AL Wagaralkar will replace Balamwar.\"Earlier, we had two DMC (special)-Milind Shambarkar and Rajendra Bhosale-who meant work and had a sustained action in the western suburbs. Balamwar too framed good policies. He reframed old circulars and put time-limits for all ward officers to initiate encroachment removal. All the drives, where licences were inspected, were carried out by him and the residents,\" said Aftab Siddique, chairperson, 33rd Road ALM in Khar (W).Siddique said citizens had managed to identify illegal hawkers due to the drive.\"It is disgusting that good officers are treated in this manner. In future, no officer will support citizens. Instead, they will bow before the Linking Road, Hill Road and Bandra station hawkers. As right-minded activists, we are starved of BMC officers who have citizen-centric intentions,\" said Anil Joseph, chairperson, Perry Road Residents' Association.A fortnight ago, locals had voiced their disapproval when Devendra Jain, assistant municipal commissioner G (north) ward was moved to P (north) ward in Malad. Jain was instrumental in hawker eviction drive outside Dadar station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15331885", "title": "Czech Republic, Finland send black money info", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when civil society groups' campaign against black money parked abroad is gathering momentum, the government has received two CDs from Czech Republic and Finland, containing the names of Indians who made high-value transactions in banks in these countries, with some of the dealings raising suspicion.Income Tax authorities are trying to uncover the actual beneficiaries behind these transactions.Sources said that the authorities have received 26 CDs containing information on black money, including the latest two, over the past two years. The government has been receiving information on high-value banking transactions of Indians in banks abroad from the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) countries. India is a partner of OECD, and all signatory nations are regularly sending suspect banking information to New Delhi.So far, the government has received information on banking transactions of Indians from nine countries, including Germany, France, the US, Japan, South Korea, Denmark, Czechoslovakia and Finland.However, all the information received from abroad may not pertain to illicit transactions.One of the first such cases in which authorities started investigating Indians for black money was based on a CD received from Germany in 2008 on deposits in the LGT bank, Liechtenstein. In the LGT case, information about 26 Indian account-holders was passed on by the German tax authorities. Subsequently, I-T officials conducted a probe and made a penalty case of Rs 40crore-Rs45 crore, almost equivalent to the amount that had been spirited away by Indians.Another high-profile case was based on the CDs received from France last year. The government had obtained details of 700 accounts of Indians in HSBC Bank in Geneva from the French government. Investigation across Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai and Kolkata among other cities revealed that the ill-gotten cash belonged to top industrialists, some politicians and other entities, some working as fronts for people yet to be identified.In another such case last year, I-T officials had raided a Delhi-based energy sector consultant at Sainik Farms and seized documents related to his bank deposits of more than $14 million in various accounts in the US, Singapore and Switzerland. Officials had specific information on his deposits of more than Rs 150 crore in various banks abroad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15333446", "title": "Blast injury victim's friends say he is innocent, hardworking man", "text": "PUNE: Dayanand Bhaurao Patil was mostly unknown in his hometown, Urali Kanchan, till the media flashed his name on Wednesday after the four blasts went off in Pune.\"When we heard that Dayanand Patil was injured in the blasts, we were not sure if he was the same person who lives here. It was only after the police and media arrived in the morning that we realised what had happened,\" said Bandu Thorve, Patil's neighbour in Vitthal Niwas chawl in Urali Kanchan. Dayanand Patil has been living here for the one and a half years.The Loni Kalbhor police visited the chawl late on Wednesday night and deployed two constables outside the house. The houses of his immediate neighbours were locked and Patil's two-and-a-half-year-old daughter Kirti was handed over to one of the neighbours even as his wife Satyakala was being questioned by the police in Pune.Loni Kalbhor police inspector Suhas Garud said, \"We asked the neighbours if Patil has any relatives in the town. One of his relatives who lives in Dehu Road has been questioned. We also visited the place where Patil lived earlier.\"Sources said that police searched Patil's two-room house on Wednesday night and seized some material which has been handed over to the investigating agencies.Pandurang and Asha Jagdale, who live in the same chawl, said that they knew Patil only by his face. \"Most people living in the chawl are daily-wage earners who go to Pune in the morning and return late at night. So we hardly have an opportunity to interact. Besides, Patil's wife does not mingle with the residents because she does not understand Marathi,\" said Asha Jagdale.Meanwhile, people who have shops near Patil's tailoring counter on Shirole Road in Shivajinagar, Pune, described him as \"a simple, poor and hard-working man\". They were confident that Patil will be proved innocent soon.\"People coming to our laundry would demand services for small tailoring jobs. Some two years back, Patil approached us for space to set up a tailoring counter. He could hardly afford to pay the rent, so we don't charge him anything. He barely earns Rs 150 to Rs 200 a day and this is his only source of income,\" said Sharada Chavan, owner of Namrata laundry. Patil would reach the shop around 10 am, do small tailoring jobs like fitting buttons, alterations etc and leave around 6 pm. He kept his sewing machine and stitching material in the shop.\"Students would come to him for getting odd tailoring jobs done.He is a very simple man and has a good rapport with people living nearby,\" said Vasant Amrale, who has a shop adjacent to Patil's tailoring counter.Amrale said that police had called him and people living nearby. \"None of us thinks that he (Patil) can do such a thing like planting bombs. He is very simple man, who has nothing else to think of but his bread and butter,\" he said.Bhau Khengre, a friend of Patil, also described him as a hardworking man. \"He used to travel long distance to reach his shop. On the way back, he would walk to the municipal corporation to board a bus to the Pune railway station from where he took a train to Urali Kanchan. He never showed any signs of frustration or disappointment,\" said Khengre.Khengre said that Patil would carry home a water bottle from the shop every day because his chawl got irregular water supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15337530", "title": "Rambha denies divorce rumours", "text": "Rambha who has acted in many Malayalam movies apart from Bollywood has denied any strains in her relationship with husband and divorce rumours. In 2010 Rambha tied the knot with Indran Padmanathan who is a bussinessman. Rambha also became mom to a baby last year.There were rumours of her taking a divorce from husband but Rambha and her husband, Indran have clearly said that these are just rumours and they are very happily married.Source: keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332837", "title": "Lake levels hit a 3-year low", "text": "MUMBAI: A miserly monsoon has taken down the stock in the six lakes that supply water to the city to a three-year low. On Thursday, the combined volume of water in the reservoirs was 696,504 million litres per day (mld), just about enough to last Mumbai for 199 days. In comparison, as of August 2 last year, the volume was about 100,000 mld more.Still, the BMC says that people should not panic since at least one reservoir is expected to experience enough rain to tide over the crisis. \"Throughout the past week, the Mokhada area in Thane district has received good rainfall. As a result, Middle Vaitarna, which is located there, has begun filling up. Water there has already crossed the reserve level and is at 253 metres, the volume being 52,892 mld. If it continues to rain in Mokhada, the lake will overflow and Modak Sagar, which is connected, will start filling up,\" said a senior BMC official. He said one could expect 455 mld from Middle Vaitarna, which is what the BMC had promised about the dam project. Mumbai currently faces a water shortage of 1,100 mld.In the last week of July, officials shut Middle Vaitarna's gates to allow the catchment area of the downstream Modak Sagar to fill up. The civic body, though, has not made any official announcement of water being released from the Middle Vaitarna dam. A source said the civic body in all likelihood would have to draw water from there to meet the shortage.The numbers tell how severe the shortage is this year. In 2009, when the state experienced a drought, the six lakes-Modak Sagar, Tansa, Vihar, Tulsi, Upper Vaitarna and Bhatsa-had a stock of 721,933 mld as of August 2. Compared to this year's 199 days, given the rate of about 3,500 mld that Mumbai receives, the city then had an additional week's worth of water, or 25,429 mld.Nevertheless, BMC officials remain optimistic. \"The monsoon lasts till September. Even thought it has not rained properly since the beginning of the season, the chances are that the rains will pick up in August,\" said deputy hydraulic engineer A S Tawadia. \"Even experts from the metrological department have predicted that the city can expect moderate to heavy rain in the coming week.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15333901", "title": "Fate of 40 Indira Gandhi Government Medical College seats still uncertain", "text": "NAGPUR: The fate of 40 seats of Indira Gandhi Government Medical College (IGGMC) once again seems uncertain as Medical Council of India (MCI) is yet to give a formal nod to these seats. The process for admissions to government medical colleges is already on and the directorate of medical education and research (DMER) is making all efforts to convince MCI that the college would comply with all deficiencies at the earliest.MCI had conducted an inspection at IGGMC on June 11 but was not very happy with what it saw. It had asked the Maharashtra chief secretary to furnish an undertaking that college would comply with the norms. Despite an assurance by the government, the council has not sent any clearance for renewal of seats so far. First round of admissions is already over and filling of seats under the all India quota is going on. The second round of admissions is scheduled for last week of this month.Sources in IGGMC told TOI that the college dean Dr P Wakode had been to Delhi to meet MCI officials two days back. He too good couldn't get MCI nod. \"State government has already given an undertaking to the council in June. Since we have not got any letter of clearance renewing the seats every year from 60-100 as yet I have sought an appointment with the council on August 13. We will leave no stone unturned to get the renewal and get clearance before the second round of admissions,\" said the DMER director Dr Pravin Shingare.It is learnt the MCI had raised eight queries in its inspection report including an assurance by state secretary about compliance of deficiencies. The others are shortage of resident doctors, senior resident doctors and infrastructural requirements like library building, examination hall, resident hostel, girls' hostel etc. The construction work of these buildings is on but at a snail's pace.Parents and students are really worried as this year MCI is taking the issue very seriously. \"Vidarbha students will be at a great loss if the seats are not cleared in time. Why is it that every year the college has to plead with the MCI? Why can't government take things seriously and resolve the issue once and for all,\" said a parent who feels his son could get admission in the second round.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "toronto", "code": "15333219", "title": "88% jilted lovers admit to stalking their exes on Facebook", "text": "TORONTO: At least 88% people admit to stalking their ex on social networking site Facebook, a study has claimed.Research from the University of Western Ontario found that 88% of people stalk their exes on Facebook after a breakup while a 70% used a friend's account to keep track of their ex secretly after deleting them from their own Facebookaccount, a Canadian website said.The study surveyed 107 people over 18 years of age who had experienced a breakup in the previous 12 months. Three-quarters of them were Western students.Sixty-four percent agreed they overanalysed old messages or wall posts from their ex while 50% deleted pictures of ex-partners. Thirty-three percent changed their Facebook status to quote a song or lyric about the ex-partner and 31% posted a picture in an attempt to make the ex jealous.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15332455", "title": "Neelima's death most likely a homicide, say doctors", "text": "HYDERABAD: Fuelling the mystery behind the death of 27-year-old Infosys techie B Neelima, who fell to her death from the parking lot of the Gachi Bowli campus of the IT firm on Tuesday night, doctors who conducted the post-mortem of the body on Thursday were of the view that it is most likely a case of homicide rather than suicide.\"Abrasions were found on her neck, body and legs including deep wounds and scratch marks, indicating that there was a struggle before she fell down. Further, there were multiple internal injuries on Neelima' body. Some of the injuries were deep wounds besides several scratches. We also found some liquid in her stomach, most likely alcohol. Therefore, for confirmation, we are sending Neelima's blood samples to the AP Forensic Science Laboratory. The report is expected in a week,\" said Gandhi Hospital sources where the post-mortem was conducted.Other factors which point to foul play are that while Neelima's one slipper was found with the body where she fell, the other slipper was found on the seventh floor of the parking lot. Also, police said her purse was found on the 10th floor of the same building. The techie, an employee of Infosys in New Jersey, had come to Hyderabad for a holiday and walked into the local office of the IT firm at 8.40pm on Tuesday, and fell to her death at 10.30pm the same night.The doctors also concluded that the injuries that the victim sustained were not due to the fall. \"When somebody jumps or falls from a height, the person is likely to suffer from head injuries if they fall on their head or leg and spine injuries if they fall on their foot. The injuries on Neelima did not fit this pattern suggesting that some of them were inflicted before she fell,\" they said.Neelima's family members have been alleging that there is some foul play behind her death from the beginning. They gave a written complaint to the police stating the same. They also complained that they were informed of Neelima's death by the Infosys management after many hours of the incident.Raidurgam police said Gandhi hospital authorities informed that it is a suspicious death. Deputy Commissioner of police (Madhapur) T Yoganand said that they have video graphed the post-mortem examination so that there are no disputes later. \"We are expecting the preliminary report on Friday,\" Yoganand said.Meanwhile, on their part, the police have begun verifying the Call Data Record (CDR) of Neelima's cell phone. The last call made from her phone was to her husband Suresh at 9.30pm, to whom she also sent an SMS stating that she would be spending the night at her mother's residence in Kukatpally and that he should pick her up from there on Wednesday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "15336666", "title": "Woman found hanging from ceiling fan", "text": "SINDRI: Baradaha village resident Monica Devi (24) died under mysterious circumstances at her in-laws' house on Wednesday night. Her body was found hanging from the fan of her bedroom on Thursday morning.While her husband Vishnu Mahto, a BEd student claims she committed suicide, her father Hareram Mahto in a written complaint to the police has alleged that her in-laws killed her and hanged her body from the ceiling fan.According to A K Singh, the officer in-charge of Baliapur PS, the deceased was reported to have gone to bed with her husband but the husband says that when he woke up around 4 am he found his wife hanging from the bedroom fan. He immediately informed his in-laws about the incident who in turn lodged a complaint with police.Monica's father in-law has informed police that she had an argument with her mother in-law over a religious ritual in the family on Wednesday afternoon after which she went to bed without taking meals. This could have been the reason for her suicide.The body has been sent to Dhanbad for autopsy and police would act as per the autopsy report, said the officer in-charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15334680", "title": "Man held for filming woman bathing", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested a man on Thursday for allegedly filming a woman bathing in her house in Nolambur. Police said Leema (name changed) was taking a bath when she saw a youth, Vinayagamurthy of Ambedkar Nagar, peeping through the window which had small holes.She immediately informed her husband Swaminathan who got into a fight with Vinayagamurthy and warned him. Vinayagamurthy, in turn, threatened them saying that he would upload Leema's pictures on the internet.Leema lodged a complaint with Nolambur police. Upon interrogation, Vinayagamurthy, who ran a lock and key shop in Ambedkar Nagar, revealed that he had threatened several women in a similar manner.\"He would always threaten women when they picked up a fight with him over any issue. He used this as a tool to scare away women in the locality,\" said an investigating officer. He was booked under Section 4 of the Prohibition of Women's Harassment Act and his mobile phone seized. Vinayagamurthy has been remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15333340", "title": "Kerala high court turns down Popular Front of India's freedom parade plea", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Thursday upheld the state government decision to ban 'freedom parade' by Popular Front of India's (PFI) on August 15.Accepting senior government pleader C S Manilal's contention that granting permission to conduct the parade would jeopardize communal harmony in the state, Justice T R Ramamchandran Nair dismissed the PFI petition. PFI had planned to conduct parades at four centres in the state - Malappuram, Kottayam, Kozhikode and Kollam. The state government's denial of permission was based on a report by the Intelligence DGP.Earlier, district police chiefs had denied permission to hold the parade in two phases. Though PFI approached the court challenging these denials, the court declined to interfere in the government's decision. Intelligence DGP had told the court that PFI is the new form of banned extremist outfit Simi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15332449", "title": "Reforms in 10+2 science stream likely", "text": "NAGPUR: Change seems to be operative word for the human resources development (HRD) ministry, and before September-end a committee will be constituted to look into possible reforms at the 10+2 level for the science stream. A highly placed source in the HRD ministry told TOI that the idea is to provide students with an option of studying an advanced level of subjects, so that they do not have to rely on coaching for competitive exams.The HRD ministry official said, \"IITs always test students for something beyond the class curriculum, because they are of a higher magnitude of difficulty. In our meetings with the IITs, one of the suggestions that came up was to see if we can provide students with a higher level of science at the 10+2 level. So students who want to crack competitive exams like IIT can take an advanced level of physics, maths etc\"He added that the system would be similar to what CBSE practices with its English subject. \"Students can choose 'English Core', which is a basic level or 'English Elective', which is an advanced level. Now the question is can we do it for math and physics also? Certainly not impossible, and if we do manage to do it then the IIT method of testing can be built into the school system itself,\" the official said.Students who then want to take a shot at the IITs can choose the advanced level at 10+2, while the others would be spared of learning the advanced topics. In CBSE, students have to choose either one of the core and elective. \"One of things the HRD ministry is accused of is that we don't take everyone's opinion. But this idea was something which everyone agreed was worth exploring and hence we have decided to constitute the panel soon,\" he said.Also, the option of advanced science level at 10+2 will make the inclusion of board marks for IIT seats consideration more realistic, the official said.But many in the city feel that the HRD ministry's literal war against coaching classes is a lost cause. Sameer Phale, a lecturer at Dr Ambedkar College (Deekshabhoomi), said, \"Earlier, we had only one IIT test, now there are two, basic and advanced, which has increased the pressure on students. So students will continue to join coaching classes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15337152", "title": "Friendship Day: Celebs whom we would love to see being pals again", "text": "With Friendship Day round the corner,TOI makes a wishlist of warring celebs whom we would love to see being pals againRGV-KJO It's not just that their school of filmmaking completely differ from each other. Ram Gopal Varma and Karan Johar also seem to be always at war. If one tweets taking a dig at the other's film (Varma tweeted \"...will make My name is Raavan and Mani should make Raavan Ki Kurbaan\"), the other is quick to post a scathing reply (Karan said, \"You have an amazing sense of humour Ramu! Never shows up in your films though\"). But, this Friendship Day, we would like them to forget these squabbles and make such movies that both they and their detractors will be only too khushi to stay nishabdh!Lee- Hesh Once upon a time, their friendship and on-the-field chemistry was the talk of town. It was said that they were absolutely inseparable. Then ego started rearing its ugly head and things got bitter. Now, their spat have reached a point of no return with Bhupathi calling Paes 'a backstabber' and Paes publicly regretting the interference of dirty politics in his career. With the glorious history of victories behind them, we cannot but help wonder what would've happened if they had patched up for good! Who knows? Perhaps, they might have provided a ray of hope for all those frustrated with India's abysmal performances at the London Olympics.Bebo- Bhansali The latest feud to have hogged the limelight was between Sanjay Leela Bhansali and Kareena Kapoor. Kareena was Sanjay's first choice as Juliet when he decided to make his version of Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet. But, when Kareena gushed about marrying long-time boyfriend Saif Ali Khan this October, it was said that Bhansali wouldn't cast a 'married' heroine as Juliet. Though Kareena said that she walked out of the film, it goes without saying that all izz not well between them. But, this Sunday, if they listen to our guzaarish to let bygones be bygones and bury the hatchet to do films together, it'll be a win-win situation for their fans. What say?Sallu- VivekIt all started when a jilted and supposedly drunk Salman Khan created mayhem calling Vivek 41 times when the latter was dating his ex-flame, Aishwarya Rai. Vivek called a press conference to wash dirty linen in public. Though Vivek tried to break the ice and even apologized to Salman, the latter refused to relent. So things went back to square one. Recently, he again took a dig at Salman saying, \"Sher tiger se bada hota hai\" (Vivek doing a film called \"Sher \" while Salman's \" Ek Tha Tiger \" is in the pipeline). Now that a lot of water has flown under the bridge and Aishwarya Rai has moved on to becoming a Bachchan bahu and a mummy, Vivek and Sallu too ought to move ahead in life. Just for the records, Salman has recently surprised his fans when he said he professionally wished that films of all his rivals, including that of SRK, should do well at the box office. Do we hear the Sher roaring?Compiled by Madhusree Ghosh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15339382", "title": "Johnny Depp and Vanessa Paradis hold hands", "text": "Johnny Depp and Vanessa Paradis reunited at their mansion in the South of France with their kids, just one month after announcing the end of their 14-year-partnership.Despite going their separate ways, Depp and Paradis proved they remain amicable after they were spotted together at the Plan de la Tour market near their home in Provence.The pair spent time with their kids, Lily Rose and Jack, and were even spotted holding hands, according to UsMagazine.com.\"They were both relieved they got along well, they were joking around. At one point, Johnny held Vanessa's hand!\" a source told the website.But another insider informed that despite the sweet gesture, Depp and Paradis wouldn't reconcile\"They are looking forward, not backward,\" the insider added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15336813", "title": "MYP slams Mushahary for riot slur against Muslim outfit", "text": "GUWAHATI: Rubbishing claims of Ex-BLT Welfare Association chairman Janamohan Mushahary that United Muslim National Army (UMNA), a militant outfit, crafted the ethnic clashes in the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) area, Muslim Yuva Parishad (MYP), Asom on Thursday said it was aimed at slandering the image of the Muslims in the state.In a statement issued to the media, the MYP questioned that if Mushahary was aware of all the activities of UMNA in the BTC area, why he didn't he inform the administration about the nefarious designs of the militant outfit before the clashes broke out.\"Mushahary should be arrested, since he did not inform the administration about the evil designs of the UMNA even after knowing everything,\" said MYP president Raju Ahmed and general secretary Enamul Mazid.The MYP asked chief minister Tarun Gogoi, who also holds the home portfolio, to probe into the allegations made by Mushahary. \"The comment of Janamohan Mushahary is a tactic to tarnish the image of Muslims. This is baseless and unfortunate. We appeal to him (Mushahary) not to disturb communal harmony in the state for his personal gains. Such statements are politically motivated,\" said a statement issued by MYP.The MYP demanded a probe to unearth the truth of the speech of Mushahary on Wednesday, where he claimed that chairman of UMNA Ratul Ali was a police official. tnnA", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15336521", "title": "Donations rain at Baba Dham shrine during Shravani Mela", "text": "RANCHI: The highest ever donation was received at the Baidyanathdham shrine this Shravani Mela. The total income is around Rs 3 crore. The Baidyanath Dham Temple Management Board (BDTMB), in whose account the 30-day collection will be deposited, has thanked devotees. The month-long mela concluded on Thursday, the day of Raksha Bandhan.The record earnings have taken the temple authority by surprise as the record collection comes at a time when the economy is in a poor shape. In 2009-10, when the economy was relatively better, the total earnings during the mela were only Rs 89 lakh. In 2010-11, the total donation was Rs 1.18 crore and in 2011-12 the donation was Rs 2.4 crore.A priest at the temple felt devotees were generously donating in the fond hope that Lord Shiva would improve the economic condition and the job prospect.The president of the Panda Dharma Rakshini Sabha (PDRS), the chief body of pandas at the temple, Vinodutt Dwari, said, \"People remember God whenever they are in trouble. Devotees want peace and economic prosperity. All the offerings are for this purpose.\"The donations, counted in the presence of temple magistrate, Mithilesh Kumar Jha, and the PDRS president on Wednesday evening was Rs 2.97 crore. Ramesh Parihast, temple manager, told TOI that at least Rs 3 lakh is collected from 15 donation boxes inside the shrine daily during the mela.The temple receives donations in two ways: people drop money inside the sanctum sanctorum, which pandas authorised by the temple magistrate, collect, and the second source is the 15 small and big donation boxes.BDTMB chief executive officer and deputy commissioner of Deoghar, Rahul Purwar, said, \"It is extraordinary. The money will be used for creating better temple infrastructure.\"Deoghar SP, Subodh Prasad, who led about 6,000-odd policemen to peacefully handle the mela, said, \"No untoward incident was reported during the mela despite a footfall of over 50 lakh devotees.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15334005", "title": "More financial powers for government medical colleges' deans", "text": "NAGPUR: In an extremely positive move, the state government has increased the financial powers of the deans of government medial colleges in the state and also the directorate of medical education and research (DMER).Government has increased the power of the deans from existing Rs 3 lakh to Rs 20 lakh and that of DMER director to Rs 25 lakh. This will expedite purchase process. With their limited financial powers the deans could not even purchase medicines during emergency. The new limits will allow procurement of medicines in the government hospitals.Maharashtra Government had limited the purchase of medicines and equipment especially in the two city colleges after certain irregularities were noticed during 2010. This new decision would now allow the deans to buy at least enough essential and life-saving medicines and surgicals that used to be in short supply.Whether the new GR will benefit the two colleges in city in particular or not is a big question. The Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) always has bills of a few crore rupees pending. At present, the MRI machine in the college is not functional since a fortnight but due to non-availability of Rs 37 lakh needed to pay for maintenance contract, the college couldn't procure a cable costing Rs 3 lakh. Also the college already has Rs 87 lakh pending as maintenance charges for various equipment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16145363", "title": "Ssumier Parsricha\u2019s hard work for upcoming telefilm", "text": "Ssumier R. Pasricha currently seen as Shailu in 'Sasural Simar Ka' will soon be seen in an upcoming telefilm on Star Plus' produced by Yash Patnaik.The actor has been working hard to make his character look realistic.Ssumier who started his career with a special appearance in the Bollywood film 'Hum Tum Aur Shabana' is playing a fashion designer with a comic element to his character.The actor who shares screen space with actors like Saahil Chaddha in the telefilm is leaving no stone unturned to make his character look perfect. He watched Priyanka Chopra starrer Fashion five times to make his character look convincing.Ssumier says, \"Working in a telefilm was a good experience. I play a fashion designer who has a comic element to his character. Fashion designers are as normal as anyone else. In the telefilm I and the heroine played by Umang Jain both aim to get promoted. Our Boss's role is played by Saahil Chaddha of 'Lal Dupatta Mal Mal Ka' and 'Baghwan' fame. The backdrop of the story is Delhi.To prepare for the film I saw film fashion for five times. Taking inspiration from a film is very normal and I hope my hard work will pay-off.\"When asked what kind of roles he wants to play, he says, \"I am recognized as Shailu wherever I go and I am surely looking for meatier roles. In a daily soap like 'Sasural Simar Ka' there are too many characters and yet I am noticed so in a show where there are less characters I have more chances of growing and being noticed as an actor.\"We must say, we are quite impressed by the hard work that he has put in and hope that the audience gives Ssumeir a warm welcome.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15332398", "title": "Finally, wakf e-work gets underway", "text": "HYDERABAD: Several instances of mishandling and disappearance of wakf property records later, the minorities welfare department (MWD) along with the State Wakf Board has finally started implementing its long drawn plans of protecting documents of wakf properties by digitising them.In a meeting held on Thursday, the MWD and Wakf Board officials decided that the project would start with digitising records of 600 wakf properties from Hyderabad and Ranga Reddy districts. So far, Rs 27.11 lakh have been released to set up a Central Computing Committee (CCS) on the seventh floor of Haj House. Dana Kishore, secretary, MWD said, \"This project will be taken up in two phases. The first phase will deal with computerisation of records and the second with the scanning of the original paperwork. We are expecting the work to be completed in about three months.\" Metadata sheets indicating particulars of around 38,000 wakf properties in the state will be digitised. Training of the Wakf Board staff in handling metadata sheets has also begun.Officials said around 74,000 properties have already been added in the second wakf survey and the number of wakf properties has increased by around 35,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15337255", "title": "Concretization, felling of trees irk green activists", "text": "INDORE: City environmentalists are peeved over the 'insensitivity' of Indore Development Authority (IDA) and Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) towards the trees. While constructing the cycle track along the 11.5 kms BRTS track in some parts of the city, many rules meant to protect roadside trees were flouted, allege green activists.The full-grown trees have been choked with concrete from all sides leaving little scope for water to seep in to nourish the roots. At Vijay Nagar crossing, about a dozen trees have been left to choke.The city-based environmentalist Ajay Gadikar said, \"If the area above roots are cemented, it will not allow the water to seep in and ultimately, the plants will die.\"Another environmentalist Anil Trivedi said, \"The government is stuck in the cobweb of development. Its policies of development and saving the environment do not match, he added.Of late, Indore has seen a large number of trees being felled in the name of development.\"Trees for development purpose have been rampantly cut down from High court to Malwa Mills, and just to ward off any blame for felling trees, the government agencies are indulging in rampant mindless plantation activity,\" he said adding that even electricity wire passing over the trees is against the norms.\"Even the people seem to have turned a blind eye.\"Soumya Roy, an environmentalist and lecturer in Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalay University, said, \"Trees get suffocated if the roots are not in touch with the soil and their requirement of salts and minerals are hampered. Moreover, trees attract clouds. Since we have cut down all the trees, this year Indore has received scanty rainfall.\"Meanwhile, K K Maheswari, the IDA city engineer said BRTS has been awarded the contract and it is responsible for the construction of pavement along the 11.5 kms corridor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15332973", "title": "Karnataka Dasara will be a low key affair this year", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka's flagship state festival, Dasara, will be a low key affair this year.Citing drought, chief minister Jagadish Shettar, who held Dasara review meeting on Thursday said with 142 of 176 taluks facing drought, it won't be appropriate to celebrate on a grand scale.The CM said while more than Rs 8 crore was released by the government last year, budget allocation for the celebrations this year will be restricted to less than Rs 6 crore. \"The district administration has sent a proposal of Rs 10 crore. However, the high level committee will review the proposal,\" he said.Kannada and culture minister Govind M Karjol said 26 committees will be constituted. The tourism department has directed to give wide publicity on Dasara across the globe within the available resources. A letter would be written to railways urging it put Dasara publicity materials in important trains running in different parts of the country and also use Bengaluru International Airport (BIA) to publicize about Dasara.The department has also cancelled government funding to delegations participating in AKKA ( Association of Kannada Kootas in America) events this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15333812", "title": "Delhi University acts tough in Kirori Mal College feud", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University has attempted to thwart protests against the suspension of Kirori Mal College principal Bhim Sen Singh. On Wednesday night, the registrar wrote to the acting principal, Dr S P Gupta, asking him to not sanction any casual leave for August 2 and 3 and serve show cause notices to two teachers.The staff association of KMC had appealed to its members to go on casual leave to protest against Singh's suspension. Association president, Dr Sudipta Ghosh, said that the letter reached the teachers at 10.30pm. \"Asking for leave is not a crime. It is our right,\" argues Ghosh, \"We spoke to the acting principal but he said it was a University order\". The other teacher in the dock is Rudrashish Chakraborty, secretary, staff association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15333704", "title": "Man gets life term for killing lover", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced a man to life imprisonment for killing a woman with whom he had extramarital relations, to save his marriage.Additional sessions judge Rajneesh Kumar Gupta found that Raja Ram, 42, had extramarital relations with Daropadi and killed her as his wife used to quarrel with him over the issue. \"It is evident that the accused has a motive to commit the murder of the deceased in order to restore his peaceful relation with his wife,\" the court noted.Raja Ram, a resident of west Delhi and a father of two minor daughters, was handed down life term for killing his neighbour Daropadi by gagging her and hitting her head with a brick. The prosecution case was that on June 20, 2010, Daropadi's son Rajesh came back home from work and found his mother lying in a pool of blood with her mouth gagged with a stole.She also had injuries on her head besides a hole in her cheek and bruises near the eyes, which appeared to be the fist marks and a blood stained brick was lying nearby, said the prosecution, adding that Rajesh rushed her to the hospital where she was declared brought dead.The victim's son was told by his neighbour Salima Begum that she had seen Ram watching TV with Daropadi just before her death.Rajesh also deposed that a year before the murder, Raja Ram, a mason, had repaired their shelter but did not charge any fee for the same. He said Ram developed love relationship with his mother and despite objections by his (Ram's) wife, he met the victim regularly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "15332494", "title": "Navy blamed for denying 24-hour flight services in Vizag", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Air Travellers' Association (ATA) has blamed the Indian Navy of blocking round the clock operations at the Visakhapatnam airport even as the Singapore national carrier Silk Air is in a dilemma on operating a direct service from Visakhapatnam to Singapore. Serious doubts have been raised whether Silk Air would go ahead with its plans to introduce a direct flight in the first week of October, as the deadlock over running the airport 24 hours a day continues.For now, the airport, which is under the control of the Navy, runs operations only up to 8pm. But Silk Air has sought permission from the airport authorities to land its flight at 11pm. Sources said the Singapore carrier was still uncertain as the Eastern Naval Command (ENC) has not given its consent yet to make the airport operational 24 hours.Out of Rs 300 crore spent on the airport modernisation, the defence ministry had spent Rs 140 crore on runway and the balance of Rs 160 crore was spent on night landing facilities and new terminal building.The ATA asked the ENC authorities if they were unable to operate the airport round the clock, they should immediately hand over the air traffic control (ATC), runaway maintenance and fire safety to the Airports Authority of India to operate the airport.ATA president D Varada Reddy said some of the Indian carriers were also keen to operate flights to Singapore, Kuala Lumpur and Bangkok . \"The city economy and tourism sector would grow only if the ENC leaves the control on Visakhapatnam airport,\" he said.He said that the Indian Navy had repeatedly stated that if there was an increase in patronage from the travelers and increase in flights, it would allow round the clock services but has been skirting the issue by citing lack of manpower at the airport. He suggested that the only way to resolve the issue was by shifting the INS Dega (ENC air base) to Rambilli and taking over of full control of the airport by the AAI.The AAI officials said they have not received any letter from the Navy to hire more number of employees to man the airport. Infrastructure minister Ganta Srinivasa Rao said the Navy's permission for extending the airport hours is mandatory. Presently, 36 flights are operated every day between 8am and 8pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15336407", "title": "Construction of water treatment plant to begin this month", "text": "SURAT: Surat Municipal Corporation's (SMC) standing committee has passed the proposal for the construction of a 40 MLD tertiary water treatment plant, which will be the country's biggest.The construction of the Rs 86 crore project will begin on August 11 near Bamroli sewerage treatment plant and its foundation stone will be laid by chief minister Narendra Modi . The idea of tertiary water treatment plant was mooted some two years ago.\"We need this plant to ease the growing pressure of demand from a number of industries in Pandesara. Once this plant is ready in 18 months, we will be able to supply 40 MLD of treated water to them and save that much of potable water for use by the people in the city,\" standing committee chairman Bhimji Patel said.At present, SMC supplies about 60 MLD of water to the industries in Pandesara against the requirement of nearly 100 MLD per day.The city draws nearly 745 MLD of water for a population of 44.64 lakh living in localities spread over 325 sq km of area. The water requirement of the city by 2020 is likely to grow to 1,400 MLD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15336532", "title": "'I wear a smile for everyone'", "text": "Why did you choose acting as your career?I belong to a family of artistes. Acting and singing are in my blood. Right from my childhood, I knew I had to choose a career in the film industry.Tell us about your early days in the industry. Was it a smooth ride?Not really. I first tried my luck in Odia film in 2007 and stayed near the residence of film star Uttam Mohanty. He suggested me to go for a career in music industry rather than acting, as there is tough competition. But I was decided. I struggled at first, but slowly I found my place and tasted success.Do you think you have succeeded as a music director?I have directed 50 to 60 albums and worked as director, lyricist and singer. I also got best music director awards. But then music industry passed through a bad phase. Some sort of Philistinism crept in. Unskilled people dominated the industry and talented artists could not survive. Then I decided to shift to FM radio and television.How has the journey been in television so far?Television has made me what I am today. Comedy programmes like \"Excuse me please!\", \"Jaha Kahibi Sata Kahibi\" and \"Phaltu Katha\" are most popular shows on television. These made me a household name in the state. So far I have played 318 characters in one serial, which is a record in itself.When and how did you choose to switch to comedy?A: I feel after \"Jayee Bhai\", there was a dearth of comedians in Odia film industry. Film makers started giving less importance to comic roles and scripts were lacking new ideas to provide a comic relief to the audiences. I got to play cameos in many films, but these did not give me satisfaction, so I decided to do selected films. People liked my style of presentation as they think me as one of them. For my colloquial language, many laughed at me, but when I tried to speak refined Odia, that sounded even more hilarious.From a comedian in films to a lead role in 'Rangila Toka', was it a risk you deliberately took or a confident decision?Actually my previous film, \"Balunga Toka\", in which I had a meaty role beside alongside Anubhab, was a super duper hit. I had also worked for the script. My work in the film was lauded by many, which gave me a confidence to take the risk of becoming the first comedian in a lead roll. And the result is before you. Even after weeks, 'Rangeela Toka' is running houseful shows.Did the fear of failure as a hero ever haunt you before release of 'Rangeela toka'?When I announced the project, many raised eyebrows, criticized the move or laughed at me. But my producer, Pravas Chandra Rout, had shown full faith in me and agreed to do the mega project. I took extra care and personally looked over everything starting from cast and crew to extras, story, script, music, lyrics. The film released and shut the mouth of all critics. It is a huge success.What will be your next project after Rangeela Toka ?My next film will be released in January. I cannot say much about the film but I can ensure it would be an 'original' film and not a 'copy-paste'.At present, Odia film industry has lost its sheen as most of the films are remakes of other regional films. What do you think should be done to improve the situation?Producers are ready to invest, but we don't have cinema halls to run them. I will change the taste of Odia audience and have decided to make films on classic Odia stories like 'Nila Mastrani' and 'Rebati', but with a contemporary touch. The medium of film has changed with time. Film makers also need to follow suit. Even a Javed Akhtar writes a song like 'Darde disco'. We have to change with time.What is the best compliment you have received so far?A retired school headmaster recently told me 'You remind me the popular column 'Jhitipithi Kahe' by Harekrushna Mahatab. You are mini Harekrushna Mahatab.Who has been your inspiration in this journey?Life itself is my biggest inspiration, because most of my characters are from the society we see around us. We all see them but never give them much importance. Moreover, there is something to learn from every character.What is your biggest strength?My biggest strength is my confidence. I am a dreamer and pursue my dreams till they are fulfilled.Where do you want to see Papu Pom Pom 10 years down the line?I would love to drink tea at my teashop at my gali's end. I drive without helmet on city roads, and wear a smile for everyone. I always want to remain like this only and wish to be remembered as a good actor. Remember the crowd that gathered at the funeral of Md Rafi? Such a crowd would bid me adieu, I wish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "15332046", "title": "100 party offices attacked in Kerala", "text": "KANNUR: The northern Kerala district remained tense for the second consecutive day on Thursday. Reports of violence came from various places during the hartal called by the CPM to protest the arrest of senior party leader P Jayarajan.In Kannur Town police station limits, nine cases were registered on Wednesday and Thursday, while the total number of cases lodged in the district against CPM cadre was more than 40. Cases have been filed against senior CPM leadets in Kannur.Over the past two days more than 100 party offices, including 70 Congress offices and 30 IUML offices, were targeted in the district. The Kannur Town West CPM office was attacked by a mob in the early hours of Thursday. The Indian Coffee House in the town was also attacked.Most of the attacks were reported in the early hours of Thursday from Thalassery, Payyannur, Iritty and Koothuparamba areas. In Moonuperiya near Peralassery, police used grenades to disperse a mob and 18 people have been arrested. In Payyannur, police association district secretary K J Mathew's car was set on fire. Mediapersons were also targeted by protesters in various places.In view of the tense situation, additional CRPF personnel reached Kannur on Thursday morning. A senior police officer said Malabar Special Police and Kerala Armed Police from neighbouring districts had already been deployed at various parts of Kannur district.A DYFI worker, who had been injured in a clash between the CPM and the Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) workers at Thachangad near Uduma under Bekal police station limits in Kasaragod on Wednesday, died at a private hospital in Kasaragod on Thursday afternoon.According to police, P Manoj (24), the DYFI Keekkanam unit president, had suffered head injuries in a fracas when the agitators forced the shops to close following the arrest of P Jayarajan. DYFI state secretary T V Rajesh, MLA, said the DYFI would observe a black day on Friday to protest against the murder of Manoj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15336391", "title": "Gambling den raided in Limbayat, 66 held", "text": "SURAT: The local crime branch arrested 66 persons after raiding a gambling den in Limbayat area on Wednesday.There were around 100 people gambling with cards at the location but some of them managed to escape during the crackdown.South Gujarat has a strange tradition of gambling during the pious Shravan month. In fact, large number of devotees stop consuming liquor and abstain from nonvegetarian food. Many do not even shave and have a hair cut.The gambling is called 'Shravaniyo jugar' and many worshipers, who fast the whole month, plan group gambling sessions.Five teams of total 30 police personnel raided the open ground in Limbayat near Sai Baba temple where the activity was flourishing in broad daylight. Police reached the location in seven vehicles and nabbed the accused. Cash of Rs 1.80 lakh and valuables worth Rs 20,000 were also recovered.During investigation it was found that the gambling activity was being carried out within the railway police jurisdiction to avoid local police's eyes.It was found during investigation that arrangement to accommodate around 100 people was done due to Shravan month. Considering the demand and requirement of a number of gamblers, the den operator Lalo and Ihstiyaq chose the open ground to accommodate all. Lalo and Istiyaq are absconding.\"The gambling activity operator chose the wide open ground to view clearly if anyone is coming. The location was also chosen to avoid complaints by locals,\" said N P Gohil, police inspector, crime branch.\"There is a significant rise in gambling activity during Shravan in the city,\" added Gohil.The den operators provide mattress, playing cards and cash on credit. Mostly, the locations change on regular intervals and the regular visitors are informed on their mobile number.In recent past, police nabbed gamblers from bank of Tapi river where the den was operating from a hut. Normally, no one goes into these locations despite being right in the middle of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15332906", "title": "Don't leave your pets behind", "text": "BANGALORE: Relocating to Ireland in just over a week, Nidhi Jain Agarwal has her hands full with drawing up a detailed chart of visitors for Cuckoo, her five-year-old Spitz. Her dog will have to be in India for 15 more days to complete the formalities before he joins the Agarwals.\"I'm checking with friends to ensure Cuckoo doesn't feel lonely. On weekends, my cousin sister will take care of him,\" said Nidhi. Techies Nidhi and Gaurav Agarwal are relocating their pet through a private management company.They're part of a growing tribe of pet owners who take their loved animals with them. Unlike earlier when families would leave pets behind with friends or relatives and invest in new ones in their new place.\"I brought Cuckoo home when he was a ten days old. I moved to different places, got married he has accompanied me everywhere,\" said Nidhi.For Shetland Sheepdogs' owner Paulyn Woodburn and her husband to come to Bangalore from Shanghai would have been a nightmare without their pets. \"We had no experience in pet relocation but we knew it would be quite stressful for the dogs, not to talk of the paperwork to get them here,\" said Paulyn.\"We checked them in at the airport just like family members and during the flight, it was comforting to know that my pets were in the same aircraft,\" she added. said Paulyn.Though it costs them a huge amount, pet owners don't mind spending that extra dollar for their beloved pets.Professional Help\"Tinka's owners relocated to Hong Kong and wanted to settle in and find pet-friendly accommodation before Tinka joined them. As per the initial plan, Tinka was to fly out as manifest cargo. However, a couple of weeks before she was to fly out, a pet embargo was imposed without knowing when it would be lifted. Her owners requested for a pet relocation specialist to escort her. Though it was a longer route, it was worth to see the joy on the owners' faces when the English bull dog was united with the owners,\" said certified canine behaviourist Anand Vishwanath, founder of Anvis Inc., the country's first integrated pet management company based in Bangalore.Costly AffairIt costs owners between Rs 70,000 and Rs 1.5 lakh, depending on whether the dog is being flown as excess baggage or cargo. A ticket needn't be bought for the petDocuments required* Complete Pet Health Record: Should be up to date on all vaccinations and deworming* Implanted Microchip: 15 digit ISO-certified microchip only* Many countries require specific anti-rabies certificate: Issued by a few approved labs across the globe, depending on destination* Fit to fly / health certificate* Export permit: Country of embarkation. Issued by ministry of animal services* Import Permit: Country of disembarkation. Issued by ministry of animal services or equivavalent govt body* Some countries also require bilingual pet passportsTypes of Relocation* Accompanied baggage in cabin: Pet and travel crate have to be less than 7-8kgs based on airline specifications* Accompanied baggage in cargo hold: If pet and travel crate are more than 7-8 kgs, pets will travel in the cargo hold on the same plane as owners* Accompanied baggage with pet relocation specialist: Ensure the specialist is a certified pet transporter/ pet behaviorist/ pet healthcare provider and clearly understands airline/ customs/ quarantine/ export country/ animal welfare act rules and regulations* Manifest Cargo: Pet travels on different flight than owner and in cargo hold", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15332706", "title": "Now, \u2018seepage\u2019 in Airport Metro", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days before the ministry of urban development decides on the deadline for finishing the repair work on Airport Metro Express, more 'defects' seem to be cropping up. In a joint meeting on Wednesday of the UD secretary, Delhi Metro and Reliance Infrastructure, which is the concessionaire for the Airport Metro Express, the issue of \"severe\" water seepage in the tunnel sections of the corridor came up for discussion.R-Infra, which had sent a letter to Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) on the issue on July 30 - a copy of which was also sent to the UD secretary - claims the seepage is so severe that it has been forced to replace the overhead electrification (OHE) on a \"complete rail-length\". Secretary (urban development), Sudhir Krishna, has now asked the Delhi Metro to look into the matter, along with the repair work on bearings and girders on the elevated section.\"The issue of seepage came up for discussion, and it was decided that DMRC will also look into this matter,\" Krishna said. The UD secretary had last week visited the tunnel to check into the complaint, added officials.Meanwhile, R-Infra has claimed in its letter to DMRC that the repair work on the seepage along the tunnel has meant \"huge expenditure\" for the concessionaire.The letter says that corrosive sediments generated from the leakage and DMRC's failure \"to take proper remedial measures\" had forced R-Infra to take \"a number of measures on it own\" to prevent \"serious damage to trackside project assets\".The letter adds: \"In fact, due to lack of proper remedial action by DMRC to remedy the situation of water seepage/leakage, the problem has only worsened, causing damage to trackside project assets.\" It goes on to ask DMRC to undertake \"all necessary repair/rectification and to take appropriate action to satisfactorily close all DMRC punch list items before reopening of the line\".When contacted, the spokesperson of DMRC confirmed receiving the letter, adding, \"In all underground constructions, especially tunnels which are at such a substantial depth, seepage is a normal phenomenon worldwide. What is required is making necessary arrangements for disposal of the seepage on a regular basis and for this, somps have been designed in the underground tunnels and motors are in place for seepage of excess water, if and when required.\"Meanwhile, the blamegame over the Airport Metro Express project seems to be getting murkier. Allegations of R-Infra not having paid the concessionaire fee for this year have been making rounds. The concessionaire, as per the agreement between R-Infra and Delhi Metro, is to pay an annual fee to DMRC while the revenue from the Metro operations goes to R-Infra for 30 years.However, for the year 2012, R-Infra is yet to pay the concessionaire fee. Sources in R-Infra confirmed that the fee has not been paid, claiming that the closure of the line was the reason for the delay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15338513", "title": "Father arrested for killing his 20 year old son", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Banaskantha police has arrested a father who killed his own 20 year old son. The reason was that the son did not come to the fields to assist him in the sowing operation.The father will be produced in the court later on Friday. According to the police in Gundarda village in Dantiwada Taluka of Banaskantha district, Sardar Koli on Wednesday night attacked his 20 year son Sunil alias Tina with an axe.Police said that Sunil was rushed to the nearby Palanpur Civil hospital in where he was declared brought dead. Police said that late on Wednesday night when Sardar returned home from the field he was angry and saw his son sleeping in the open verandah. He immedi-ately attacked him. Seeing the attack, his wife who was sitting nearby shouted for help. Police said that the villagers called ambulance and took Sunil to Hospital but it was too late. The body of Sunil was handed over to the relatives late on Thursday after the post Morten.Police said that after the final rites of Sunil the father was arrested and will be produced in the court late on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15336636", "title": "Facebook Timeline compulsory from August 8", "text": "LONDON: Social networking giant Facebook will now make it mandatory for people to use its new profile page Timeline.Timeline allows members to tell the story of their life on a single page, in less than a week's time.Until now, the change to the new-look Facebook has been voluntary, but the site's 800 million users around the world no longer have a choice as Timeline will be made compulsory from August 8.According to the Telegraph, users who have yet to switch to the new look are being served a preview of their redesigned profile.Timeline allows users a much more visually impactful profile and the ability to share the story of their whole lives.Some users have, however, expressed disappointment over the forced change.\"I'm sorry but this is rubbish. I'm surprised Facebook hasn't included a compulsory DNA profile section (default to public obviously),\" a user said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15334363", "title": "Speedy trial of gang-rape accused: DIG", "text": "PATNA: All the accused in the case of gang rape on camera that rocked the state last month will be put on speedy trial. This was stated by central range DIG Sunil Kumar on Thursday.Police are also probing whether the girl was being blackmailed after the June 14 gang rape in Rambha Apartment's flat number 301 in Rajvanshi Nagar. This after Dinesh, the domestic help of flat owner Sushant Paswan, made some fresh revelations during his interrogation by police. Dinesh, who was present in the flat at the time of the incident, was arrested from Darbhanga on Wednesday.Dinesh has revealed Sushant and Rahul Lamba, who is seen in the video as the most brutal of the girl's tormentors, had brought the girl to the flat again about a week after the June 14 incident. \"We suspect the duo was blackmailing the girl,\" the DIG said.Asked about Saurabh who was named by the girl in her statement in the court, the DIG said Dinesh did tell the police that Sushant had a friend by the name of Saurabh who used to often visit the flat. However, he was not in the flat on June 14. \"But all the four boys in the flat on June 14 addressed me as Saurabh for reasons not known to me,\" the DIG quoted Dinesh as having told his interrogators. He also told the police he would identify Saurabh, the friend of Sushant, if he was brought before him.The police officer said all the six accused in the case were interrogated on camera. \"We will submit the video in the court,\" he said.Investigations so far have substantiated that the gang rape took place in the flat. \"Talks of another spot of occurrence are bunkum,\" the DIG said.The police earlier nabbed five accused in connection with the case. While two of them were sent to juvenile remand home as they claimed to be minors, the three others were remanded in police custody and sent to the Beur jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15333702", "title": "Ghost employees scam: HC disposes of NGO petition", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi high court on Thursday disposed of a plea on the ghost employee scam involving the erstwhile MCD. In what was the first hearing on the scam post this year's municipal elections, Delhi Police informed a bench comprising Acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw that it was nearing the end of its probe and wouldn't object if HC no longer monitored the scam.The bench then asked the police to wrap up its investigation in six months and disposed of the PIL that was filed by NGO Jagrook Welfare Society. The NGO had alleged that there existed thousands of ghost employees on the civic body's payroll who never came to work but drew regular salaries from public fund.HC had then asked the crime branch to begin a probe and verify if the allegations were true. Earlier in March, police had told HC that the investigation is likely to yield arrests with higher-ups in the civic agency under scanner. The court had then asked MCD to furnish a list of \"appointing authority\", that is names of those who appointed the missing employees and cleared payments for them.HC had then given a week to the civic agency to furnish the list of names fearing that \"after trifurcation and elections, the problems may be compounded\".The court's direction came after police complained to the bench that MCD had failed to provide the list of these officers. The court had sought a progress report from cops by April 20.On Wednesday the standing counsel for MCD, Ajay Arora assured the bench that all three corporations will take strict action against those who permitted the ghost employees to remain on the rolls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15332737", "title": "Jobless alcoholic slits mother's throat", "text": "BANGALORE: A 45-year-old jobless alcoholic slit his 65-year-old widowed mother's throat late Wednesday night when she refused to give him money for a drink.But B Prabhavathi survived the attack and police arrested Girish Shetty and charged him with attempt to murder. The incident occurred at her residence in Tyagarajanagar 3{+r}{+d} block when Girish got into an argument with her.Her husband BRN Shetty, retired clerk with the income-tax department, died many years ago and she lived alone, police said.\"Her second son Mahesh Shetty lived elsewhere, while Girish would stay with friends or relatives,\" police said.On Wednesday evening, Girish dropped into his mother's house and pestered her for money.\"Prabhavathi refused to fund his drinking habit. An enraged Girish slit her throat with a shaving blade,\" Tyagarajanagar police said.Hearing her screams, Prabhavathi's neighbours rushed and shifted her to Victoria Hospital and informed police. \"Girish was about to flee the house when we arrested him,\" police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15336752", "title": "XLRI starts biz management programme for working execs", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The three-year part time programme in Business Management for Working Executives, (BME) was introduced in the premier business school, XLRI on Thursday as announced early this year.The BME module designed and developed for working professionals and entrepreneurs allows the flexibility of rigorous learning while working. The programme facilitates varied opportunities to the participants for applying conceptual insights gained in classroom to their workplaces and special projects, whilst bringing in respective field experiences to enrich classroom learning.\"The programme has been designed to facilitate two-way learning. The two-way interaction on a real-time basis, over an extended period of time, would help in developing concepts as well as hone the practical aspects of the knowledge gained in the classroom,\" said Prof. Rajiv Mishra, member of coordinating panel, BME.XLRI had been running such a program for a long time in the past but the same was discontinued about a decade back. The revised programme incorporates a number of changes made on the basis of feedback from industries.\"Inquiries from executives of Jamshedpur-based companies, expressing their interest in doing a part-time program in management motivated us to reintroduce the advanced version of BME,\" said Prof Mishra.A senior faculty at the institution admitted that most applications came from the large organizations where XLRI successfully generated BME awareness through interactions and road shows.Candidates from about 25 different organizations, with a wide diversity in terms of age, experience and qualification have enrolled in the debut batch (2012-15). BME candidates didn't appear for Xavier Aptitude Test, (XAT) however they appeared for personal interview and assessment test. \"The most attractive element of this programme is that it attempts to balance the work-life pressures and classroom-learning rigor for participants by scheduling the class timings in the late evenings and weekends, thereby providing breaks between terms, and reducing academic work-load during financial year endings,\" said an executive of a leading steel company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15336219", "title": "Naveen rejigs ministry, drops 5", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik went for the much-awaited ministerial reshuffle on Thursday by dropping five ministers and inducting nine others. With this, the number of ministers (including the chief minister) in Odisha has risen to 21.The five ministers shown the door were Atanu Sabyasachi Nayak (energy), Prafulla Ghadai (finance), Puspendra Singhdeo (labour), Pratap Jena (mass education) and Prafulla Samal (tourism and culture). They resigned minutes ahead of the reshuffle and their resignations have been forwarded to the governor for acceptance, said an official at the chief minister's office.The dropped ministers were perceived to be loyal to Rajya Sabha member Pyari Mohan Mohapatra, who had led an alleged coup attempt against Naveen on May 29.Governor M C Bhandare administered the oath of office and secrecy to the nine new ministers, including three of cabinet rank, at the swearing-in ceremony at Raj Bhavan.Those who took oath as cabinet ministers are Dharmashala legislator Kalpataru Das, who joined the ministry for the first time, and former ministers Damodar Rout and Bijayashree Routray. The six new ministers of state were Pratap Keshari Deo, Subrat Tarai, Rajanikant Singh, Sarojini Hembram, Arun Kumar Sahu and Rabi Narayan Nanda.In another exercise to facilitate reshuffle, government chief whip Rabinarayan Pani and deputy chief whip Arun Sahu, who was made a minister of state, also put in their papers, the sources said. Prabhat Tripathy and Sanjay Dasburma are expected to be made chief whip and deputy chief whip respectively, the sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15336855", "title": "It's not easy to invoke Goondas Act, say cops", "text": "MANGALORE: The Karnataka government on Wednesday announced it will invoke the Goondas Act against those involved in the Mangalore home-stay horror. The ground realities suggest that deputy chief minister R Ashoka could, well, be playing to the gallery, according to sources in the police department.The Karnataka Prevention of Dangerous Activities of Bootleggers, Drug Offenders, Gamblers, Goondas, Immoral Traffic Offenders and Slum-Grabbers Act, 1985, - popularly called Goonda Act - has hardly been invoked in Dakshina Kannada district. Shabari alias Shabarinath had served a one-year detention in 2006 under the Act, but not many lawbreakers have felt the heat of its stringent provision.A senior officer said that the Goondas Act prescribes a one-year preventive detention with no bail, and is invoked on the ground that normal laws of the land have failed to reduce threat from an individual to society. The most it can do, he said, is to send a strong message to troublemakers to keep their slates clean.Mangalore City police commissioner Seemant Kumar Singh said it is wrong to assume that Goonda Act can be invoked at will. \"It is a due process of law,\" he said. The city police have taken note of the will expressed by Ashoka.Deputy commissioner N S Channappa Gowda, who is the competent authority to pass orders of detention if the Act is invoked against habitual offenders, told TOI: \"It is for the police to initiate necessary action and the administration will process it.\"Deputy CM Ashoka had said the Act would be invoked against Subash Padil, who allegedly led the attack on a birthday party at Mangalore's home stay on Saturday evening. in Mangalore. A senior police officer said: \"The statement is one of a populist, aimed at earning public applause.\"The judiciary takes utmost care to ensure that invoking the Act does not curtail the personal liberties of an individual.Courts scan every aspect of the case. When the case comes up before the advisory board of the high court, the battle is fought more on technical grounds than on legal. The challenging aspect is to build a technically sound case, the senior officer pointed.In normal course, the court's advisory board upholds the detention order passed by the competent authority, but the paperwork is laborious, the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15332645", "title": "India Against Corruption: Non-violent method draws foreigners to Anna protest", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the day Team Anna decided to turn political, the protest site had supporters from countries like the US, Germany and Denmark.Standing out in the crowd was Azaam Carlson, an American clad in a pink suit, donning an Anna cap and holding a travel guide. Carlson came to India two years ago along with her husband, who works for an IT company in Bangalore. \"I have been following Hazare since March last year when he started his movement. I appreciate the cause he has taken up,\" she said.\"Every country has corrupt people. But it is the non-violent method that Hazare has adopted on the principles of Mahatma Gandhi that attracted me. Their caps represent a fight for justice and against oppression,\" Carlson said.Anna Claas, from Germany, was elated to know that her name was the same as Hazare's. Donning an \"I am Anna\" cap and holding a flag, she said she had not been following the movement for long. \"I came to India three weeks ago and heard about the non-violent agitation he was leading,\" she said. \"I have heard about such movements but experiencing it is different.\"Morten Hallas, a tourist from Denmark, however, happened to walk into the protest accidentally. \"I decided to explore the city myself. I just happened to walk by this, and had no idea what is going on,\" he said. \"But it is good to know that people do fight for a cause using means like hunger strike, and not violence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15338835", "title": "Dance guru Rachna Sarang to perform in Mumbai", "text": "Rachna Sarang has been dancing since she was three and for her this is the only medium which makes her \"complete\" and through which she can \"achieve true happiness and inner strength\". \"I believe that God has assigned each person with a duty, and I think that my duty was to be a dancer and a teacher. Dance is a soulful activity that has given my life a true meaning,\" says Rachna. Here are the excerpts from the interview .What does dance mean to you? Dance is the medium through which I can achieve true happiness and inner strength. Since the age of 3, I have become so obsessed with dance that my life would be incomplete without it. I believe that God has assigned each person with a duty, and I think that my duty was to be a dancer and a teacher. Dance is a soulful activity that has given my life a true meaning.You have been associated with dance since the last 40 years and have trained more than 200 students. What is more important to you - performing on stage or training your students? There is a time for everything. When it was my time to perform I did that. When I reached my level of expertise in performance, I moved onto giving back to the world the parampara of my Gurus- wonderful and thorough training. You have performed all over the world at prestigious events. Please tell us about your favourite performance and why was it special for you? Each and every performance of mine has been very precious to me because it was more important to me that I was always learning something new.Tell us about the ballet you produced for the Pandit Jasraj Institute for Music Research Artistry and Appreciation. The ballet was called Kahn Kahani of which the composition was by Sangeet Martand Pandit Jasrajji and his wife Smt. Madhuraji and beautifully sung by Trupti Mukherjee who had approached me with the project. It was a ballet on Radha and Meera for their love of Lord Krishna. It was a great experience for me to work with such great legends as Pandit Jasrajji.What advise would you like to give young dancers? In today's age, many young children are pressured to perform well in all fields of practice, whether it be dance, music, studies, etc. While parents hope to see their children excel in everything, it is truly important for every individual to find that inner motivation and dedicate their time to one activity. In dance, my advice is to begin your journey with classical training before diving into other more contemporary dance forms. Classical training provides every dancer with a unique type of discipline and structure, thereby creating a strong foundation for further learning. I believe that once a dancer masters a classical form, he/she will be able to grasp other styles with ease and grace.Who are your gurus ? Why did you learn from different gurus over time? My first Kathak gurus were Sundarprashad ji , Lacchu Maharaji ji , and then Padma Vibhushan Pandit Birju Maharaj ji . I also trained in Bharatnatyam under Chandrashekar Pillai and Kalayansundaram Pillai of Tanjore gharana and worked with the renowned Bollywood choreographer B. Hiralal Masterji. Through these gurus , I adopted different accents in dance and molded them into my own distinct style. In Kathak, each gharana has its signature movements and emphasis - for example, Lucknow gharana focuses on abhinay and nritya while Jaipur gharana can be characterized by vigorous footwork and chakars . In this sense, I cultivated my love for learning different styles through my experience with my gurus . Even today, I create new pieces by fusing the contemporary with the classical. Therefore, my tutelage under numerous gurus has been a gift as it has enabled me to develop new patterns and highlight different motifs that are unique to all dance forms.Aap or aapki bahan Madhurita Sarang...aap dono ki style mein kya farakh hain?  My younger sister, Madhurita Sarang, and I were known as the \"Sarang sisters.\" Although we learned from the same gurus during our training in Kathak, we had our own distinct styles. This difference is the true essence behind our success together, as we have complemented each other on stage and have choreographed many performances worldwide. After learning from Padma Vibhushan Pandit Birju Maharaj Ji in Delhi, Madhurita and I started our own academy in India known as Nritya Darshan . Under this umbrella, Madhurita and I produced many ballets such as Ramayana and Kumarsambhav , and we danced in many festivals all over India. Additionally, we performed with many prominent tabla exponents such as Pandit Shanta Prashad Ji , Kishan Maharaj Ji , Latif Ahmed and Ustad Zakir Hussain . In America, Madhurita and I danced at prestigious venues such as Lincoln Center , World Music Institute at Symphony Space, and Bharti vidhya bhavan in New York.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15333313", "title": "Home is no safe haven for Coimbatore women", "text": "COIMBATORE: Police statistics seem to indicate that home is no longer a safe haven for city women, given the upward surge in violence and harassment towards women, where the perpetrators are family members themselves. This year, the total number of cases has already touched 75, as opposed to the 83 cases that were registered for 2011. And we still have another six months to go.Just recently, the city witnessed a brutal crime where a 20-year-old woman was murdered by her own husband in Vadavalli for bearing a second daughter. The incident came to light on 25 July, with the arrest of 22-year-old S Pandiaraj who murdered his wife G Nagajothi (20). Pandiaraj had repeatedly kicked her in the abdomen the previous night. She woke up vomiting blood and died on the way to the hospital.In another incident, 26-year-old A Nagarajan from Puthu Colony was arrested for attempting to murder his wife N Krithika Jothi (20) by setting her on fire on July 25. Police said Nagarajan harassed his wife for dowry. He was eventually arrested by the Perur All Women Police Station. Nagarajan's father K Aruchamy was also booked in the case.\"In many of these cases, the husband is an alcoholic who is physically abusive. Dowry harassment cases are also on the rise,\" said Hema Karunagaran, Deputy Commissioner of Police, Coimbatore city. While there are no dowry deaths this year, seven rape cases have been registered.\"If a woman is being continuously harassed by her family then she should approach the police. Proper action will be taken against the perpetrators,\" said E S Uma, superintendent of police, Coimbatore district.\"Women should stand up for their rights and raise their voice against violence. Girls should be educated about their rights from a young age. They should be prepared to tackle such situations boldly,\" says Sangeetha Paul, Assistant Professor, MSW department, Sri Krishna College of Arts and Science.As far as other criminal offences against women are concerned the scenario is a bit worrisome. As many as 65 sexual harassment cases were reported in the last year. About 23 cases were reported in the city in the last six months. Seven rape cases have been reported so far as against the total nine reported in 2011. Police have registered 12 molestation cases so far while the total number of such cases was 29 last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15336278", "title": "Mahindra Satyam Q1 profit up 56%", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mahindra Satyam posted over 56 per cent jump in net profit to Rs 352 crore for the quarter ended June 30, largely on account of forex gains and interest income.The company's net profit stood at Rs 225 crore in the April-June 2011 quarter.The company had a foreign exchange gain of Rs 67 crore, and Rs 60 crore as interest from deposits, Mahindra Satyam Chief Financial Officer Vasant Krishnan told reporters here.In April-June 2012, the company's other income rose to Rs 134 crore from Rs 98 crore in the year-ago period, which boosted the net profit.The company's consolidated revenues for the reported quarter stood at Rs 1,880 crore, up 31.1 per cent from Rs 1,434 crore in the April-June 2011 quarter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15336609", "title": "Police remove Maoist posters in Chowka", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The Chowka police in the adjoining Seraikela-Kharswan district had a trying time early on Thursday when they had to remove anti-establishment posters of the banned extremist outfit, CPI (Maoist), from a dozen odd places.Chowka, which has not witnessed any major extremist engineered violence for the past several months, suddenly woke up to find posters and banners of the outfit demanding that the state government avoid assisting the ongoing anti-Maoist operation of the Union government, Green Hunt, among other things.\"Stop corruption in public welfare schemes\", \"Stop polluting the land, forest and water of Jharkhand\" and \"Stop the exploitation of innocent tribals under the garb of industrial development\" were some of the posters that were spotted at Chawri Bazaar, Panchayat Bhavan, Chowa High School, Gordi Lamps and Chowka Moar. Maoists are observing martyrs' week from July 28 to August 3.\"In some places here, Maoist posters were found which were removed by the police,\" said Chowka police station in-charge, R A Singh.Although the police were quick to remove the posters and banners, they feel the influence of the dreaded Maoist commander, Kundan Pahan, is still very strong in the area.\"We suspect the posters were put up by the unidentified squad members of Kundan Pahan,\" said a policeman.As part of community policing and for safety and security, the Seraikela-Kharswan police had recently provided traditional arms to the members of the local vigilant group, Dalma Anchalik Suraksha Samity, (DASS), an anti-rebel outfit active in the Dalma hills of the district.Kits containing a bow, 10 arrows, shoes, socks and torch were given to around 100 members of the group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "15332491", "title": "Train mishap: TTE, railway staff questioned", "text": "NELLORE: The statutory inquiry into the fire mishap in Tamil Nadu Express began here on Thursday with commissioner, railway safety (CRS) Dinesh Kumar Singh recording statements of eye-witnesses and employees of the railways and officials of state and central governments. The public inquiry would continue on Friday also.A key witness who was the train ticket examiner (TTE) of the gutted S-11coach, Kamalkanth also appeared before the CRS and gave his version. Kamalkanth, who was responsible for overseeing the safety arrangements in the coach, including preventing the entry of unreserved passengers into the reserved coach, was grilled for over an hour, sources said.Kamalkanth was in charge of five coaches of TN Express on the ill-fated day and is reported to have slept in the S-8 coach when the mishap took place. Kamal was taken into custody by the police on the day of mishap for questioning.At least three other TTEs present in the train on the day of fire were also examined by the CRS. The inquiry started at the officers' guest house where the CRS was taking statements from the witnesses.All the staff members working at the Nellore railway station and those who manned gates on both sides of the station were summoned by the inquiry officer.The commissioner had also recorded the statements of the state fire services and police officials who reached the spot soon after the mishap. Singh had already visited all the four hospitals in the town where the injured passengers were being treated and recorded their statements two days back.The cause of the fire remained a mystery with some witnesses claiming that they heard an explosion before the flames engulfed the coach around 4.30 am on Monday. Some district officials said short-circuit in electric panels might have triggered the fire.Railway officials have not ruled out sabotage in view of the huge flames that swept through the coach.The officials have identified and handed over 21 bodies to their relatives and the remaining bodies, which were in a bad condition, have been kept at the government hospital here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "15332208", "title": "Man bites off bus driver's finger for driving slow", "text": "HOWRAH: A passenger allegedly bit off a part of the index finger of a bus driver on Wednesday night, as the latter was driving the vehicle slow. and escaped. He is still at large.The injured and profusely bleeding bus driver has been admitted to the Howrah district hospital. While Akash Gupta (24), the accused, is still at large, his uncle has been arrested.Two buses of route no. 219 were moving from Nagerbazar towards the Howrah station. The 45-year-old driver of one of the buses, Avtar Singh, was reportedly driving the bus very slow, which irritated some passengers. One was being driven by 45 year old Avtar Singh. He was allegedly driving very slow which irritated the passengers.A heated exchange of words also took place between the conductor, driver and the passengers. on one side and the passengers on the other.When the bus was close to Howrah station, Gupta started beating up the driver, along with his uncle Surendra and other passengers. Eyewitnesses said that the driver also hit them back.\"After the bus reached the terminus, the driver and the passengers got down, but they were in no mood to give up. In a fit of rage, Akash bit the driver's left index finger and ripped off some portion of it. As the injured driver started screaming in pain with blood gushing out, Akash fled from the spot. Passengers started searching for the finger but could not trace it.The accused had a lot of blood inside his mouth, which he tried to spew before running from the scene,\" said sources. His 50-year-old uncle could not escape and was later arrested.Both Surendra and Akash are residents of Ghasbagan area under the Golabari police station. However, Surendra said that he did not know where Akash was. Police could not find him at his residence.The driver, a resident of Nagerbazar, is in a local hospital now and has received some stitches on the injured finger. Police said that the part of the finger, that was ripped off, could not be found. and hence the finger could not be mended.Preventive medicine expert Debashish Basu said that there were chances of infection, tetanus and gangrene setting in and hence the doctors treating the driver should protect the rest of the hand of the driverfirst. He said that it is possible for a person to yank off a human finger since these are soft metacarpal bones that break easily. \"No time should be wasted in arresting the infection that might be caused by the bacteria in human saliva ,\" he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15332070", "title": "20 jailed for terror crimes in Xinjiang", "text": "BEIJING: A Chinese court has jailed 20 people for up to 15 years for their involvement in \"terrorist and separatist crimes\" in Xinjiang province bordering Pakistan.The State-run Xinjiang Daily reported they were convicted of using internet and removable storage devices to communicate with other terrorists besides leading and organizing criminal activities. Four of them also made explosives besides joining the rest in spreading \"hatred and the creed of violence\", it reported. The convicted people were involved in five different cases.Xinjiang is the hotbed of a separatist movement involving a section of local Uighurs, who seek freedom from China. The local government has repeatedly blamed terrorist groups in Pakistan for supporting Uighur separatism. The Communist Party has barred its Muslim cadres, students and government employees in Xinjiang from fasting during the month of Ramadan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15332196", "title": "Rare surgery gives infant new life", "text": "KOLKATA: A 28-day-old baby with a rare congenital anomaly was saved by a surgery in a Kolkata hospital last week. Born with \"rectal duplication\" or two rectums, the infant was gradually deteriorating, with her functional rectum being compressed by the non-functional mass that formed as an appendage on the side of the anal opening. An extremely rare disorder, rectal duplication is recorded in less than 2% of babies born with gastrointestinal duplications.\"While she had a normally functioning rectum, there was a tumour-like mass to its side which was about six centimetres long. It had a central opening, too, but the mass ended at the rectal wall. It had pushed the rectum and displaced the opening which had been constricted. The baby would gradually have stopped passing stool. A corrective surgery was the only way out,\" said Biswajit Bhaduri, paediatric surgeon, who led the three-member surgical team.The infant had been bleeding from the second rectum which was fast getting infected. \"The functioning rectum was getting affected by the tumorous growth. The rectum would have grown with the baby, heightening chances of infection. It could have been life-threatening if the appendage was allowed to remain.\" The surgery will have no long-term effects. Being a congenital disorder, it won't recur either.There are very few references of rectal duplication in medical records across the world. Among gastrointestinal duplications, rectal duplication forms a small subgroup, with less than 100 cases having been reported in medical history till date. Recognition of its varied clinical presentations and the subsequent management protocol is mandatory so as to avoid undue morbidity and mortality associated with delayed diagnosis and treatment. \"Since it is so rare, we would like physicians and experts to be aware of the different clinical presentations of this rare entity, to ensure a satisfactory recovery with an early surgical intervention in case they come across a similar case,\" added Bhaduri. The baby has recovered satisfactorily but is yet to be released from hospital.\"We had feared that she might have to live with the deformity. Then, as doctors told us that it must be removed, we were extremely jittery. The very thought of her going under the surgeon's knife was scary. But the surgery has been successful and my daughter has got a new life,\" said Rajesh Mondol, the father. It will take another couple of weeks for the baby to recover. \"There won't be any sign of the surgery or the disorder. She will be able to lead a healthy life,\" said Bhaduri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15336458", "title": "Court notice on Indian Mujahideen suspect's house", "text": "RANCHI: A two-member team of the National Investigating Agency put up an attachment notice on the house of suspected Indian Mujahideen member Manzar Imam in Bariyatu on Thursday. The notice says Manzar is wanted in cases of treason and waging a war against the state. The attachment order has been issued by the chief judicial magistrate of Ernakulam, Kerala. Manzar is wanted in connection with last year's Mumbai serial blasts.Sub inspector T Raja and constable R S Maheshwar arrived from Kerala to put up the notice asking Manzar to appear in court before September 3. \"We have been asked to paste the notice on his house. We will not comment in this connection,\" said Raja.Last year, a team of NIA had raided the house of Manzar Imam, who was suspected to be an IM operative, and his family members were also grilled for several hours. Currently the house where the attachment order was pasted is inhabited by his family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15332025", "title": "TAM system outdated, unrepresentative", "text": "NEW DELHI: NDTV's lawsuit has brought under increasing scrutiny the methods and practices used by Television Audience Measurement (TAM) in India to measure viewership. Industry sources say that the system is outdated and unrepresentative but has continued as an industry norm unfettered.This despite the fact that individual TV channels, broadcast bodies, government and parliamentary panels have slammed the agency for its small sample size and limited geographical spread. It is well known that about 8160 boxes are used to extrapolate viewership of 625 24-hour channels for a population of over a billion.The TAM system consists of boxes which are installed in a few homes, which then give data on channels watched, their periodicity, etc \u2014 all of which are key inputs for advertisers, which is the lifeblood of TV news channels, especially since they get only one fifth of the subscription revenue they are entitled to from cable operators.Industry sources cite numerous instances to point out the gross misrepresentation of the TAM system. The latest instance is this year's Week 25 TAM viewership data of Mumbai showing \"zero viewership\" among young males who come from an affluent background.In technical jargon, this segment would be called \"male 25 years plus age group (analog) for target group AB\" for June 21, the day the Maharashtra Mantralaya caught fire. \" It is impossible that this could happen, given the huge audience interest in the story which was followed through the day as lead. Yet the TAM data showed that no one from the city in the Males 25+ AB audience among the analogue homes had tuned into any of the English news channels. This is clearly an indicator of the kind of homes where TAM meters are installed and gross misrepresentation of English news channel viewers in the TAM panel,\" a broadcaster said. Industry heads also say that there is no third party audit in the measurement system.Sources explained that in any news channel, even after thousands of interviews in a small city for an exit poll, the final results are different and that too for a considered decision where the future of a nation is being decided. \"For a decision of which channel to watch we can well imagine how just 50-60 boxes per target group per city are telling you what your consumers are watching,\" a media head said. The NDTV plaint too makes the point that the small sample size meant that \"bribing and manipulating only a select number of homes\" could cause significant change in data.The industry has pointed out that quality of such data is suspect since it was well known that upmarket homes would be the toughest ones to allow an intrusive device like a people meter in their homes, especially since the data is collected manually.The NDTV lawsuit elaborated on evidence given by a \"consultant\" hired by TAM who had turned whistleblower after witnessing the \"widespread corruption\" in the system. The plaint document quotes him saying that he had bribed TAM personnel and people meter homes to manipulate TV ratings and was even successful in bribing TAM personnel to select him as a sample people meter home.Industry experts say another anomaly is that TV ratings, which were essentially meant as an advertisers tool to plan their media spends, continues to be funded substantially by broadcasters.India as a market has no transparency of subscription money and most channels depend solely on advertising income. This has forced the ratings system to become a proxy for programming decisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15333360", "title": "Full bench hearing on extended life imprisonment vs death penalty begins in Kerala high court", "text": "KOCHI: A full bench of the Kerala high court on Thursday began hearing on the legal question whether extended life sentence can be imposed as an alternative to death penalty.The full bench comprises acting Chief Justice Manjula Chellur and justices M Sasidharan Nambiar and T R Ramachandran Nair.Though the matter was referred for being heard by a third judge last month following dissent among the division bench that heard the issue earlier, the decision was subsequently amended and left to the full bench to decide.After reviewing death penalties imposed in 10 cases by lower courts, division bench comprising justices R Basant and K Vinod Chandran had delivered separates judgements on April 13 following dissent.While Justice Basant ruled that trial courts had the power to send convicts in murder cases to jail for more than 14 years without remission, Justice Vinod Chandran held that the power was limited to high courts and the Supreme Court. Section 392 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC), which deals with matters related to dissent among judges, stipulates that a larger bench should hear the case if judges in a division bench express dissent and suggest that the matter should be heard by a larger bench.Extended life sentence as an alternative for death penalty was brought in by a ruling of the Supreme Court in the Swami Shraddananda case.Following this, many trial courts have been handing out extended life sentences such as imprisonment for 20 or 25 years, as against the earlier choices that were limited to death penalty or life imprisonment for 14 years.Director general of prosecution T Asaf Ali had contended before the division bench that extended life sentence is an infringement on the right of the government for remission or commutation as granted by CrPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15336641", "title": "White tiger ailing at Bokaro zoo", "text": "BOKARO: Satpuda, the male white tiger at the Jawaharlal Nehru Botanical (JNB) Park (Bokaro zoo), is suffering from paralysis in both the hind legs. Park staff is providing necessary treatment and strictly monitoring the condition of the big cat.A park official said while the Central Zoo Authority (CZA) had been informed about the condition of the tiger, the authorities have sought help from the Indian Veterinary Research Institute (IVRI) and invited vets from Nandan Kanan Zoo in Odisha and zoos in Jamshedpur and Ranchi to offer advice on a suitable line of its treatment for the five-year-old tiger.Park official G Chakraborty said the JNB staff recently noticed that Satpuda had not taking its food and sat at the same place for several hours in its enclosure. When the zoo staff tried to make Satpuda sit up and walk the tiger did so only by dragging both the hind legs.Chakraborty, who is also a veterinarian, said after a thorough check he found Satpuda had suffered paralysis in the hind limbs. \"We are administering appropriate drugs and maintaining cleanliness in the cage to avoid any infection,\" Chakraborty said.He said Satpuda also developed a few sores for staying in a stationary position for long hours. \"The sores are now being cleaned and treated. What is all the more encouraging is that the big cat is taking regular diet of 5-6 kg of fresh buffalo meat every day. Of late, some signs of recovery have also been noticed and Satpuda is able to sit on its own when served meals,\" Chakraborty said.Satpuda and Ganga (a tigress) were brought to Bokaro zoo (which is maintained by Bokaro Steel Plant) from Maiti Bagh in Bailai (Chattisgarh) in January this year in exchange of a peacock and parakeets. Ganga gave birth to three white scubs on May 17. One of the cubs died in a freak accident a month later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15335780", "title": "Sensex down 116 points in early trade", "text": "MUMBAI: The BSE benchmark Sensex on Friday fell by nearly 116 points in early trade, due to increased selling by funds largely in tandem with a weakening trend on other Asian bourses after the European Central Bank dashed hopes of immediate action to solve the euro-zone crisis.The 30-share barometer, which had lost 33.02 points on Thursday, fell by another 115.95 points, or 0.67 per cent, to 17,108.41 points, as all sectoral indices led by metal and auto trading in the negative with losses up to 1.55 per cent.The wide-based National Stock Exchange index Nifty also declined 37.10 points, or 0.71 per cent, to 5,190.65.Brokers said selling by funds amid a weak trend on Asian bourses following overnight losses at the US market after the European Central Bank dashed hopes of immediate action to solve the euro-zone crisis, mainly dampened the trading sentiment here.Besides, deficient monsoon in the country also had negative impact, which raised worries about inflation, they said.In Asian region, the Hong Kong's Hang Seng index fell by 0.77 per cent, while Japan's Nikkei lost 1.62 per in early trade. The US Dow Jones Industrial Average shed 0.71 per cent in Thursday's trade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15338027", "title": "'Lakhon Mein Ek' follows social theme set by 'Satyamev Jayate'", "text": "After creating a watershed TV moment with a show featuring powerful social themes, Star Plus will launch 'Lakhon Mein Ek', a new series that will build on 'Satyamev Jayate' and keep the focus on issues of social consequence. The show, starting Aug 5 at 11 a.m., will feature stories of real life people who rose above the ordinary through choices they made - be it a young girl helping her widowed mother find marital bliss yet again or a father, who lost his son to ragging, start a sustained campaign against such abuse or a mother lend her womb to bear her daughter's child.The show will feature inspiring tales of courage that has the potential to change entrenched mindsets.'Lakhon Mein Ek' is an amazing compilation of extraordinary tales of people who walk among us, but have risen above us because of their ability to think beyond the rigid norms that a part of society dictates.\"Excellence and distinctiveness are values that are very often ignored,\" Uday Shankar, CEO, Star India, said. \" 'Satyamev Jayate' , reinforced what we knew about our viewers. They have an appetite for compelling stories that are built around the communities that we live in and that have a material impact on the kind of country we want to build and live in.'Lakhon Mein Ek' is consistent with that philosophy. The show itself is part of Star's efforts to use TV's reach and power to shape society's outlook and mindset by making examples out of individuals who influence change.\" The program draws inspiration from real-life heroes and builds an episode around their life events after adapting it for the screen. This is a reality show unlike any other that audiences have watched till now. The person behind the story would be introduced at the end of each episode. Nachiket Pantvaidya, Head, Star Plus, said, \"It's Star doing its best to deliver content that helps transform mindsets through programmes that are sensitively made.\" The big content disruption with this show is how for the first time real stories of viewers, sent in by them, will be made into an episode as part of the series.Produced by Big Synergy, the show will be hosted by Pooja Gor of Pratigya, who has consistently portrayed Nayi Soch through her show 'Mann Ki Awaaz Pratigya' , one of the most popular and top rated shows on Star Plus, and will be the 'Sutradhar' of 'Lakhon Mein Ek' . She will be introducing each story and guiding viewers with the key message from each episode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15332433", "title": "Don't follow today's netas, Hedge's message for youth", "text": "HYDERABAD: Stressing that an immediate change in the nation's politics and style of governance was the need of the hour, former Supreme Court judge and ex-Karnataka Lokayukta Santosh Hegde called upon young Indians to put an end to large-scale corruption that has crept into the system.Speaking to young industrialists and students on Thursday, Hegde said that the attitude towards political governance needed to change. \"This change cannot be brought about by my generation. It has to come from the youth who must not take the widespread corruption in the system lying down,\" he said. \"It is time for us to change the outlook of our elected representatives. Transition is possible peacefully, but for that society should take charge of the situation ,\" Hegde said.\"I am not against the political system but against the present lot of politicians. The youngsters who want to venture into politics should be careful that they don't become like the existing ones,\" he said.Hegde was speaking at an interactive session on the \"Role of youth in democracy\" organised by Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) and Young Indians at the University of Hyderabad.As to the Lokpal Bill, Hegde said that the document was long overdue. \"Lokpal Bill is not a new demand put forward by Anna Hazare . This demand has been pending for long. The politicians are misleading the public saying that the Bill can take on a monstrous form; but the truth is that every act of the Lokpal can be judicially reviewed,\" Hegde clarified.Hegde said that during his tenure as Lokayukta, he saw a lot of suffering due to corruption. The scams he came across only bred hatred and anger towards the administration, he said. Ridiculing the functioning of public representatives in Parliament, Hegde said: \"In a recent report it has come to light that in all the Lok Sabha sessions put together, from 2004-2009, only 172 MPs had participated in discussions in the House.In 2008, during a single Lok Sabha session, 17 bills were passed within a span of 12 minutes. One of the bills passed was the amendment to the Anti-Corruption Act, 1988, which, Hegde said, was pushed through with the other bills in order to draw as little attention to it as possible.In March 2011, they wasted 23 days just to argue about who should probe the scam but still failed to arrive at a consensus on the same. \"Each proceeding in the Lok Sabha costs Rs 3.5 crore and this is not the way it should run,\" Hegde said.He expressed concern over the huge amounts of money being siphoned off from the country and cited the findings of the recent CAG report, according to which Rs 1,76,000 meant for public usage was lost. He expressed concern over the deteriorating condition of the public sector and felt that it was important to bring in reforms in electoral policies, policing and the running of the judiciary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kakinada", "code": "15332444", "title": "'Efforts on to unite anti-SEZ agitators'", "text": "KAKINADA: Indian National Social Action Forum (Insaf) general secretary Chittaranjan Singh said that they are making efforts to bring all the anti-SEZ agitators across the country under one roof.He said it was possible to regain the land taken away for setting up SEZs if all the affected people and the protestors stay united. A 10-member Insaf team visited the Kakinada SEZ in Thondangi and Uppada Kottapalli mandals in East Godavari district on Thursday and extended support to the agitators. The farmers and farm labourers have beenagitation against the KSEZ is going on for the last six years.\"We have already started farming in the acquired land and would continue our protests till the promoters vacate the entire land,\" anti-KSEZ activist S Veera Babu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15337232", "title": "Electric crematorium has few takers in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: Despite being cost-efficient, environment friendly and less time consuming, the electric crematorium at Harishchandra Ghat is lying neglected.Narayan Chandra Basak, posted as operator in the crematorium by Varanasi Nagar Nigam (VNN), said the number of cremations in the newly repaired crematorium hardly goes more than 10 daily, which is far less than the average traditional cremations being performed at Harishchandra Ghat.\"From April 1, only 899 cremations have been performed so far at the electric crematorium. Even when the level of river Ganga is increasing, people do not bother performing traditional cremation on the ghat,\" he said.\"People from far off places come to Varanasi for cremation. They are often fooled by locals who are engaged in selling wood for cremation\", said Chandan Chaudhary, who works as helper in the crematorium.\"Several wood sellers give wrong information to people about electric crematorium and mislead them that it does not lead to salvation, the crematorium is defunct or extra money is charged by the operators. They create misconception in the minds of people who arrive from outstation,\" he added.The cost of electric cremation is much less than the traditional one. According to Basak, the cost of electric cremation is Rs 500 while the traditional cremation could cost between Rs 4,000 and 5,000.But some people who arrive from far off places prefer electric cremation for it takes only 45 minutes for the completion of process while in traditional cremation it takes around 4 to 5 hours. \"Such people are less in number and proper awareness about the less harm to the environment by the electric crematorium is missing,\" Chaudhary added.The electric crematorium was commissioned in January 1989 as a part of the Ganga Action Plan to serve the purpose of cost efficient and river friendly cremation. Frequent technical snags and lack of resources for its maintenance had overshadowed these purposes. Struggling with technical snags, the crematorium stopped functioning since December 2010 and had been lying defunct for more than a year.Very recently, Varanasi Vikas Samiti (VVS), a local organization, with financial assistance from a donor from Kolkata, had taken up the task of repairing and renovating the crematorium.The crematorium started functioning from March 29 after renovation. The maintenance and operational work is being managed by four people deployed by VNN. \"In next two months, the refractory bricks that line the chamber of the furnace have to be replaced,\" a worker added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "15336795", "title": "Bangladesh fish export ban hits Tripura", "text": "AGARTALA: The suspension of fish export by neighboring Bangladesh owing to Ramzan for the past two days has dealt a serious blow to the fish market in Tripura, pushing up prices in the retail market to almost double.According to customs officials, the Bangladesh government has slapped a ban on the export of all kinds of white fish, including hilsa and excluding prawns, until August 20, to keep prices of the protein-rich food within reach in their own country during Ramzan.Tripura imports an average of 30 MT fish from Bangladesh every day that caters the demand of the domestic market here along with state's own production of about 48 MT of fish per day.Criticizing the stand of the Bangladesh Frozen Foods Exporters Association (BFFEA), the Tripura Fish Merchants' Association (FMA) claimed that such a long ban on the export of an essential food item like fish would hamper import-export between the northeastern states and Bangladesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15332717", "title": "Woman gifts her kidney to brother on Rakshabandhan", "text": "NEW DELHI: This Rakshabandhan, a woman gave her brother a priceless gift \u2014 life itself. Asha, 34, donated one of her kidneys to Sriniwas Thakur, 42, at the Asian Institute of Medical Sciences (AIMS), Faridabad, on Thursday.Thakur, a resident of Faridabad, had high blood pressure for a long time and the problem was recently diagnosed as kidney failure. When doctors advised a kidney transplant, Asha offered to donate hers, said doctors.\"Both recipient and donor are doing fine and are on the road to recovery. Asha gave her elder brother a new lease of life by donating her kidney, a vital organ,\" said Dr Jitender Kumar, one of the operating surgeons.Kidney transplantation means replacement of the failed kidneys of a patient with a working kidney from another person, called a donor. In India, the law lays down that only relatives can donate organs. Cadaver donation is allowed but is rare.Around 1.5 lakh Indians suffer from kidney failure every year, and their survival largely depends on a successful transplant. \"However, only 5,000 get a transplant due to lack of available organs,\" said an expert.\"While Spain has 35.1 organ donors per million, Britain 27, USA 26, Canada 14, and Australia 11, India has only 0.08 donors per million population,\" the expert added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15336755", "title": "Aapsu wants scout battalion interview in state", "text": "ITANAGAR: Welcoming the defence ministry's move to accord financial approval for raising the second Arunachal Scouts Battalion, the All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union (Aapsu) pressed that interviews for recruitment to the battalion be conducted within the state.\"The battalion has been raised specially for tribal people of Arunachal and, therefore, the recruitment rally should be conducted inside Arunachal territory. We also appeal to authorities to give advertisements in all local dailies so that local youth get information first.\" Aapsu president Takam Tatung said in a statement here on Thursday.Aapsu, while demanding that the state government establish either IRBn or Arunachal Scouts headquarters at Kathan under Lohit district, reasoned, \"Kathan area has become a centre of anti-social activities with underground elements and Chakma refugees using vast forest tracts to carry out criminal activities. Establishment of IRBn or Arunachal Scouts headquarters there is important from the security point of view.\"Meanwhile, the union urged the capital administration to provide fool-proof security during the forthcoming North East Cultural Festival scheduled from August 7 to 10 next at Rajiv Gandhi Stadium, Naharlagun. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15334028", "title": "Chandrapur bandh effect: Many fail to purchase gift for sister", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Bandh called by traders to oppose local body tax (LBT) imposed by Chandrapur Municipal Corporation ( CMC ) continued on second consecutive day on Thursday. Signs of desperation began to surface among the citizens as petrol pumps practically joined the bandh after selling off their stock. Due to the bandh many people failed to purchase gifts of liking for their sisters on Raksha Bandhan.Chandrapur Chamber of Commerce has called indefinite bandh on trading in town from Wednesday. Rakhi stalls and sweet shops have been given relaxation for couple of days from the bandh owing to festive days. Apart from this, all kind of trading has been stalled to protest LBT. The bandh was total on Thursday and people have begun to feel its heat in just two days.Desperate citizens queued up in long rows to fill petrol in their vehicles till late in the night on Wednesday as petrol pump dealers were set to join the bandh once their available stock was sold off. Nearly all petrol pumps ran out of their stocks by afternoon and stalled their services. Many people who travelled from far off places to Chandrapur for Raksha Bandhan were disheartened as they failed to purchase a gift of their liking of their sisters.Daily wage earners were worst sufferers. \"I work hard for whole day to earn bread for my family. As all grocery shops in the town are closed, we are managing the show by seeking small help from neighbours. But I don't know how long this will last,\" said Namdeo Telsare, a rickshaw puller.President of Chamber of Commerce, Harshwardhan Sanghvi said that traders will not relent unless their demand of revoking LBT in town is accepted. He said that they have demanded for at least five year's relaxation in LBT from the government.\"There will be no respite from the bandh at least until Saturday, when our delegation will meet Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan. If we don't get strong assurance on LBT, we might continue our strike. Rakhi and sweet shops will also join the bandh from Friday,\" Sanghvi said.ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15336701", "title": "Hunt for abducted masons in Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: Manipur Police has launched a widespread operation in Imphal valley to rescue two masons, who were abducted by rebels allegedly for a ransom.The victims, H Khambaton (30) and S Meiraba (40), who were engaged in a bridge construction at Phumlou village in Imphal West, were abducted by cadres of a faction of the Kangleipak Communist Party , Military Council (KCP-MC) about a week back, local sources said. The rebels allegedly demanded Rs 15 lakhs for the release of the duo, the sources added.\"We, along with police commandos, have been carrying out search operations at various places to rescue the two persons since the last few days,\" officer-in-charge (OC) of Lamsang police station told TOI on Thursday afternoon.On Wednesday, a team of Imphal West district police conducted operations with forty vehicles at several suspected spots in the district, he said, adding that they will continue the operation until the two are rescued safely.Meanwhile, city police have rounded up three vehicle lifters along with the stolen bikes. \"Acting on specific information that some miscreants were arranging to sell stolen vehicles, a team of city police managed to arrest two vehicle lifters with a scooter on July 23,\" OC of city police station RK Tejbir said.Based on the disclosure of the two-Y Niki (27) and M Roshan (25)-another thief namely S Telheiba (23) was also arrested the following day, the officer said.Two scooters and three motor cycles, which were hidden at different places by the lifters, were also seized, he said, adding that registration number of all the five stolen vehicles were found tempered.Advising the people to use additional locking system while parking their vehicles, specifically two wheelers in public places, the police officer said the stolen vehicles will be handed over to the respective owners after receiving specific proofs from them.The state is witnessing frequent cases of abduction of labourers and state government employees for the last few years, forcing the authorities to deploy armed security personnel to guard almost all offices and construction sites of major projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15339138", "title": "Vijay enthralls fans", "text": "Vijay recently organised a function for office bearers of his fan clubs. These clubs have been doing an excellent job in running Makkal Iyakkam, it is learnt.The actor, apart from gifting them with gold rings and chains, said that the fans were the pillars of his fan base. He praised them for doing excellent service to charity organisations.Apparently, the actor stressed the importance of family life at the function. He is reported to have said \"Family comes first and each fan should take care of their family and parents.\" He added, \"After that, one should think of doing good deeds for others.\" This speech impressed everyone among the audience and fans were mighty impressed with the actor. Currently, Vijay is completing work on Thuppaki with A R Murugadoss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "15336982", "title": "It is 3 birthdays in 2 days for Raj family", "text": "MODEL TOWN: Tanya and Manyas are three years apart in age, but their birthdays are just two days apart, as Manyas turned four on July 30 and his sister Tanya celebrated her first birthday on July 28. Giving company to Tanya, was her uncle Aman Raj, who turned 30 with her on July 28.The family celebrated the three birthdays together on July 30 when they went to the Krishna temple in Model Town in the morning. Manyas and Tanya's parents Romy Raj, 32, and Sarabhjeet Raj, 27, donated clothes for lord Khatushyam's idol and offered 'prasad' at the temple.The children were gifted a battery run motor cycle toy by paternal grandparents Kulwant Singh Raj, 58, and Meena Raj, 49. Their maternal grandmother Jaswinder Kaur, 55, who visited them on their birthday from BRS Nagar, got the kids a valuable gift in form of a study table, while they got a pair of badminton racquets from parents.The uncle, who was himself celebrating his 30th birthday, gifted the children a Playstation. Manyas and Tanya's uncle and aunt from Dugri Vinod and Priya brought a black board for them.The Raj family took the opportunity to add to celebration by moving to a new house in Dugri Phase II during the three birthdays in their family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15332618", "title": "Residents oppose Ramzan prayers, tension prevails", "text": "JALANDHAR: Tension prevailed in Gaazi Gulla area here on Thursday, with Hindu organizations and residents of the locality opposing prayers by Muslims during the month of Ramzan at Punjab Waqf Board land, where the community is also planning to build a small mosque.Those opposing the mosque and prayers have started a dharna outside the land where Namaaz was being held for the last few days. Heavy police force has been deployed in the area and senior officials are holding parleys with both sides.Pleas of Muslim leaders to let the prayers continue at least during Ramzan month, after which talks could be held afresh to reach a solution, did not cut ice as those opposing it refused to \"allow\" Namaaz even for once.Punjab Waqf Board member Mohd Afzal told TOI that they had erected a make shift structure with a tin roof where they were offering prayers in the night. \"We are planning to build a mosque after raising funds from the community,\" he said.\"We have even requested that we may be allowed to complete Ramzan prayers and afterwards we can take a relook at the issue for a fresh solution, but that has not been accepted by those opposing it,\" he said. 'We are in a minority here and we should not be treated like this,\" Afzal added.He said the Waqf Board land was given on lease to a person named Ghuman, who had sublet it. \"Ghuman had died and Waqf Board regularized the sub-letting by signing a lease directly with the tenants. As a compromise, a plot was earmarked for raising a mosque in the area as members of the Muslim community had felt that a mosque was needed,\" he said.Neelam Gogi, senior vice president of district Mahila Congress, who lost the recent election to MC, is leading the area residents and is the most vociferous opponent of the mosque. \"Come what may, we'll not allow it at any cost - neither the mosque nor prayers anymore,\" she said.Asked how they could stop when it was Waqf Board land, she asked as to where were these people all these years. \"It will be a wrong thing, if mosque comes up in a residential area,\" she held.Commissioner of police, Gaurav Yadav, said that they would maintain law and order at all costs and would not allow anybody to take law in their hands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15339276", "title": "Delhi\u2019s waiting to become India\u2019s cinematic hub", "text": "Till recently, the conversation about Delhi and films was restricted to the capital's growing visibility in Hindi films. However, a recent panel discussion, part of the ongoing Osian's Cinefan film festival in the city, showed that not just the location, but also the momentum, of filmmaking, might have shifted towards the capital.While other cities in North India and the Hindi belt are also increasingly providing stories and settings for films, a 'film hub' - a centre of filmmaking for films that might preferably, but not always, be set here - is what Delhi is being looked at, as perhaps an alternative of sorts to Mumbai. The discussion wasbetween Neville Tuli of Osian's, p ro d u c e r Suresh Jindal, filmmakers Shekhar Kapur and Imtiaz Ali and additional commissioner of police (licensing), Delhi, Madhup Tiwari, and was moderated by producer and filmmaker Ramesh Sharma - each with strong links to Delhi.A couple of the issues discussed, though inconclusively, were infrastructure and skilled local professionals; a few hilarious anecdotes about shooting in Delhi also emerged. The questions were mostly about whether it's possible to make films without having to move to Mumbai.Among the issues that came up was permissions and bribes, a gripe that's being heard more commonly among film crews coming to Delhi.Infrastructure And Ease Of Shooting All the filmmakers repeatedly emphasized that a good film comes from a good idea, and only a different or in-trend location like Delhi doesn't guarantee success. Once that was established, the discussion moved to the infrastructure, permissions and ease of shooting in Delhi. Imtiaz said, \"I've shot a lot in Delhi, but that doesn't mean I'll always shoot here. The reason I have, though, is because I know this place and have met interesting people here that have led to my characters and situations...\" Earlier, the discipline wasn't there - that you have to be ready at 8.45 for a 9am shoot, or people would leave their cameras once they'd finished and wander off. But that was both a good thing and a bad thing. Now, the ease of shooting without permission is going away.People are figuring out that you can make money (through bureaucratic 'permissions' etc). But there's also been the development of local people (like line producers) who can make that happen, whom I can give a list of locations to and who can handle that the permissions, etc. There is equipment and people to use it, but what affects it is stuff like hotel rates etc, and if that could be made easier, it would help.\"To that, Tiwari responded with, \"Earlier, permissions weren't a problem because there were fewer shootings, and in any case, people were happy to meet the stars if they were here and not worry crews about permissions. However, there are many more shootings now; locations like India Gate and Chandni Chowk are very popular, and therefore under pressure. Security issues at areas like these make permissions necessary. But from what I understand, permissions are easier in Delhi than they are in Mumbai! There, you have to get a nod from a different body if you have to shoot at the beach, for instance. But we are also open to the idea of singlewindow clearance and timebound delivery of licences and permissions, maybe within three-four days.\"Skilled Local Technicians Another point that was raised, by Jindal was that skilled local technicians have to be available and easily accessible to filmmakers for the city to become a film hub. \"Your writer, director, producer, actors can be from anywhere, it makes no difference. It's important for a film hub to have a strong pool of high-quality local technicians at every level, from costumes to makeup to lighting etc,\" he said.Co-Exist And Strengthen, Not Destroy Heritage Tuli was passionate about the co-existence, and not just the use, of heritage by films. \"The issue of whether Delhi can replace, complement or supplement Mumbai is there. However, everything is in conflict. India's greatest heritage is its monuments - an architectural legacy of 5,000 years. Filmmakers want to utilise these, they say there are problems with bureaucracy etc, but in a cultural hub, cinema should not overpower these. The infrastructure is already there, but cinema must co-exist with these,\" he said, recounting an incident where the shooting of a Govinda movie, and the weight of personnel and equipment, had damaged a heritage site. \"If filmmakers think ahead, and have their experience and their work shooting here curated, archived and made available to others who come after them, it would save us all a lot of time. Delhi's just waiting to become not just a cinematic hub, but also India's cultural hub,\" he stressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15333986", "title": "Govt institutions denied application receipt centres to benefit private engineering colleges?", "text": "NAGPUR: Though the Directorate of Technical Education (DTE) is mulling reappointment of government-run institutes as Application Receipt Centres (ARCs) in view of the fake marksheet/document scam related to engineering admissions, sources from DTE office claimed that their earlier removal was a well-planned conspiracy involving their own officials.According to them, until a couple of years ago, only government colleges including polytechnics were designated as ARCs. That ensured smooth conduct of entire admission process. However, those were suddenly dropped and private engineering colleges were roped in. These colleges allegedly took undue advantage of this situation and helped thousands of ineligible or failed students secure admission. Many of these private ARCs also misguided the students to reveal their passwords and Login ID and allegedly misused it to full up their own seats, as thousands of seats in Nagpur University's colleges were remaining vacant since last couple of years. Last year alone, over 7,000 seats were vacant and the number may cross 10,000 this year.Sources added DTE officials were hand-in-glove with private colleges and therefore provided ARCs to them with a view to increase their admission strength. They stated it was evident from the way joint director of technical education in Nagpur Gulabrao Thakre was not revealing names of remaining five colleges that were also issued notices along with those whose ARC status was cancelled. So far action was taken only against Nuva College, Anjuman College, Radhikatai Pandav and Tulsiram Gaikwad Patil Colleges.Though Thakre could not be contacted for comments, he on Tuesday cited \"confidentiality\" for not revealing names of five colleges. He insisted only \"minor discrepancies\" were found in those colleges. Sources raised the question as to how names of colleges accused of massive scam could be kept confidential and under what rules. \"How then names of four colleges were published,\" they asked adding that DTE was under tremendous pressure of politicians who run some of these colleges.It was only after this scam was unearthed by the city police that DTE officials now want to restore ARC status of government-run institutions to prevent recurrence of malpractices.Cops say DTE not cooperatingThe city police also accused DTE of non-cooperation further raising suspicion about the office's role in helping engineering colleges adopt unfair means for admissions. A senior police official revealed that DTE had refused to part with the documents collected from ARCs during raids conducted by both parties jointly on 23 centres. \"Due to this, we can't progress much. The officials don't even respond to our queries, despite the fact that we were part of the joint teams that conducted raids,\" he added. Joint director Gulabrao Thakre had told TOI on Tuesday that police hadn't contacted them regarding the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15332515", "title": "Bangalore Police making list of pubs, hotels", "text": "BANGALORE: Bangalore police, who have ordered installation of CCTV cameras, are preparing a list of bars, pubs, hotels and motels, a senior IPS officer informed TOI.\"Then we will check if these establishments have CCTV cameras on their premises. The second step will be to enforce installation of CCTV cameras.\"SN Sidramappa, DCP (west) said up to 80% of the groundwork has been completed in his division. \"Our checks on establishments in the city, especially lodges, have been an eye-opener. When I visited a lodge, I saw that some of the people coming there were not even asked for their credentials. So this drive is important.\"Police want at least two cameras installed: One at the entrance of the establishment, and another in the lobby.\"This is going to be of great advantage to us in keeping track of anti-social elements. However, we are in the early stages and have a lot of work ahead of us,\" said the IPS officer.The CCTV camera rule will first come in force in areas under the North, West and South police divisions.The areas under these divisions include Upparpet, Jayanagar, Basavanagudi, JP Nagar, Banashankari, Kumaraswamy Layout, Kalasipalyam, Malleswaram, Rajajinagar, Sadashivanagar, Vijayanagar, Kengeri, Basaveshwara Nagar, Yeshwantpur, Jalahalli and RT Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15338168", "title": "Courier boy brings back missing Sudarshan", "text": "MYSORE: Presence of mind exhibited by a homemaker Hemavathy and his son Ashok culminated in happy ending of former RSS chief K S Sudarshan's missing saga in the city on Friday.Former Sarsangachalak who walked out of his brothers house from posh Century park ( guarded property) for a morning walk went missing and reached a Masjid in Naidunagar(Kesare area ) of the city abutting Hemavathy's house . As he was tired , he sought for a glass of water from Ashok a courier employee who came out of his house to get ironed his dresses. Seeing an elderly man seeking water he asked him to come inside before offering a glass of water.\" Sust hogaya hai Pinekeliya toda pani chaiye\" ( tired want some water to drink\") Sudarshan told me and as he is old I asked him to come inside and sit\", Ashok told TOI narrating his sweet moments of encounter with Sudarshan oblivious of the fact that he is former Sarsangha chalak .Sudarashan after couple of minutes told the youth that he has forgotten his house route which is situated near a mall and he does not remember even telephone number of his residence.Ashok said though his mother offered him breakfast , he refused saying that he will not take any thing without having bath , \" but we made him to drink buttermilk and asked him to sleep\".Only at 10.45 am when his mother seeing Sudarshan's picture being flashed on a Kannada television channel, she told his son to report the matter to police station which Ashok did promptly to make a happy ending to the incident at around 12 noon.City police commissioner K L Sudhir who reached Ashok's house brought back Sudarshan in his care to his brother's house where score of RSS and BJP leaders were waiting anxiously to welcome back the RSS ideologue who hails from Kuppalli a village in neighboring Mandya district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15333840", "title": "Silt from Sonegaon lake chokes nullah", "text": "NAGPUR: Over last several months, Nagpur Municipal Corporation blindly allowed the private contractor entrusted with desilting Sonegaon lake to dump huge mount of silt along Swawlambi Nagar nullah. As expected, it choked the nullah and increased water logging during the incessant rains in last one week. Many areas and roads were submerged in rain water.The civic body has now assigned another contractor to clear the nullah. A more criminal waste of public funds is difficult to imagine. As part of Rs 3.24 crore Sonegaon lake rejuvenation and beautification project, NMC started de-silting work last year. When local residents saw the silt from lake being dumped near nullah, they had pointed out it would result in nullah getting blocked. They had also said that with encroachments around Sonegaon lake, every monsoon they already faced a flood-like situation. This went unheeded by the officials and they continued the work.The infuriated residents claim all this is officials' ploy to benefit the contractor for obvious reasons. \"If they had disposed of the silt at proper place initially, this situation would not have arisen. They deliberately did not do so in order to create another work for contractors,\" alleged Sonegaon resident Harish Naidu. The local residents are also facing severe hardships.\"The road is now completely blocked with sewage water and that affects flow of traffic. It is impossible to travel by two-wheeler in that area. Moreover, children of our locality are unable to play due to all the mess,\" complained Naidu.Swawlambi Nagar resident Dr Shrikant Paranjape also condemned the NMC. \"It was so obvious that the nullah would get choked by the dumped mud, still the civic body went ahead. Now they are wasting huge amount to get rid of it,\" he said. \"The water logging has resulted in breeding of mosquitoes. Also, the water is polluted which further is matter of concern for our health,\" he said.Corporator of the ward Praful Gudadhe too expressed concern. He pointed out that the contractor de-silting the Sonegaon lake had been asked to dump mud on the open land reserved for London Street project. Instead, he dumped the mud nearby to save money. However, Laxmi Nagar zone officials and JNNURM project officials should have taken cognizance of this, he added.Laxmi Nagar zone's assistant municipal commissioner Subhashchandra Jaidev said he would look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15334655", "title": "Corpn team visits Mumbai to study white-topped roads", "text": "CHENNAI: With the Chennai Corporation planning to concretise roads in the city,the civic body recently sent a team of officials to Mumbai to study how to build white-topped roads. Sourcessaid a six-member team checkedout concrete roads in areas like Nariman Point, Chembur and Worlifor threedays.Asenior corporation official, who was part of the team to Mumbai,said : \"We have visited some of the concrete roads in Mumbai along with officials from the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation. We will submit a report soon.\" Nearly 25% of Mumbai's road network is being concretized. \"Most of the concrete roads in Mumbai were very good,\" said another delegation member.Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan said, \"We will come up with a comprehensive plan before white-topping the roads. After the roads are laid, they will not be dug up.\" \"We do not have many white-topped roads. So we wanted to get some expert opinion before beginning the work, especially for laying of essential underground utilities in coordination with TNEB, Metrowater and others,\" said a civic official. The Chennai Corporation has recently identified 1,084 interior road sex tending up to 181km to be relaid with concrete cement at an estimated costof 90 crore.Officials said the tenders would be finalized by the second week of August. They have conducted a test of white-top technology on 700m of Velachery Main Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15337790", "title": "\u2018Spray-on skin\u2019 helps heal leg ulcers faster", "text": "A \"spray-on skin\" which coats an injury with a layer of skin cells could help healing, a new study has revealed.The study carried out by US and Canadian researchers, tested the spray on 228 people with leg ulcers, which are painful open wounds that can last for months.The findings showed that ulcers treated with the spray were more likely to heal faster.Experts said faster healing could help people save money despite the cost of the spray.Leg ulcers are hard to treat. The best treatment, compression bandages, generally heals only about 70 percent of ulcers after six months. Other options include taking skin from some other part of the body and grafting it over the wound.The spray on the other hand, puts a coating of donated skin cells and blood-clotting proteins over the ulcer.In the study, patients who were given the spray-on-skin every 14 days showed maximum improvement.The researchers said that the size of the wound \"began to decrease rapidly\" as soon as the treatment started. In the patients who used the spray, 70 per cent were healed after three months compared with 46 per cent who received other treatment.\"The treatment we tested in this study has the potential to vastly improve recovery times and overall recovery from leg ulcers, without the need for a skin graft,\" the BBC quoted one of the scientists involved, Dr Herbert Slade, as saying.\"This means not only that the patient doesn't acquire a new wound where the graft is taken from, but also that the spray-on solution can be available as soon as required - skin grafts take a certain amount of time to prepare, which exposes the patient to further discomfort and risk of infection,\" he said.The study was undertaken mainly to test the safety of the spray and the best dose to use, further studies will decide if it is a practical treatment for leg ulcers.Leg ulcers are generally caused by high blood pressure in the veins of the legs, which damages the skin, causing it to break down and turn into an open wound.\"A dressing or other application may have a positive effect on the wound for a period of time but ultimately if the underlying condition is not managed the leg will break down again,\" Irene Anderson, a lecturer in leg ulcer theory at the University of Hertfordshire, said.\"We do know that leg ulcers are becoming increasingly complex and when using the range of treatments available there needs to be clear evidence that there will be a beneficial effect to ensure cost effectiveness and to make sure that patients are not given false expectations of a cure,\" she added.The study was recently published in the Lancet .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "director", "code": "15338455", "title": "Shuttlecock Boys: Movie Review", "text": "Director: Hemant Gaba Cast: Aakar Kaushik, Manish Nawani, Vijay Prateek, Alok KumarDon't be deceived by the atypical title. Shuttlecock Boys is not a film where a bunch of boys aspire to excel in the sport of badminton. Neither is there any double entendre in the title, just in case you tend to think likewise. Moreover despite a chaste English name, the film is purely desi in speech and spirit.So then what's the film about? It's about four buddies who bond over badminton every evening. But when they realize their days are passing by aimlessly and they lack a definite destination, they decide to do something. And there initiates the idea of coming up with a catering service to cater to the office crowd in Delhi.So Manav (Aakar Kaushik) comes forth as the cook, Pankaj (Alok Kumar) handles the accounts, Loveleen (Manish Nawani) works on pitching to companies and Gaurav (Vijay Prateek) largely administers the endeavour. What starts on experimental basis meets with success, which inspires them to go big. But there are hurdles in the path - financial, logistical, technical and personal.Where the film inherently connects with an average audience is the fact that it explores the entrepreneurship idea that every other individual has in youth. Often one comes across people who discuss about business models in this age - some simply talk about it, some contemplate and a handful actually works towards it. The Shuttlecock Boys fall in the last category. Debutante writer-director Hemant Gaba tries to tap on this phase at the edge of adolescence, where one gains a sense of responsibility towards life. The turmoil where an individual wants to leave behind his frivolousness and march towards maturity works as the movie's mainstay.The central characters are quickly introduced and the film gets to the point pretty fast. Thereafter the screenplay runs as steadily as the boys work towards realizing their dreams. One does feel though that the catering commerce crosses their mind rather abruptly without any background or buildup. Also the individual issue that each one faces never works as a strong deterrent towards their common dream and thereby doesn't develop into a sturdy character conflict. While this keeps the tone of the film lighthearted, it also somewhere dilutes their struggle.The bonding between the boys is very real; unlike sugar-coated friendships that's characteristic of most films. There's certain rawness in the temperament and treatment of the overall film but the simplicity works to its merit.The performances by the four leads are quite natural. Aakar Kaushik is impressive and Manish Nawani puts a confident act. Vijay Prateek is good but has a constant smirk on his face, irrespective of the situation. Alok Kumar suits his character.Shuttlecock Boys has its heart in the right place. This heartwarming tale makes for a decent watch.Verdict: Good", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15333352", "title": "CPM MLAs Kodiyeri and Jayarajan enjoy sukha chikitsa", "text": "COIMBATORE: The day Kerala faced the brunt of CPM's massed aggression, two top comrades checked in at an ayurveda centre here for sukha chikitsa (rejuvenation therapy).Kodiyeri Balakrishnan and E P Jayarajan, MLAs, were admitted to the treatment centre of Arya Vaidya Pharmacy (Coimbatore) at Ramanathapuram in the city for a three-week therapy.According to K G Raveendran, medical director of the pharmacy, the therapy will take care of the two leaders' wellness. \"We will at first do an overall health check-up. The course of treatment will be decided in two days. The procedures for sukha chikitsa will begin only from Saturday,'' said Raveendran, whose VIP patients include former Pakistan president General Pervez Musharraf and K R Narayanan.Though it's a first for Kodiyeri, Jayarajan has experienced the magical effect of Ayurveda in many karkidakams (the monsoon season). He was first treated here when he was shot at by two men on a moving train in 1996.The leaders were unavailable for comment as the hospital staff is under instruction not to disturb their privacy. The internationally-known ayurveda centre established by P R Krishnakumar seems to be a favourite destination for CPM leaders to rejuvenate themselves.Former CPM Kannur district secretary P Sasi and Ernakulam secretary Gopi Kottamurikkal were treated here. Incidentally, both these leaders were ousted from the party recently following allegations of sexual misconduct. Coimbatore: The day Kerala faced the brunt of CPM's power politics, two top comrades checked in at an ayurveda centre here for sukha chikitsa (rejuvenation therapy).Kodiyeri Balakrishnan and E P Jayarajan, MLAs, were admitted to the treatment centre of Arya Vaidya Pharmacy (Coimbatore) at Ramanathapuram in the city for a three-week therapy.According to K G Raveendran, medical director of the pharmacy, the therapy will take care of their wellness.\"We will at first do an overall health check-up. The course of treatment will be decided in two days. The procedures for sukha chikitsa will begin only from Saturday,'' said Raveendran, whose VIP patients include former Pakistan president General Parvesh Musharraf and K R Narayanan.Though it's a first for Kodiyeri, Jayarajan has experienced the magical effect of Ayurveda in many Karkidakams. He was first treated here when he was shot at by two men on a moving train 1996. The leaders were unavailable for comment as the hospital staff is under instruction not to disturb their privacy.Theinternationally-knownayurveda centre established by P R Krishnakumar seems to be a favourite destination for CPM leaders to rejuvenate themselves. Former CPM Kannur district secretary P Sasi and Ernakulam secretary Gopi Kottamurikkal were treated here. Incidentally, both the leaders were ousted from the party following allegations of sexual misconduct.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15332464", "title": "Cash-for-bail: Gali's brother continues to evade Anti-Corruption Bureau", "text": "HYDERABAD: Cash-for-bail scam accused and Karnataka MLA Gali Somasekhar Reddy seems to be playing a cat and mouse game with the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths. Fearing that the ruling Karnataka government might not cooperate in his arrest, ACB sleuths are trying to nab the fugitive MLA on their own, but so far Somasekhar Reddy has been successfully evading the police dragnet.Among the eight accused in the cash-for-bail scam, Bellary (Urban) MLA Somasekhar Reddy is the only one yet to be arrested. In the third week of July, ACB had issued summons to both Somasekhar Reddy and Kampli MLA T H Suresh Babu to appear before the investigating officer. However, instead of appearing before the ACB, the MLAs moved anticipatory bail petitions before ACB court on July 26.Subsequently, Suresh Babu was arrested by the ACB sleuths four days later when he landed in the city to meet an advocate at Ashok Nagar. The Kampli MLA was produced before court and remanded in judicial custody.A couple of days before Suresh Babu's arrest, Somasekhar Reddy reportedly attended a mass marriage event in Bellary town. Though the ACB's special team had knowledge about the MLA's presence at the event, fearing violent resistance from supporters, they chose not to nab him there. It is learnt that Somasekhar Reddy spent just five minutes at the event and then sneaked out of the venue in a randomvehicle brought there by one of his assistants.After Suresh Babu's arrest, Somasekhar Reddy became suspicious that ACB was tracking his every movement and went underground. ACB sources revealed that to avoid being tracked, the MLA even stopped using a cellphone and he even abandoned his gunmen.\"We have learnt that Somasekhar Reddy is making a few emergency calls from phones of some random people and immediately moving away from that location. He is not even attending the Assembly,\" an ACB source said.To avoid their plans being leaked to the MLA, ACB teams have been working entirely on their own in Karnataka leading to the delay in zeroing in on the Bellary (Urban) legislator.Meanwhile, Somasekhar Reddy's anticipatory bail was rejected by court on Thursday and police have specific information that the MLA was planning to surrender before court. However, ACB sleuths said that they would arrest the MLA before he reaches anywhere near the court. A 'look out' circular has already been issued against the MLA, preventing him from leaving the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15332616", "title": "Nights time for debate, bonding", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's 11pm on a weekday, and the crowd has shuffled out. Only a thousand-odd people remain at Jantar Mantar, and they plan to spend the night there. But at night, Jantar Mantar transforms itself. It becomes more than merely a site of protest. Stories from different parts of the country are exchanged. Families stick around, and in the absence of the crowd, they try to get a glimpse of Anna Hazare behind the stage. Children roam around freely at the site, students discuss politics while others drift off to sleep.Many remember each-other from previous fasts. \"It's important that we bring our children to Jantar Mantar. They need to experience what is happening first hand. There are others like us who have brought their families with them and through these fasts, we have all become friends,\" said Rashi Gupta, a resident of Daryaganj. Rashi had come with her husband Anish and their 4-year-old son, Armaan.Political discussions help pass the time. \"At night, it's not the people on stage but we who do the talking and discussing. Only through these discussions can the ideas spread,\" said Aseem Trivedi, a cartoonist.People gather near the stage to catch a glimpse of the sleeping Team Anna members. Many leave messages on the stage for the leaders. One for Kejriwal, kept early Thursday morning, begged him to join politics. A few hours later, Team Anna announced their intention to join the political system. \"People stay back because they enjoy the experience. People from different states get together and exchange stories of corruption from their own home towns,\" said Arvind Gaur, a Team Anna member.\"I had not realized that the problem of land acquisition was not limited to Uttar Pradesh. I have met people from Orissa who have faced the same problem. We know corruption is widespread, but not its extent,\" said Arvind Verma from Meerut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15336222", "title": "Shruti Hassan endorses a saree brand", "text": "Shruti Hassan replaces Deepika Padukone as the new brand ambassador for one of state's leading saree brand Kalanjali. Shruti has been roped in by the brand as a replacement to Bollywood starlet Deepika Padukone who has been endorsing the brand for the past few years.Shruti Hassan is already endorsing an ice cream and home appliance brand and this would be the third commercial. After making a mark for herself in the blockbuster film Gabbar Singh, Shruti Hassan is only seeing great heights in her career. The sizzling beauty has not only been flooded with film offers, but is also becoming a favorite amongst the corporate brands.Shruti has already signed couple of films - Ravi Teja's Balupu and a Bollywood film to be directed by Prabhu Deva, a remake of Nuvvostanante Nenoddantana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15333413", "title": "3 held, fake currency of 5.99L face value seized", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three more people have been arrested for circulating fake currency notes in the city. The crime branch has also seized notes of the face value of over Rs 5.99 lakh.The three men have been identified as Abrar (40), Firoz Saifi (26) and Farukh (25). Abrar and Saifi are from Loni while Farukh, their handler, is from Sambal in UP.\"We learnt on July 16 about the circulation of large quantity of fake Indian currency notes of very fine quality by a gang headed by Farukh and Abrar. We also learnt that two of the gang members would come to Alipur Road near Mukkarba Chowk. Our decoy customer struck a deal after which Saifi and Abrar were nabbed and notes of face value Rs 1.9 lakh seized. Farukh is a tailor by profession and has worked for sometime in Seelampur area. About six months ago, he came in contact with one Bashir who lured him into smuggling. Bashir roped in Abrar and Firoz too,\" said Sanjay Jain, DCP (crime).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332894", "title": "Mumbai to host world medical students' meet", "text": "MUMBAI: Road safety, mental health and equal access to healthcare facilities will be some of the important issues that will be discussed at the general assembly of the International Federation of Medical Students' Association, to be held in Mumbai.The proposals discussed will be forwarded to the World Health Organization (WHO).The Medical Students Association of India joined the international federation just a year ago and for the first time, the assembly will be held in India or even in south Asia.Abhijeet Sharma, vice-president of the association, said suggestions mooted at the assembly will be handed over to the WHO. The assembly will be attended by more than 1,000 delegates from 114 countries. The federation is organizing a workshop, where participants from 20 countries will visit slums in the city on August 7.Pratap Naidu, the association's president, said, \"Nine policies have been shortlisted for discussions. Discrimination against disabled, disasters and emergencies, tobacco control also are among the policies to be discussed.\"The federation is organizing a pre-general assembly workshop, where participants from 20 countries will visit slums in the city on August 7 and prepare a report.The association is currently working with an NGO to build at least five e-toilets in government schools in every state. The initiative was taken up to tackle the problems of drop outs among girl students in schools.Pratap Naidu, the association's president, also a medical student, said, \"Nine policies have been shortlisted for discussions.for the general assembly Discrimination against disabled, disasters and emergencies, tobacco control also are among the policies to be discussed.\" The IFMSA will be asking for: 2011-2020 as the Decade of Action for Road Safety in order to heighten the awareness of the growing road injury epidemic, especially in developing nations.The federation is organizing a pre-general assembly workshop, where participants from 20 countries will visit slums in the city on August 7 and prepare a report.The association is currently working with an NGO to build at least five e-toilets in government schools in every state. The initiative was taken up to tackle the problems of drop outs among girl students in schools. The association has taken up the project as part of their corporate social responsibility (CSR) activities. The association is also tying up with the Indian Medical Association, as their students' wing and try to bring about the change required in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15334308", "title": "Yakubu's back, this time with Mumbai FC", "text": "Mumbai: After enduring a nightmarish season where they escaped relegation by the skin of their teeth to finish a lowly 11th on the I-League table, Mumbai FC have fallen back on experience to make sure there's no encore by signing seasoned Ghanaian striker Yusif Yakubu.The 35-year-old, who last played with Mahindra United for three seasons, will be joined by striker ND Opara and defender Evans Quao to complete the foreign signings. Coach Khalid Jamil has done away with last season's trio of Ebi Sukore, Kingsley Chioma and Gbeneme Friday - none of who were effective in the club's dismal campaign.Yakubu left Mahindra for East Bengal in 2007 before short stints with Salgaocar and Prayag United only to return to playing football in Mumbai. A calm yet imposing presence on the pitch, Yakubu makes up for in skill what he lacks in pace and Jamil could well do with some stability if Mumbai FC are to avoid anxious relegation-related moments.What bodes well for Jamil is the fact that none of the three signings are new to football in Mumbai. While Yakubu has spent three seasons in the city, Opara too began his Indian stint with a season at Air India before switching to ONGC and finally turning out for Churchill Brothers.For Quao, it's more of a homecoming as he played under Jamil a couple of seasons ago, impressing with his workrate and attacking instincts.\"The three signings are just what we needed. They have the right amount of experience and I couldn't have asked for more,\" said Jamil.\"Yakubu has always shown what difference he makes to a team and his presence will be important. The key is to use his experience as much as we can this season,\" added Jamil, who will finalize his squad in the coming week.Opara and Quao arrived in the city on Thursday and Yakubu is expected to join in a month's time. \"We've begun training and should soon start playing friendlies once the squad is in place,\" said Jamil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15331983", "title": "\u2018Overload on Agra-Bina line led to blackout\u2019", "text": "LUCKNOW: It's official now. A heavy power flow on Agra-Gwalior-Bina transmission line was behind back-to-back collapse of the northern grid on July 30 and 31. On the second day, the eastern and north-eastern grids gave way, too, plunging more than 20 states into darkness.The National Load Dispatch Centre (NLDC), in its latest report released on August 1, said that in both the disturbances there was heavy power flow on a single line of the 400kv Bina-Gwalior-Agra circuit section. The report says that the total load on this single line was 1,000mw while its maximum capacity is just 691mw. The stretch has a few more lines but they were under outages for upgradation, therefore this line had to bear the entire enhanced load. Likewise, loading on many circuits in the eastern region was also around 550mw as against a load bearing capacity of 515mw, the report said.It also revealed that almost a similar situation had come to the fore at 3.10pm on July 29 as well on the same line. Had it made an impact, the region would have gone powerless for three consecutive days. In fact, there were reports of heavy load on the transmission lines even on Wednesday with this single line bearing a load of nearly 800mw. But faced with an embarrassing situation for the two consecutive days, the load was subsequently reduced.The NLDC report, too, has come to embarrass the UP government, which has been claiming of not resorting to overdrawal from the central pool. In fact, the Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited has been maintaining that at the time of grid tripping, the state was drawing just 40mw above its allocated quota. The claim was contrary to the report of Power System Operation Corporation Limited, which showed that as against a scheduled quota of 2,500mw, UP was withdrawing around 4,000mw, when the grid tripped.The centre has decided to impose congestion charges in future as per the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission, in case the inter-regional links were found to be beyond the set limits. The NLDC has decided to curtail the short-term open access system in which power from one source is wheeled into another as per the requirement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15334565", "title": "Govt probe over recruitments agitates Oppn", "text": "The government's investigations into the irregularities concerning recent recruitments to government departments and the possibility of large number of Goan youth losing their jobs agitated the opposition benches on Thursday. Although chief minister Manohar Parrikar , who is also the minister for personnel, repeatedly spoke of \"massive irregularities\" committed by the previous Congress government \"for the purpose of elections,\" he agreed to exercise restraint in the purge. Parrikar even asked MLAs to bring to his notice specific cases for review. Parrikar cited a few examples of how irregularities had been committed. These include issue of appointment letters where no job applications existed; one government officer had signed offer letters when he was actually away in Jaipur; 46-year-old job applicants had forged their birth certificates by reducing age by six years to get jobs and in one particular department, nine different posts were given to candidates from one constituency.'Comprehensive' solution for municipality woes: Urban development minister Francis D'Souza on Thursday assured to work out a \"comprehensive solution\" to the problem of Goan municipalities lacking staff or being unable to pay salaries to their staff on time. The issue came into focus in two starred questions by Vasco and Bicholim MLAs, Carlos Almeida and Naresh Sawal respectively. For example, Almeida wanted to know how some councils had not been able to utilize the funds allotted them. D'Souza replied that many councils do not have enough staff in the engineering department. Many other councils have chief officers holding additional charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15333185", "title": "India Against Corruption: Political colour may dilute movement, feel Anna supporters in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: Amid reports that Team Anna has sought the opinion of people on whether they should join politics in their crusade against corruption, many members of the Jaipur unit of India Against Corruption apprehend that such a move could dilute the movement.They argued that launching a political forum would be too hasty and instead the team should consolidate the movement.On Thursday, Team Anna has given a cellphone number to people to send their views and suggestions on whether they can have a political party. Anna Hazare from Jantar Mantar too expressed the opinion that there was nothing wrong in forming a political party.Terming it a dilution of the ongoing movement and momentum against corruption, Yogesh Bachchani, a volunteer of IAC, said thousands of people are associated with the movement mainly because Anna Hazare is a man of integrity. \"If Team Anna goes for formation of a political party, it will not be an easy task. Rather it would dampen the spirits of millions of people who are supporting the crusade against corruption. It needs at least seven years to mobilize people and find men of character and integrity who could be the faces of the political party,\" said Bachchani, an educational consultant.\"As a common man, I believe that if Anna had to create a political party he could have done it in Maharashtra long back,\" said Kashyap Sharma, an ardent Anna supporter, who works with an automobile dealer.Many were of the view that if ever Team Anna has to look for a political forum, it should not be done in a haste.\"Anna Hazare has fought many battles and won them in his village and he always remained apolitical. I think it will take years to launch a strong political party. If Team Anna wants to send its members to the Parliament to have a say, it would take years to do so,\" said Trilok Singh, a retired government employee who is supporting Anna's movement.Many opined that they were with the one man army -- Anna Hazare -- not with the Team Anna. \"It is because of him every Indian is raising her or voice against corruption,\" said Singh.Meanwhile, Prashant, a volunteer of India Against Corruption, who was observing an indefinite fast and broke it on Thursday said: \"We are with people who are advocating a strong system in this country and if Team Anna is looking for political option, there is nothing wrong in that, provided they should take the decision after proper deliberations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15336060", "title": "MST concessions for student, elderly bus passengers", "text": "KANPUR: In order to attract students and elderly passengers to avail bus facilities, the roadway authorities have decided to introduce special concessions in monthly season tickets (MST) scheme. The special MST facility for the students and elderly will be introduced this month and passengers can avail it on getting the passes.The passes can be obtained from Fazalganj, Vikas Naga, Chunniganj, Major Salman bus stop and Rawatpur bus stop. The elderly people who want to get the MST pass have to submit age certificate. The students have to submit the school identity card or residential address. The timings for allotment of MST are from 10 am to 4 pm.\"The students of high school will get the concession of 46% in the regular MST charges while the intermediate students will get the relaxation of 40%. The elderly people will get the rebate of 11% in MST passes,\" roadways assistant general manager R B Vishawakarma said. The regular MST charges for general class is Rs 648 applicable on all the routes.\"After the relaxation, the MST for students of class 10 will be Rs 324. The cost for all routes for students of intermediate and elderly people is Rs 360 and 612,\" Vishawakarma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "jaipur/ajmer", "code": "15333016", "title": "Six injured in mine collapse in Makrana", "text": "JAIPUR/AJMER: Six workers were injured during illegal mining at a mine which was purportedly closed six months ago at Makrana in Nagaur district late on Wednesday. The incident occurred at mine no. 135 at Gunwati range.According to sources, though the mine was closed six months ago, the contractor started working again at the spot as there were still some marbles left.Three of the injured -- Hukma Ram, Dhachi Ram and Sita Ram -- were admitted to Makrana government hospital while three others who sustained serious injuries were shifted to JLN hospital in Ajmer on Thursday. They are Sachdev, Bharatlal and Sohanlal.\"Contractor Roop Singh and his labourers came to the spot and start digging again. Just after an hour, when labourers were inside the mine, the upper layers of it collapsed,\" said a police officer.The police, who rushed to the spot, took out all the six who were trapped inside. A case has been registered against the contractor. \"The mine was closed but Roop Singh again started digging there which was illegal. We have registered a case against him,\" said Har Sahay Meena, DySP.\"Mining within 45 metres of road and railway tracks is prohibited. But all such rules have been flouted here. It was only in April that the high court had slapped a fine of Rs 50 crore on Sangemarmar Khan Vikas Samiti, the association of marble miners of Makrana for disobeying the rules,\" said an official.In the same order, the high court had once again directed the government to stop all mining activities within 45 metres of any road and railway tracks in the state with immediate effect.\"The mine where the incident took place on Wednesday night was among those where mining should have stopped. While the adjacent mine has ceased all its operations, here the mine owner was operating at night due to his greed to extract whatever he can,\" said Rana Sengupta of the Mine Labour Protection Campaign (MLPC).Sengupta also pointed out that the mandatory mines foreman or mines operator was not present during that time. A mines foreman is one entrusted to lookafter the safety of workers in the mines and is to be appointed by the mine owner himself. The presence of such a person is mandatory as per rules of the Director General of Mines Safety (DGMS).\"We were informed of the accident through our accident helpline number 9772222444 which we recently started for mine workers in Rajasthan. We then intimated the same to the DGMS, labour officer, the district commissioner and the director of mines and geology,\" Sengupta said.Despite a high court notice on the closure of some of the mines operating in Makrana, mining continues unabated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15332235", "title": "Festival bonus burden on govt", "text": "KOLKATA: State government employees have more than one reason to rejoice this festive season. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Thursday announced a festive bonus of Rs 2,500 for each employee, plus a 7% dearness allowance that will come into effect from January 2013.She also promised that the pending arrears of a pay commission revision will be cleared soon.This largesse will come at a steep price for the cash-strapped government. The Durga Puja and Eid bonus will add up to Rs 450 crore and the arrears will amount to another Rs 500 crore - a burden of Rs 950 crore in all.The festive bonus will be a flat payment of Rs 2,500 for those who get Rs 22,000 basic and grade pay. It has been increased from last year's Rs 2,200. To add to it, more employees are eligible for the payout this time because last year only those in the pay band of Rs 20,000 were chosen for it.Those who want the bonus for Eid will get it before the Ramzan month is over. And those who want it for Durga Puja would get it with September's salary, say sources.The government did not mention the number of employees eligible for the bonus, but the payment is usually given to 9.5 lakh state employees and teachers and another 4.5 lakh pensioners. The pensioners will get Rs 900, which too has been raised from Rs 800 last year.The arrears will vary from Rs 7,000 for Group D employees to Rs 15,000 for Group A employees.The chief minister said: \"We are going through a financial crunch, but our employees are our assets. They have families and need the festival payment. So we have decided to sanction it despite our fiscal condition.\"Employees' associations, however, were not particularly overjoyed. Moloy Mukhopadhyay of the Intuc-leaning Confederation of State Government Employees pointed out that the arrears were being paid in three installments. \"Of this, two installments were cleared in September 2009 and 2010 by the former Left Front government. A portion of the remaining arrears was paid by the present government last year. What the government promises to pay now is the remainder,\" he said.Employees also have a grouse on the pending DA. \"If the government pays 7% DA in January, then there will still be five installments pending,\" said Mukhopadhyay.When finance minister Amit Mitra was asked how the government would bear the additional Rs 950 crore, he said: \"The state has been doing better in revenue collection. We are trying to improve the situation with increased tax earnings.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15332385", "title": "Trail of fake murder and robbery cases stuns cops", "text": "KOLKATA: Kolkata police have detected a shocking trend of false complaints \u2014 even fake murder cases \u2014 since they took control of the city fringes from Bengal police exactly a year ago. The overwhelming number of such cases indicates it's not a recent phenomenon and that the state police either failed to identify them as fake ones or, worse still, glossed over them.Detectives pursuing cold cases were surprised to find that 80% of robbery complaints were false and eight murder cases turned out to be suicides. In most of the cases, the complainants wanted to wrest some money, settle scores or make insurance claims. And all of them were educated middle-class people. In the past three months, Kolkata Police have prosecuted seven people for lodging false complaints. The common link in all these cases is that they took place in areas that were under the jurisdiction of Bengal police till September 1, when the city cops took over.This June, there were 10 cases of robbery, of which eight turned out to be false. The same month, eight of 18 cases of unnatural death were confirmed to be suicides in the autopsy report but police had started murder cases on the basis of complaints by the victims' kin. \"This is a disturbing trend for us. A lot of our resources are being wasted in probing false complaints. We could have used these resources to probe a genuine case instead,\" said Pallab Kanti Ghosh, joint commissioner of police (crime).Senior police officers say they are not sure what is spurring such false complaints. \"The common link is that these places were recently put under Kolkata Police jurisdiction. The difference between Kolkata Police and their state counterparts is of manpower and resources. The city police convert any letter of complaint into an FIR. In case of heinous crimes, the detective department starts an investigation immediately. Kolkata Police's resources enable them to pursue each case doggedly and take it to its conclusion. Unfortunately, this is not possible for the resource-starved state police. So even if such false cases were lodged earlier, it never would have been known. Now, since police are pursuing every case, this disturbing trend is becoming evident,\" an assistant commissioner with the detective department told TOI.Self-inflicted injuries for fake complaintsThe ACP referred to the death of a 14-year-old schoolboy in August 2009. The Bengal police's preliminary investigation indicated suicide. The autopsy report said the same. A month later, police were about to file their final report in court, when the victim's father filed a complaint of murder. The investigating officer (IO) had his doubts and tagged the complaint with the case diary instead of registering a fresh murder case. For some reason, the father never pursued the complaint. When Kolkata Police started rummaging through unsolved cases, they found this file and immediately started a murder case with court consent. Detectives had the same doubts as the IO but decided to follow through with an investigation. They questioned the victim's father, who eventually broke down and confessed that he had filed a murder complaint to claim the Rs 5 lakh insurance.An officer of the detective department's motor theft section recalled another such fake insurance claim. \"We recently cracked a case where a person sold his car in Uttar Pradesh and complained to us that it had been stolen so that he could claim insurance.\"To make a false complaint appear genuine, complainants have often injured themselves but policemen are trained to identify self-inflicted injuries, said the officer. If forensic experts corroborate this, police can prosecute the complainant. \"In the city proper, we find fewer false complaints because we have succeeded in prosecuting such people under Section 211 IPC,\" said A B Majumdar, ACP (investigation).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15335080", "title": "Rohini sex racket busted, 2 pimps held", "text": "NEW DELHI: A sex racket being run from Sector 25, Rohini, was busted with the arrest of two pimps and six women.The women, reportedly in the age group of 20-22 , used to charge their clients anywhere between Rs 5,000-8 ,000 for one hour, said police sources.The pimps had earlier been arrested from Saket in south Delhi and Geeta Colony in east Delhi for allegedly running sex rackets there.\"They had been running sex rackets for the past seven years,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15336553", "title": "Interstate gang of thieves busted in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: Police on Thursday arrested five members of an interstate gang of robbers and two other persons planning to rob petrol pump robbery under Jaridih police station of the district. The police recovered a pistol, two country-made pistols, two country-made bombs, several live cartridges, cell phones, a motorcycle and some documents from them.Among those arrested, gang leader Naseer alias Naushad Ansari is wanted in more than 30 cases mainly related to theft of trucks, motorcycles and other vehicles in West Bengal, Orissa, Bihar and Jharkhand. He had been absconding since 2006 after fleeing from the Saraikela jail. Naseer a resident of Ramgarh, is said to have close links with veteran criminals, said Kuldeep Dwivedi, SP, Bokaro.A police team comprising officer in-charge of Jaridih, Balidih and Kasmar police stations, arrested Naseer along with Mithlesh, Suresh Karmkar, Mashroof Ansari and Jashid Hussein. DSP, headquarter, P N Singh said the police arrested them when they were about to commit the crime.However, during interrogation, Naseer and others confessed that a petrol pump employee named Mukesh Rajwarw and his nephew Sanjay was helping them. Police also nabbed the two, who are residents of Petarwar and Jaridih, respectively. Singh said, except Mukesh and Sanjay all the accused have a criminal history. Karmakar, a resident of Chas Muffasil, has three pending cases in Dhanbad while Masroof is wanted in kidnapping case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15336110", "title": "IIT-Kanpur starts dispensary", "text": "KANPUR: Dean, student affairs and health centre, IIT-K started hostel medical dispensary (HMD) in Hall X. Dr RK Sachan, Acting registrar said that HMD will the students in saving time as distances between hostels had increased. It will start functioning from 5.00 pm to 9.00 pm.The dispensary will be manned by Dr Vinod Kumar Gupta and Dr Virendra Nigam.IIT-K director SG Dhande inaugurated the HMD in the presence of other faculty members and officers of the institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332701", "title": "Theft at ACP's house, service pistol stolen", "text": "MUMBAI: Burglars broke into the residence of assistant commissioner of police Ravindra Khandagale on Wednesday and stole his service pistol and other valuables. on Wednesday.Cash, gold ornaments and other articles, , a camera, a wrist watch collectively worth valued at Rs 1.23 lakh, were missing , cops said.The officer and his family were not at home when the burglary took place. The burglars broke open the safety and main doors of Khandagale's second-floor flat in Kamla Park, Veer Savarkar Marg, Mahim. The metal cupboard inside the bedroom was opened with the help of a master key, police said.The Glock pistol that was stolen was valued at Rs 66,000. \"The pistol's magazine and rounds were safe as they were kept in a different place,\" said sub-inspector Vijaykumar Ruchankar from the Shivaji Park police station. Cops have registered a house break-in case.\"All the items from the cupboard were strewn around in the room,\" he said. \"Prima facie, it looks to be the handiwork of more than one person. We are still investigating as to the number of persons involved,\" said Police Inspector Shirish Gaikwad, the investigating officer. Fingerprint experts are assisting the probe. had been brought in to probe the matter, the officer said. Police registered a case of housebreaking.On being asked about the consequences of losing a service revolver, an investigating officer said on condition of anonymity, \"There could be a departmental probe about the matter.\"The ACP's wife, who is a teacher, and his son were away when the incident happened between 10.30 am and 5.30pm on Wednesday.The building does not have a watchman. On Thursday afternoon, police officers could be seen quizzing a group of youngsters sitting on a bench outside the building. The ACP's wife who was at home on Thursday refused to comment on the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15333817", "title": "Nagpur University students caught answering paper at home night after exam", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University received another shock on Thursday when Wardha police unearthed a racket, where college officials were helping students write answers at home late in the night, long after the exam had ended earlier in the day.The Wardha cops raided the house of a student of Agnihotri College of Pharmacy. They found 10 students referring to books and writing in their answer-sheets. The cops allegedly let off some female students who too were part of the racket. All the students had appeared in the Pharmaceutical Chemistry-I (Organic) paper of Bachelor of Pharmacy (BPharm) first year winter exam on Wednesday.\"They were caught red-handed indulging in unfair means and detained under Maharashtra Prevention of Malpractices at University, Board and other Specified Examinations Act, 1982,\" Wardha superintendent of police Avinash Kumar told TOI. He added that many blank supplements were recovered and they students were writing answers on them with the help of books when caught. The top cop however refused to comment on the issue of involvement of college staff, saying that investigations were underway.Police inspector MD Chate, who was the part of the raid, said that a college peon named 'Shriram Mandade' was involved in the racket and had allegedly helped the students. The students arrested included - Abhinav Tale (21) of Maregaon in Yavatmal, Shubham Thute (18) of Hinganghat, Vikram Niborkar (20) of Warud, Umesh Bansod (22) of Dhamangaon, Snehal Kamdi (21), Shuklesh Lohave (20), Tushar Parate (20), Rajesh Dube (21), Abhijit Komalwar (22) and Nikhil Kotewar (27), all from Wardha. All of them are believed to be working professionals.College trustee Sachin Agnihotri tried to steer clear of the controversy by saying that the peon was working on contract basis, and he must be punished if his guilt was proved.Medicine faculty dean Pramod Yeole confirmed the racket, saying that it must have been going on since last many years but there was no proof. \"It's definitely a serious thing to happen, and on the backdrop of scams and series of paper leaks, it assumes grave proportions. At least now NU should act stringently against erring colleges,\" he said.He pointed out NU appoints a co-officer for monitoring exams at every exam centre, but the person named for this college refused to join duties citing personal problems. \"NU administration didn't even bother to appoint another co-officer. NU administration refuse to learn from their past mistakes like BCCA paper leak and revaluation scam,\" he said.NU in dark even 16 hours laterQuite surprisingly, the NU administration was completely unaware about a racket of such magnitude being exposed even 16 hours after the students were detained on Wednesday night. Neither the police nor the Agnihotri College authorities bothered to inform them. When a query in this regard was put to vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal during a press meet about NU's 89th Foundation Day celebrations, he was left red-faced. After consulting other officials, he announced that they will first confirm the incident and then inform the media.Registrar Mahesh Yenkie, who was looking after charge of Controller of Examinations (COE) since Siddharth Kane was on leave, acknowledged that they were completely unaware of these things and only after media persons asked them questions did they start investigating into it. \"Either the police or Agnihotri College authorities should have informed us,\" he said. He however said NU was contemplating serious action against the college and constituted a probe panel under the medicine dean.Modus operandiDuring the paper, the students involved in the racket used to attach as many supplements as possible to the main answer sheet. Then they used to write the answer which they knew at the centre. They used to memorize the serial number of their main answer-sheets, to help retrieve their papers. Later, at night, with the help of college authorities, the students used take their answer-sheets to a student's home near the centre. They then used to fill up the blank supplements after referring to books. This racket is said to have been operating since last many years, but was detected when one of the students was duped by the racketeers and he approached the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15336355", "title": "Violence after BTech student beaten by police in Farrukhabad", "text": "KANPUR: Infuriated over detainment and beating of a BTech student by policemen under Amapur police station of Kasganj town in Farrukhabad district, an irate mob late on Thursday evening indulged in arson and brick-batting. The mob set afire a police jeep besides several vehicles, including three motorcycles and two cars, parked on the police station premises.The police had to use mild force to control the mob and bring the situation under control.The incident took place after cops from Amapur police station detained one Yogendra, a BTech student from a nearby area, on charges of creating ruckus at public place. As soon as the news spread in Yogendra's native Jatau village, hundreds of villagers gheraoed the police station.Though the police officials on duty tried to pacify the villagers, they went on a rampage, threw stones at the police station and torched a police vehicle, three two-wheelers and two four-wheelers. Superintendent of police Mahesh Kumar Mishra rushed to the spot along with a huge posse of police force. Several policemen were injured in the incident, according to the police.Amapur police said it had received a call from locals about a drunk youth who was creating ruckus in the area. A patrol jeep was sent to the spot and the police then brought him to police station for questioning. A senior police official said as soon as the youth was taken to the police station, hundreds of villagers from Jatau village gathered outside the station and demanded that the youth be released immediately.An officer said the mob threw stones at the police station when they refused to hand over the youth, Yogendra. The mob later indulged in arson and resorted to heavy brick-batting.\"We had to summon additional forces to control the crowd. We have not yet arrested anyone in this connection but action is likely to be initiated against trouble makers,\" he added.Mishap: A three-year-old boy was killed and two persons, including the boy's father and mother, were injured after the tempo hit their bicycle near PAC Turn in Chakeri police area on Thursday. Shiv Prasad Paswan and his wife were heading to his in-laws place in Govindnagar when the mishap took place.The deceased was identified as Sachin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15333410", "title": "Fire-brigade among late-comers, no doctors or ambulances after blasts", "text": "PUNE: What stood out starkly on Wednesday was the absence of emergency services like the fire-brigade, doctors and ambulances after the four blasts in the city. It showed lack of coordination among various vital departments to deal with such an emergency.Hardly any lessons on disaster management have been learned by the district and civic authorities after the German Bakery blast in February 2010, exposing loopholes in the city's disaster management plans, experts said.There was not a single fire-fighting vehicle on Jangli Maharaj road till 9 pm, one and half hours after the first blast. The reason - the fire-brigade had no information about the blasts. There were no ambulances or emergency doctors on standby. All three would have come handy when the police found another explosive device near the petrol pump and defused it.The crowd of onlookers swelling by the minute at all the four sites became a headache for the police and the investigators, besides challenging traffic management. At the site near Garware subway, onlookers took photographs on their cellphones of the bicycle where a small explosion went off from close range. Some people volunteered to manage the crowd and to divert the traffic.Meanwhile, the Pune Municipal Corporation and the district collectorate which have disaster management plans claimed to have responded well to the situation. Ganesh Sonune, in-charge of the disaster control room of the PMC, refused to speak. Deputy municipal commissioner Pravin Ashtikar, who is in charge of the disaster management cell, said that immediately after the incident, ward officers and zonal commissioners were put on standby.The PMPML authorities were alerted about diversion of buses. \"The fire-tender was not required because there was no fire. However, the fire brigade was put on alert. The PMC's control room did not have any information about the bombs that were defused later,\" Ashtikar said.Ashtikar said the ambulance services had not been informed. \"There was also no contact with any of the hospitals,\" he added. PMC's chief fire officer Prashant Ranpise said that the fire-brigade had no information about the blasts. \"We got queries from the media about the blasts. No one informed us about them. Around 8.30 pm, the police asked us to send a fire-tender for standby operations near Garware bridge,\" he said. Officials of the disaster control room of the district collectorate said the services of neither the fire brigade nor ambulances were required immediately at the sites.The officials of the control room said that Sassoon general hospital was asked to be ready. Immediately after the blasts, the district control room received a call from the police control room asking for the contact numbers of the district collector and other senior officials.Maj Gen S C N Jatar (retd) said that Wednesday's incident showed that the disaster management of the city is 'zero'. Wednesday's incident was like a test for the authorities in disaster management, which they failed. Immediately after the blasts, the area should have been completely cordoned off. The presence people at the site was unnecessary. There was no mobilization of the emergency services,\" Jatar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15331979", "title": "Rakhi unties tears and joy", "text": "AHMEDABAD: About 15 children and their family members gathered at Shyamal crossroads on Thursday morning to appeal to the state government and the city police to find missing children of their families. The families had gathered to express their sense of solidarity with each other in trying times.Nine-year-old Ayushi Panchal was crying bitterly, with few to console her. Her parents bore a dead look. It was Rakshabandhan festival and Ayushi was missing her elder brother Ronak Panchal who had gone missing a few months ago. \"I am carrying Rakhi with me here today, hoping that he will come to see me,\" she said.Another nine-year-old Jay Parmar was missing his sister Dhruti Parmar who had gone missing a few months ago. \"I have told my parents that I am wiling to join the police to search my sister. She should have been home by now. I miss her terribly. I miss her on Rakhi festival when everybody else is celebrating,\" he said.The families have made several appeals to the state government and the city police to speed up search operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15331981", "title": "Doctors charged with homicide after patient dies", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two doctors of a private hospital have been charged with culpable homicide in connection with the death of a female patient, as they were found responsible by forensic investigators.A complaint has been registered under section 304 A by Ellisbridge police against Dr Manoj Patel and Dr Nimesh Bhavsar of Pulse Hospital, Naranpura. On March 27, a 24-year-old woman, Jyoti Patel, had died in the hospital.On Thursday, the forensic division of V S Hospital submitted its report to Ellisbridge police which triggered the complaint against the two doctors. \"The report said that a procedural lapse, when she was shifted to the ventilator at the first hospital, caused her death. Forensic experts said that the woman's respiratory tract was damaged when a tube, meant to allow her to breathe through the ventilator, was inserted through her nose. This, according to the forensic experts later led to her death,\" said an Ellisbridge police official.Jyoti was rushed to her family doctor on July 25 as she was suffering from high fever and headache. The medical practitioner recommended that she be taken to Civil Hospital. The hospital's doctors were on strike then and Jyoti had to be shifted to the private hospital in Naranpura. Her condition deteriorated in the hospital and the doctors decided to put Jyoti on the ventilator.When her condition further worsened, doctors suggested an MRI be conducted. She was then taken to Sadhbhavna MRI centre in Ellisbridge. \"During the MRI the woman's body began swelling. She was rushed to Hope Neurological Hospital in Ellisbridge. The woman died in the hospital and the medicos there intimated us,\" said an Ellisbridge police officer. Ellisbridge police registered a complaint of accidental death and sent the body for postmortem.On receiving the forensic report from V S Hospital's doctors, Ellisbridge police intimated the victim's family and Jyoti's brother Kamlesh Patel registered a complaint of culpable homicide against the two doctors of Pulse hospital. The investigation has been transferred to Naranpura police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15336612", "title": "Friendship Day: Pick the perfect present on the occasion", "text": "Are you losing your hair trying to choose a gift for Friendship Day this Sunday? TOI helps you.For the amigos worldwide, it's the day they can shower love to those who have fought with them, have become their guilty mirrors and would definitely stand by them till the end of time. It's Friendship Day this Sunday and youngsters in Bhubaneswar are gearing up to celebrate this special day with much pomp and show. Needless to say, the gifts shops have attractive merchandises in plenty to help them celebrate this day.This year too, regular goodies like friendship bands, cards, quotation frames, coffee mugs are already on the racks. But, if you are looking for something unique to surprise your best friend with, there are pretty and colourful designer bags shaped like frocks, shoes. And guess what? They are filled with chocolates. According to Ravi Dewan, owner of a gift shop in Shahid Nagar, it's the frames with sweet and cheeky Friendship Day quotes that are attracting youngsters the most. \"Wooden and glass frames with interesting texts written about friendship, glass photo frames with nice friendship quotes are popular gifts for this Friendship Day. Rakhi is over and these are now selling like hot cakes,\" he shares.But, when it comes to choosing bands and goodies, people want to experiment. Girls have a special fascination for rainbow-coloured beaded bands and crystal bands. They are fashionable but pocket-friendly. Says Subhashree Hati, a faculty member of a international school in Bhubaneswar, \"Though everyday is Friendship Day for me, I still buy friendship bands and chocolates for my friends for the first Sunday of August. This year too I'll do the same.\"For the guys, Friendship Day kits consist of leather or metal friendship bands. Bhargav Mishra, an engineering student, says, \"I have bought a leather friendship band for my best friend. I think it will look really cool with the party attire he's planning to wear on that day.\"So, what are these youngsters planning to do to make this day memorable? Bhargav tells us that all of his friends are going to attend a huge party. For Siddharth Padhee, it's a day to be spent with your buddies, wherever you are. \"We are planning to go out and have fun the whole day. I have already bought some quotation frames for them,\" he says with a smile. Subhashree, however, plans to have a blast with her childhood friends at a beach. \"This Friendship Day I'm planning to go to Paradeep to catch up with my friends. We are going to have a beach party. I'm eagerly waiting for this Sunday,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15334708", "title": "Rain failure puts TN\u2019s hydropower plants out of work", "text": "CHENNAI: The failure of the southwest monsoon has dealt a severe blow to the state's hydroelectric power units, reducing energy generation by 33% of their combined capacity. Tamil Nadu's hydropower plants have an installed capacity of 2,224MW and generate about 22% (19,482MU) of the state's total power requirement.The state is facing a severe power crisis and was abletosupply only 77,102MU of power last financial year though the demand was 87,000 million units (MU). Hydropower units contributed just 5,535 MU of the 77,102 MU supplied aswater levels remained low. The situation is now even worse. With an 8% annual increase in demand, the state appears to be heading towards a major energy crisis.Water levels in reservoirs across the state are so precariously low,especially in around a dozen major reservoirs in the Western Ghats, that hydropower generation islikely tobeonly 555MU this financial year \u20142 % of the installed capacity. This is 41% lower than 1,329 MU recorded on August 2,2011.The state has generated only 462 MU from its hydro stations so far this year as compared to 1,330 MU last year, a deficit of 65 %. Hydropower generation fell to 156 MU in June 2012 from 672 MU in June 2011. In July it fell to 238 MU from 555 MU. The deficit was 82% and 57% for the two months, an official said.Effective storage levels in most reservoirshavedroppedto 25%. Someof them,likePykara in the Nilgiris and Servalar and Karayar in Tirunelveli district, have less than 5% of capacity. Mettur, which has a capacity of 88.5tmcft,only has 31 tmcft.Only Parambikulam and Sholayar in Coimbatore district had more than 50% storage on August 2. There is little chance of improvement in the situation before the onset of the Northeast Monsoon,the official said.The state's power managers are pinning their hopes on the commissioning of a 500MW thermalunit atV allur, a 600 MW thermal unit in North Chennai and a 600 MW thermal unit at Mettur, all by December. The first reactor at Kudankulam will add another 425 MW to Tamil Nadu's energy generation in the near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15336872", "title": "Monsoon may pick up steam", "text": "LUDHIANA: Here's a good news for you. Monsoon, which has been playing hide and seek for months, will gain momentum in August.Kulwinder Kaur Gill, assistant agrometeorologist at Punjab Agricultural University (PAU), said, \"June received no showers and July a scanty rainfall of about 67mm against the normal of around 230mm. And as a result, the rain deficit has been of 73%\".\"In view of the weather data of May and June, the Indian meteorological department has forecast revival of monsoon in August. It is expected that the month will receive adequate rainfall, as conditions like low sea surface temperature and wind pattern and its direction are favourable,\" she added.\"Due to low sea surface temperature, high pressure builds along the sea surface. With air pressure on land low, wind blows from high pressure to low pressure, which is favourable for monsoon. Secondly, wind is blowing from south and east towards the north which too is a good sign,\" Gill said.Confirming it, director of Chandigarh meteorological department Surinder Paul said, \"The sea surface temperature and wind pattern suggest there will be good rain in August. But September might receive less showers because of El Nino.\"The prediction of good rain has spread cheer among residents. Yudhvir Singh, a businessman of Vishal Nagar, said, \"Monsoon has been quite weak this time... there was hardly any rain. It is good that August will receive rain in plenty. I hope the met office predictions turn true and the weather turns pleasant.\"Kiranjeet Kaur, a resident of Model Town, said, \"I hope we receive adequate rain, as our economy is chiefly dependent on agriculture.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15333032", "title": "Rajasthan draws less power than quota from grid", "text": "JAIPUR: Having received brick-bats for overdrawing power from the Northern Grid, Rajasthan seems to have learnt a lesson. Focusing on increase in domestic generation, the state is drawing lesser than its quota.On Thursday evening, the state was underdrawing power from the Northern Grid by more than 1,000 MW compared to its quota. Around 7.30 pm, while the state's quota was 6,983 MW, it was drawing 5,660 MW, despite the fact that the frequency then was 50.3.The situation was similar on Wednesday. Despite the shortage, the state, as an exception, was under drawing 293 MW of power from the Northern Grid. Sources claim that the main reason for this is the stern warning issued to states against overdrawing.Though reports suggests that Rajasthan was not overdrawing power when the frequency is lower than 49.5, power minister Dr Jitendra Singh too insisted that the state has not received any notice in this regard.The situation is slowly returning to normal as power has been restored to all sectors including industry. The power discoms did not impose a power cut on Thursday on account of Raksha Bandhan, which was much appreciated. The domestic production has improved with rain being recorded in several parts of the state. The demand too has gone down, said officials. The production was at its lowest on July 30 when the Northern Grid failed for the first time. The production at that time was 658.18 lakh units while the consumption was 832 lakh units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15339387", "title": "Salman, Isha pair turns 7th time lucky!", "text": "Choreographer Salman Yusuff Khan and actress Isha Sharwani are dominating Color TV's Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa- 5.Last week Salman and Isha's tribute to Rajesh Khanna brought tears to judges Madhuri and Remo's eyes. Continuing their success story, Isha and Salman's pair scored full marks for the seventh time in a row. A source present on the sets told us they both danced on Tu hi Re from Mani Ratnam's hit film 'Bombay' . Salman who had injured his back managed to put a fabulous act with partner Isha Sharwani. The judges were impressed with Isha and Salman's splendid performance and Karan Johar went gaga over their act. Karan praised their act by saying, \"what to do? Should I go out and shout on the road that Isha and Salman are the best?\"While Madhuri lauded them for their conceptualization, Remo who had planned to give 9 marks was left with no choice but to give full marks to Isha and Salman as they made no mistakes.Salman and Isha it seems you both are on the way to become a hit dancing pair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15332415", "title": "Owaisi to lead relief team to Assam", "text": "HYDERABAD: MIM president Asaduddin Owaisi will be leading a relief team on Friday to Assam which has recently witnessed unprecedented violence and dislocation of lakhs of people. Owaisi along with a team of 11 doctors and two paramedics will visit Dhubri district in Assam.\"Within five days of intense violence over 4.5 lakh people were displaced. The official death toll was about 50. While the relief workers still can't reach refugee camps, the affected people in Assam need every possible help to overcome their sufferings,\" Owaisi told TOI adding that he had visited the ethnic violence-hit state recently. On his return to Hyderabad he announced Rs. 1.25 crore worth of relief material for the affected people. He also met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh along with Badruddin Ajmal, MP and president of the All India United Democratic Front in Assam and briefed him about the conditions of the affected population. \"The people of Assam are going through a rare phase in their history.We will be carrying medicines worth Rs 20 lakh. The team of doctors, led by superintendent of Owaisi Hospital Mazhar Ali Khan, will be staying there for four days,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15332756", "title": "Soon, sea link e-model at all toll posts", "text": "MUMBAI: Five toll posts at Vashi, Mulund, LBS, Airoli and Dahisar will get an electronic toll payment facility in three months.The move comes amid allegations of illegal collection of money through toll by hiding the vehicle count. According to the minister, banners at toll points will flash total cost of the project against which toll is being collected, collection so far, remaining collection, contract deadline, name of the contractor, toll-hike chart, daily vehicle count and the daily collection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15336232", "title": "Bus route extension put on hold", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has put on hold the proposal of Bhubaneswar Puri Transport Service Limited to extend its route to Jatni in view of shortage of buses.The housing and urban development (H&UD;) department observed that the proposal for operation of city bus service along the 25-km Kalpana Square (Bhubaneswar) and Jatni would hamper the frequency of the existing fleet of buses plying in Bhubaneswar and Cuttack.\"We have already diverted 20 buses to Cuttack as per a recent high court direction. If we divert more buses, it will affect the frequency and create inconvenience for commuters,\" an H&UD; officer said. \"The bus operation can be started only after a new fleet of buses, sanctioned by the Centre under JNNURM scheme reach Bhubaneswar,\" he said.Sources said the Centre last month sanctioned Rs 3.4 crore to Odisha government to procure 15 new city buses as against the state's demand for 30 large buses. At present, 105 buses ply in Bhubaneswar, Cuttack, Khurda and Puri under the JNNURM scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15333486", "title": "India Against Corruption Pune members call off protest", "text": "PUNE: A day after the blasts on busy Jangli Maharaj Road, members of the Pune unit of India Against Corruption (IAC) called off their agitation on Thursday evening following instructions from Team Anna.Earlier, on Thursday morning, city police had told members of the Pune unit of India Against Corruption (IAC) to shift their agitation from the Balgandharva Rangmandir chowk to another spot because of the high security alert issued in the city.\"We were agitating at this chowk for the last eight days. On Thursday morning, when we gathered at the pandal, police approached us saying not to hold the agitation here. They held discussions with IAC members and told us that the instructions were being issued after Wednesday's blasts. We cooperated with police and decided not to hold our agitation at the pandal,\" said Deepak Bharadiya, IAC member.\"Police wanted us to shift to another venue from Friday. We informed police we will shift but will continue our protest,\" Bharadiya had said before the IAC received instructions from Team Anna.One of the four blasts on Wednesday evening took place outside the Balgandharva Rangmandir entrance, a mere 100 metres from the venue of the IAC agitation. The pandal that could accommodate around 300 people and which used to remain busy with protesters, remained empty throughout the day on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15339401", "title": "Sanders forbidden to direct 'Snow White' sequel", "text": "Rupert Sanders' wife Liberty Ross has told him not to direct the sequel to 'Snow White and The Huntsman,' if he wants to save their marriage.Sanders and 'Twilight' star Kristen Stewart shocked the world when they admitted to having a post-production fling.Sanders, 41, was originally lined up to direct the sequel after it became a box office success.However, he is yet to sign an agreement with Universal Pictures who are considering putting someone else in the director's chair.\"Liberty let it be known in no uncertain terms that Rupert can't direct the sequel to Snow White and the Huntsman,\" the New York Post quoted a source as telling Radar Online.\"They are trying to work things out after he was caught having an affair, and that is one of the sticking points. She just doesn't want him to ever work with Kristen again. Rupert is obviously disappointed because 'Snow White and the Huntsman' was his directorial debut, and he had hoped on building on that with a follow-up after some decent reviews. But he knows his actions were inexcusable, and he's going to have to bite the bullet and listen to his wife on this one.\"Also, when Rupert signed up for 'Snow White,' he didn't know he was going to get a chance to direct a sequel. His contract with Universal was only for one movie. It was a verbal agreement that he was to take the reigns on the sequel, nothing was ever signed. Kristen, as the film's lead, will get preference over Rupert and Universal will just find another director,\" the source said.According to reports, Robert Pattinson and Stewart are on speaking terms following reports that the actor moved out of their LA home and into Reese Witherspoon's California ranch.He initially ignored her \"tearful texts\" and multiple phone calls, but finally relented and has slowly started to speak to her again, but it still may be too late.\"Rob just isn't going to be able to get beyond the cheating - one time or not,\" a source told People magazine.When the news first broke of Stewart's cheating, a source close to the actress said that she was \"very confident\" she would be able to convince Pattinson to stay with her, and the fact that they're talking again is the first sign of their relationship on the mend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15336603", "title": "Arms haul in Chandel district", "text": "IMPHAL: Assam Rifles soldiers seized a cache of arms and ammunition at Haikot area of Chandel district in Manipur bordering Myanmar on Monday.In the wake of Myanmar's assurance of flushing out northeastern rebels from its soil, the Assam Rifles soldiers have already stepped up vigil along the porous international border in Chandel district to check rebels' movements.After successfully foiling the infiltration bid of suspected cadres of the banned People's Liberation Army (PLA) into the valley from Haikot, troops of 24 Assam Rifles recovered the weapons, said an AR statement. One Czech Republic made 9mm pistol, three hand grenades, a compass, two detonators with wire, 17 lathod fire cases, a mobile phone, Indian and Myanmarese currencies and large number of magazines and bullets of different guns and calibers were recovered by the troops, the statement said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-03"}
