{"city": "None", "code": "15251575", "title": "Justin Bieber blasted for swearing on flight", "text": "Justin Bieber was forced to apologise on a plane after getting scolded for swearing.The pop-squeak, 18, got a ticking-off from a mother-of-two who was less than impressed by his foul mouth.\"Justin was on a long-haul trip on Air New Zealand joking and swearing with his entourage,\" the Daily Star quoted sources as saying.\"A female passenger was horrified and intervened. Justin was very embarrassed and stopped immediately. He also apologised to her,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15251118", "title": "Katie Holmes cancels red carpet appearance", "text": "Actress Katie Holmes was set to make her first planned public appearance since filing divorce from Tom Cruise , but she cancelled it.She was to walk the red carpet at an event for her Dizzy Feet Foundation here Saturday. But her plan got cancelled, her representative was quoted as saying by femalefirst.co.uk.Holmes had set up the organisation in 2009 with choreographer Carrie Ann Inaba and \" So You Think You Can Dance \" judges Nigel Lythgoe and Adam Shankman , following her appearance on the show in 2009.She returned as a guest judge in 2011.Her charity raises money for youth dance education in the US.Holmes has chosen to remain out of spotlight since she filed for divorce June 27 from Cruise, the father of her six-year-old daughter Suri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15244639", "title": "Manyavar Kanshiram Institute of Tourism Management to launch French courses", "text": "LUCKNOW: Learning French will no more be a difficult task. The French Institute in India has collaborated with Manyavar Kanshiram Institute of Tourism Management as its institutional partner to launch two French courses -- DELF (Diplome d'Etudes en langue Francoise) Tous Publics and DELF Junior. Interestingly, Lucknow is the first city to have a DELF examination centre in Uttar Pradesh, Bihar , Jharkhand , Orissa and would also cater to North East India.Course director, Meeta Ghosh said, \"While DELF Tous Publics is a course that will cater to zero level adolescents, DELF Junior is a less intense course and will cater to children studying in Class VI-XII.'' In other words, the course content will also facilitate the learning of French to those students, who choose French as a subject at the CBSE/ICSE board exams. The registration forms will be available from July 26 at MKITM and Paryatan Bhawan.MKITM director Prof Manoj Dixit said, \"The two courses will help the learners to have a command over all the learning skills like oral and written comprehension, oral and written expressions in French.\" He added that apart from following the pedagogy of teaching as planned and developed by the Council of Europe, for The Common European Framework of teaching of any foreign language, seminars by French experts will also be conducted. Special emphasis will be laid on celebrating important French festivals and organising French cultural activities for all learners, in order to keep in sync with the national cultural activities planned annually by the French Embassy, New Delhi.Info at a glance1. Two courses, DELF Tous Publics and DELF Junior will be imparted at MKITM.2. The fee for the DELF Tous Publics is 10,000 and for DELF Junior, it is Rs 8,000.3. Registration forms will be available from July 26 at MKITM and Paryatan Bhawan.4. There will be no entry level qualification for both the DELF Courses.5. The classes will begin from August.6. The examination dates are fixed by the IFI. Along with regular students, external candidates will also be allowed to register themselves for the exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15243216", "title": "'Oz, The Rock Opera' swings to good music", "text": "NAGPUR: For its hundredth show, Stagecraft Theatres picked on 'Oz. The Rock Opera', a play 'inspired by L Frank Baum's 'The Wonderful Wizard of Oz'. But director Vikash Khurana has redesigned this much-loved children's tale to a twisted, grotesque musical with all the darkness of everything evil.Described by the presenters as 'a modern, rock musical set against the themes of power, lust, greed and crime', this play is also supposed to have 'serious philosophical underpinnings'. So the protagonist, Dorothy in an inebriated state stumbles into a bar having accidentally crushed a woman under the wheels of her vehicle. She realizes that she has landed into the dark part of the city also called the Land of Oz and there is hell to pay for.Moving into the realms of surreal, the play gets into the thick of all evil which is a dark mix of drug dealers, whores, bars and casinos. She meets characters who are bogged by their own issues but join her to help her escape from this dark city.Imaginative set designs and scenography create the right mood and environment of the play. The background music score by Vijay Dhole enriches the plot. But it is the performance which does not allow the act to rise to the required levels. The actors who are not very comfortable with their dictions get further bogged by the profanities that they mouth. The expressions, the timing all take a beating when lines are mouthed incoherently. The rock opera comes with a good smattering of song and dance sequences. But here too the limp and tepid performance of the young cast is hard to swallow. But the four songs, all composed in house are easy on the ears.Khurana has raised the bar for himself in terms of presentation. He has an indulgent audience too. All that he needs to do now is to pull up his cast so that they too get their act together.Two shows of the play will be performed on Sunday at 3.30pm and 7pm at the IMA Hall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15250142", "title": "South African Airways to fly daily on Mumbai-Johannesburg route from October", "text": "MUMBAI: The South African Airways today announced daily services between Mumbai and Johannesburg from the current five flights a week, effective October.The non-stop daily flight from Mumbai to Johannesburg, to be effective from October 3, comes on the heels of the fifth weekly frequency the airline launched from June 16 this year and the sixth, due to start from August 21, the airline said in a statement.The seventh flight is subject to government approvals. South African Airlines is the only carrier that offers non-stop services between South Africa and India now, following the decision of Jet Airways to discontinue its operations on this sector last month.The airline also provides the shortest travel time between India and South America , with a flying time of 22 hrs and 35 minutes from Mumbai to Buenos Aires.Announcing the increased frequency, South African Airways country manager for India, Sajid Khan, said, \"The positive response to our fifth and sixth flights has spurred on the need for an additional flight. This increase in frequency is a testament to our commitment to this market, giving customers the option of a direct flight between Johannesburg's Tambo international airport and Mumbai any day of the week.\"The Mumbai-Johannesburg route is serviced with an Airbus 330-200, with 36 business and 186 economy class seats.Airlines' General Manager (commercial) Theunis Potgieter said, \"This is part of overall route optimisation which is in line with our strategy to ensure better, more frequent regional and long haul services on routes showing a growing demand for business and leisure travel to and from South Africa and the southern parts of the continent.\"South African Airways, a member of the Star Alliance, is the leading carrier in Africa, serving 26 destinations across the continent, as well as major destinations within South Africa and internationally, from its Johannesburg hub.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15244782", "title": "Seizure of PDS wheat puts scanner on section of FCI staff", "text": "KOLKATA: The seizure of a huge wheat consignment by the Enforcement Branch (EB) of Kolkata Police has laid bare the nexus between a section of Food Corporation of India (FCI) officials and some flour mill owners.The unscrupulous lot have been smuggling out the atta (wheat flour) meant for the poorest of the poor either in the open market or to neighbouring countries at a premium - starving the underprivileged of their dues. Therefore the meagre allotment of 750gm of wheat per week to a poor individual in West Bengal remains unavailable for most part of the year.Under the TPDS (Targetted Public Distribution System), allocations of food grains for the BPL and Antyodaya AnnaYojana (AAY) categories have been stipulated at 35kg per family per month for 6.52 crore BPL (including 2.43 crore AAY) families in the country. But in West Bengal, the target has never been met - thanks to the gap between the off take and the amount actually reaching households that gives a measure of pilferage or diversion from the target population.The pattern of the supply chain in the state would provide a better picture. The wheat stored in the FCI warehouse first goes to flour mills, from flour-mill to modified rationing (MR) distributor and from there to MR dealers. The latter then hands over the food articles to the consumer. But instead of going to the flour mills, the trucks reach the place from where the grains are smuggled.There is also a divide between the urban poor and rural poor as far as supply of wheat is concerned. According to the FCI policy, 750gm of wheat should be supplied to urban BPL poor, while 750gm of atta is to be given to the rural poor. As things stand, the rising food subsidy is one of the major factors contributing to widening fiscal deficit, yet the benefit of the subsidy is rarely reaped by those at the grass-root level.\"Since neither media nor government cares about the rural poor, there is a gross injustice as far as quality of the atta is concerned. It is not fit for human consumption,\"said Anubrata Sikdar, a rights activist, whose fight against food corruption eventually led to the ration riot in 2007.\"We won't be surprised, if this smuggling of wheat, which was unearthed by the EB, is a regular affair. There is a huge racket that mints money at the cost of the poor people,\" added Sikdar. The allegation was corroborated by Biswambhar Basu, the general secretary of All India Fair Shop Dealers' Federation.\"It was the dismal quality of food grain that led to ration riot. There is a popular joke that if you buy BPL atta, you will get worms free in it. However, this was never probed and ration dealers were made scapegoats,\" he said.In fact, the Economic Survey, 2010-11, tabled in the Parliament had brought to the fore the horrific picture of how subsidized food grains for the poor gets pilfered. The survey revealed the diversion to be as high as 55%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15243916", "title": "Strays can sniff out bombs too", "text": "BANGALORE: If you happen to see a mongrel at the end of a leash sniffing for bombs next time you visit a mall, don't be taken aback. Even as the city is debating the ethics of culling stray dogs, a group of animal lovers plans to train dogs for various purposes.The Youth Canine Welfare Association, a group of 30 college students, and Great Indian Dog Project Association, a group of working professionals, have given a proposal to the BBMP to allow them to rehabilitate dogs in its shelters.The plan to train these dogs for bomb detection, therapy, seizure warning and guard duty. \"We like to believe that stray dogs are inferior. We need to prove it's wrong. Instead of letting these dogs die, we can give them a better life where they can earn for themselves,\" said Pranav Dinakar, a final-year BCom student, Jain University.\"We don't need Labradors to trace bombs. We can use strays too. Stray dogs have additional advantages -- they have greater resistance. Having lived on the streets they can withstand extreme weather, hunger, pollution and tough situations,\" said canine behaviourist Amrut Sridhara Hiranya.Training strays is like training other breeds, say experts. \"If Labrador is for sniffing and Doberman for guarding, stray dogs have a bit of everything. The selection process would be tedious but training them would be easy,\" he said.\"We met with BBMP and gave this suggestion. We're yet to get a concrete answer,\" said Jaysal Jagadish, who runs a web-designing company. \"Once dogs are trained for specific purposes, we can give them for adoption appropriately. For example, there can be malls or old age homes which can adopt them as per their needs,\" he added.\"Trained stray dogs can be champions for others. For instance, when people watch them on duty in a mall, they may want to adopt strays,\" said Amrut.These organizations have also pitched an idea to train street dogs which chase vehicles and animals. \"This can be done with the help of residents. If a resident lets us know who the pack leader is (mostly the one who starts barking first), we can train him and put him back on the streets.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15246585", "title": "Bollywood designer to open boutique in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: Bright colours, studded saris and net kurtis were the special attraction on the first day of the two- day garment exhibition of famed Bollywood fashion designer Nitu Agarwal.Nitu, who has designed clothes for the likes of Mandira Bedi , Celina Jaitley and Rakhi Sawant is planning to launch her boutique 'Nitu's' in Ranchi soon. She said, \"I have put up this exhibition to know the taste of people here as it will help in bringing up my boutique.\"Shades of green, pink and blue dominated the exhibition. Saris available were mostly bright and heavily worked on. The reason, says Nitu, is the festive season. \"As it is the month of \"Sawan\" I have put many green saris on display. Shades of pink and blue are also a demand for festive season\", Nitu said.Beautiful works of pearls were seen on many saris. Nitu said, \"Pearls are in right now. Usually they are used on western dresses but I have put them on the saris to give them a unique look.\" The price range of these saris start from Rs 3,000 and the highest price was Rs 85,000, for a heavily worked sari which was sold on the first day of the exhibition.The kurtis displayed in the exhibition varied from simple cotton, light-coloured ones to bright, colourful and chiffon material. \"I have cotton kurtis for daily wear and heavy worked net and chiffon kurtis for party wear. These start from Rs 700. Also, I have half-stitched kurti's which people can alter according to their measurements.\" The customers seemed excited about the exhibition and claimed that they are really lucky having access to metro city fashion at Ranchi. Madhurima, a businesswoman, said, \"Usually I had to go to Kolkata or Delhi to buy good party wear as they are not available here but this exhibition has brought the latest trends of metros directly to us here.\"Gayatri, another customer, said, \"I used to see filmstars wear such clothes in movies. I am really happy that I can actually buy such designer clothes sitting here at Ranchi. I am eagerly waiting for the full-fledged boutique to open here.\"Nitu seemed satisfied with the response. \"I will be coming again with an exhibition in September and a fashion show in October,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15244399", "title": "Modi's interview: Mulayam hard on Shahid", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If you don't plan to criticize Narendra Modi, better keep mum. Samajwadi Party worker and editor of a leading Urdu weekly, Shahid Siddiqui, learnt this the hard way on Saturday. He was shown the door by the party for 'anti-party activities' after he interviewed the Gujarat chief minister on the 2002 communal riots.\"I learnt about my ouster from television channels. Nobody called me, nobody served me a show-cause notice for the alleged anti-party activity,\" Siddiqui told TOI. He adds he was inducted into the party by Mulayam Singh Yadav in January in presence of Akhilesh Singh Yadav and Azam Khan and that he had defended the party at various forums.\"All my life, I have fought against communal forces and criticized Modi on numerous occasions. It was Mulayam Singhji who had embraced a communal man like Kalyan Singh,\" he said. \"In the past, I had interviewed Mulayam Singhji when I was still with Congress,\" he said.The Congress party supported SP's decision to disown Siddiqui but the BJP described it as his \"crucifixion for presenting facts\".\"Siddiqui had left SP long back and joined BSP on whose ticket he contested Lok Sabha election from Bijnor,\" SP's national general secretary and spokesman Ram Gopal Yadav said from Lucknow.\"Siddqiui's expulsion has once again exposed the faces of the anti-Gujarat gang and revealed its revengeful mindset against the state,\" Gujarat government spokesperson Jaynarayan Vyas said.In July last year, Maulana Ghulam Mohammad Vastanvi was removed from the post of vice-chancellor of Darool Uloom, Deobandh after he praised economic growth in Gujarat. Earlier, in March 2009, CPI (M) MP from Kerala, A P Abdullakutty was sacked from the party after he exhorted the Kerala government to emulate Modi's development model in January that year. Abdullakutty has joined Congress.Leaders like Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit and Anna Hazare too have made 'U' turns after praising Modi and Gujarat. Questions were raised over Amitabh Bachchan's decision to endorse Brand Gujarat.Salim Khan, celebrated Bollywood writer and father of superstar Salman Khan, says, \"Nobody can deny the fact that Gujarat has progressed. And, Muslims have been a part of the growth story. Saying that Gujarat has excellent roads and good power supply doesn't mean a clean chit to Modi. Who are we to give clean chits when we have a very dependable judiciary?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "15250820", "title": "India left with work to do despite win: Gautam Gambhir", "text": "COLOMBO: India might have won the third ODI against Sri Lanka, but the architect of the triumph, opener Gautam Gambhir , feels the team has to get its act together as far as bowling at the death is concerned.\"We didn't bowl well in the last 10 overs. You look to restrict the last 10 to 60 or 70, 95 was too many\", Gambhir, who scored 102 off 101 balls to guide India to a five-wicket win while chasing 287, said.Gambhir said it was not good that two unsettled batsmen, Angelo Mathews and Jeevan Mendis, scored heavily off the last 10 overs.Gambhir said if India were to win, one of the top-three in the batting order have to perform well.\"Luckily and fortunately it was my turn today, one had to bat through so others can play around him,\" Gambhir said.Gambhir said the wicket got better in the second part of the match and it was an important win in the context of the series.On Rohit Sharma's first-ball dismissal, Gambhir said everyone must back him despite his poor run in the series.\"Rohit Sharma is one of the best talents that India has ever had,\" Gambhir said.Gambhir lauded Suresh Raina's contribution to the win. \"Getting 65 today was brilliant and he played the role that he had been picked for,\" he said.Losing captain Mahela Jayawardene was expectedly disappointed.\"The loss was disappointing. There were certain situations in which we did well,\" he said.Jayawardene said when India were 180 for 4, there was an opportunity which the Lankans missed. he said crucial fielding lapses and losing Kumar Sangakkara to injury in the field were contributory factors.Sangakkara will be out of action for four to six weeks. He suffered a fracture in his right hand having been struck by a ball from Ashok Dinda .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "15247029", "title": "23 fishermen released, strike ends", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Twenty-three Indian fishermen and their five boats caught by Sri Lanka were repatriated by the Indian Coast Guard on Saturday morning. Subsequently, the fishermen returned to sea, calling off their six-day strike against the arrests. The Lankan navy took custody of 23 Rameswaram fishermen and their boats on July 21 on charges of trespassing. They were handed over to the Talaimannar police and produced before a Mannar court on July 23. The court remanded the fishermen till August 6 and they were locked up in Anuradhapuram prison. Fishermen at Rameswaram called for a strike demanding the release of their comrades.Due to the intervention of the state and Central governments, the fishermen were released by Sri Lanka on Friday. The Lankan navy handed over the fishermen to the Indian Coast Guard at the International Maritime Boundary Line (IMBL) around 5 pm. Coast Guard ship Rani Abbakka received the fishermen and their boats and took them back to the coast station at Mandapam. Though they reached the Mandapam anchorage around 8.30 pm that day, they could not be brought to shore as one of the fishing boats ran out of fuel and they were kept at sea itself, Coast Guard officials said. After re-fuelling the boat on Saturday morning, they reached the Coast Guard station at Mandapam, where the fishermen were jointly interviewed by the Intelligence and other security agencies and thereafter handed over to the assistant director of fisheries, Rameswaram.Coast Guard commanding officer H H More said the fishermen could not be brought to shore on Friday night since one boat ran out of fuel and the boat could not be towed into a channel running to anchorage due to low tide. \"They were kept off the anchorage and were brought to shore on Saturday morning at 7.30 am after we could refuel the boat. The fishermen were provided with food and water and handed over to the fisheries department after the formalities,\" he said.He also warned fishermen not to trespass the IMBL for their own safety and not to indulge illegal activities. He urged the fishermen not to venture into sea during adverse weather and carry sufficient life-saving equipment in their boats. \"It is always better if fishermen operate in pairs or groups for mutual assistance and safety in emergencies and to know the likely whereabouts of a boat in case of missing or inadvertent crossing of IMBL. This is to help initiate timely action for necessary assistance. The fishermen should call upon the Coast Guard or the naval ship at sea as and when any distress occurs off IMBL,\" he said.As the fishermen were released, Rameswaram fishermen called off their strike and returned to sea on Saturday morning. Around 600 mechanised boats ventured into sea, but repeated harassment by the Sri Lankan navy has resulted in many fishermen leaving to Kerala, fishermen association leaders said. \"Due to repeated attacks and strikes in Rameswaram, a good number of labour have left to Kerala as the fishing season is about to commence in the western coast. Nearly 60 boats could not go fishing due to lack of labour,\" said B Jesuraja, district secretary of the Tamil Nadu Mechanised Boats Fishermen Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "jaipur/ajmer", "code": "15245504", "title": "Posters at Ajmer mosques compare Ashok Gehlot with Modi", "text": "JAIPUR/AJMER: The Gopalgarh police firing episode has returned to haunt chief minister Ashok Gehlot . Four days prior to his finalised visit to Ajmer, posters comparing Gehlot with Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi appeared in the mosques of Dargah Sharif city on Saturday.Chief minister Gehlot is scheduled to participate in a roza iftar party at Ajaz Park on July 31. The district administration giving final touches to the visit was, however, thrown in tizzy on Saturday, as posters condemning the chief minister for the Gopalgarh police firing incident of September last year were discovered at some mosques in the city's minority-dominated areas. The state police and the intelligence units were immediately put on alert, said sources.One such poster found in a mosque in the locality behind the district Collectorate drew similarity between Rajasthan's Gopalgarh and Gujarat's Godhra where minority people were killed in one of the country's worst riots in 2002.\"What is the difference between Godhra and Gopalgarh? What is the difference between Modi and Gehlot?\" the poster read. It was undersigned by an unknown organisation, \"Jagruk Musalman Samiti, Ajmer.\" The poster urged the minority community people to boycott the chief minister's roza iftar party on July 31.Similar posters targeting chief minister Gehlot for the Gopalgarh incident had come up in the mosques of western Uttar Pradesh prior to the assembly elections in that state. The resentment within the minority community over the police firing incident appears to have continued since September 2011. An old dispute over ownership of a public land near a graveyard at Gopalgarh, a village near Bharatpur, led to violent clashes between the local communities on September 14. The police opened fire to control the mob. The incident claimed lives of 10 people, all whom were Meo Muslims.Even as the Ajmer police confirmed about the poster at mosque behind the district Collectorate, sources said similar posters were found pasted in the Anderkot locality, too. \"We are trying to find the anti-social elements who are trying to disturb the peace here,\" a senior police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15243472", "title": "'Teacher's barbaric beating leaves student in trauma'", "text": "GURGAON: A Class 7 student was brutally beaten up by his teacher after he allegedly found the male teacher in a compromising position with a woman teacher in a school toilet. The incident took place on July 23 and the student is in a traumatic condition. The matter has been reported to the child welfare department. The victim is a resident of Khandsa village and a student of Khandsa government school. The victim's maternal uncle, Rajesh, alleged that \"the police did not take any action against the erring teacher, who has now stopped coming to school.\"According to the victim's family, the teacher, who had beaten up the boy, has been identified as Ashok. Explaining the sequence of events, Rajesh said, \"He had gone to the toilet where he saw his teacher in compromising position with another woman teacher. Shocked at what he saw, he ran back to his classroom.\"The incident took place around noon and the class was full of students. The student did not report the incident to anyone. \"The teacher came to the class and called the student. He first punched him on the face and then rained blows. He even smashed his head on the wall, leaving him bleeding,\" alleged Rajesh. On returning home, the victim narrated the incident to his family. \"I took him to the doctor for medical examination. The next day, along with other family members, I went to the school to report the matter but no one listened to us. We were asked to leave the school premises,\" said Rajesh.The victim's family approached the Kherki Dhaula police station. \"We told the police everything and they lodged a complaint, but no action was taken. The policemen laughed at us,\" said Rajesh. The victim's family demands strict police action against the teacher and departmental action against the principal as well. \"The principal and school authorities did not take our complaint seriously because we are poor villagers. We will not allow the teacher and principal to get away with what they have done to our child,\" Rajesh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15245581", "title": "Cops eye million-rupee reptile racket in Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: The state police are on a manhunt to nab the top ring leaders of a gang of poachers involved in smuggling Tokay Gecko, a rare reptile species, from Manipur to Malaysia. Some members of the gang were arrested recently. These reptiles are in high demanded in Malaysia and some other Asian countries because of their reported medicinal value, sources said, adding that a smuggler can easily make up to Rs 20 lakh for a Tokay Gekco weighing 200 grams and measuring 14 inches. With the value for the reptile's soaring, poachers who targeted other animals have switched focus to Tokays and have been searching for them in the hills, wildlife analysts said.On Wednesday, Thoubal district police carried out an operation at Thoubal bazaar and arrested five persons travelling in a van with a live Tokay Gekco inside a bag. A weighing device and a measurement tape were also recovered from the five persons, who have been identified as H Deben (40), Ng Shitaljit (34), L Noren (24), S Basanta (42) and B Sunil Sharma (38).According to the arrested persons, they were told to collect the rare reptile species from Yairipok village in Thoubal district by one Sunil Singh from Imphal after which it would be smuggled to Malaysia. A senior police officer said a manhunt was on to bust the million-rupee reptile business racket. It is learnt that some individuals have begun rearing these reptiles in a clandestine manner at homes.Thoubal district unit of the People for Animal (PFA) has appealed to all concerned not to indulge in catching and selling of the rare species and instead help protect and conserve them. A large number of animal parts have been seized by the security forces in Chandel district along the state's border with Myanmar. The forces seized tiger skulls, tiger bones, pangolin shells, deer horns and rhino bones which were being smuggled to south-east Asian countries through the porous Indo-Myanmar border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15246295", "title": "'Good parenting improves children's personality'", "text": "RANCHI: Ranchiites got tips on good parenting as eminent people in the city shared their thoughts and experiences that they gained as parents in 'Ranchi Times Gup shup' on Saturday.The programme, organized by the Times of India on the eve of World Parents' Day, became a hit among the participants and guests as they got a chance to not just know more about good parenting but also got a chance to enjoy with their family in the fun games and events.Sharing his experiences, guest of honour at the programme, inspector general S N Pradhan said, \"I got to know about parents' day when one day my children came and wished me. Before that I had no clue about it but that does not mean that people of our generation did not love our parents.\" Speaking about importance of good parenting he said, \"A good parent will create a good person which will lead in the creation of a good nation.\"Mentioning the anecdote of Shrawan Kumar, Central Bank of India DGM S R Das said, \"Good parenting will create children like Shrawan Kumar who will love, respect and do anything for their parents.\"Many fun events were organized for the audience and fancy gifts like spa and dinner vouchers were given to the winners. Mansi Singh who was in the audience said, \"I have a four-year-old son and I think this programme really helped me to decide how to be a good parent for him. The games organized in the programme were total fun and I really enjoyed them.\"The event ended with a magic show by magician Vijay Lakra, which became a big hit especially among the children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15243460", "title": "Civil Service Preliminary exam results declared", "text": "Results of Civil Service Preliminary exam was declared on Saturday. Over 15,000 aspirants had appeared from Hyderabad, Tirupati and Visakhapatnam. According to coaching centres, 450 to 500 candidates qualified the examination. The Mains examination is scheduled for October 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15246022", "title": "Keeping government quarters costs dear to officials", "text": "VARANASI: The habit of keeping the government quarters under possession even several months after their transfer to other districts has started costing dear to many administrative and police officers. In the past one month, notices for removing possession from the residence allotted to four administrative officers have already been served while the process to realize penalty on prevailing market rate was started in the case of a senior police officer.The ADM (civil supply), Sushil Kumar Maurya, who is authorized by the district magistrate to handle the job of allotting government residence in different categories, disclosed it to TOI on Thursday, \"the former SP Traffic, DPN Pandey was transferred to other district about eight months back. However, he has not removed his possession from the Type-IV quarter allotted to him. After issuance of several notices to vacate the allotted quarter a penalty of about Rs 45,000 has been fixed on him recently. The process to remove his possession from the house would also be started soon.\"The former secretary of Varanasi Development Authority and former additional commissioner, SS Ashutosh, who is presently posted as chief development officer at Gorakhpur, former circle officer Bhelupur, Arwind Maurya and former ADM (civil supply), RP Singh, who was also posted at RFC before getting transferred to Allahabad as examination controller of UPPSC are also among the same officers who are not showing interest in removing their possession from the house allotted to them even after several months of their transfer, revealed Maurya. He confirmed that notices have been served to these officials.Presently, there are 101 residences in Type-IV category in the district which are allotted to gazetted officers only. The number of T-III quarters (allotted to clerical staff) are 26 while 18 T-II and 87 T-I category quarters are also available for driver and junior staff, said Maurya. Apart from these, 48 rooms are available at officers' hostel.He said due to it being commissionery headquarters, the number of T-IV quarters (ranges from bungalow to flats) is high but in comparison to actual number of gazetted officers posted in the district this number is insufficient. According to him, the officers like regional transport officer, city magistrate and one ACM are still waiting for the allotment of government residences while the crisis will increase when the vacant positions like of ADM (protocol) and others would be fulfilled.The crisis of government quarters has started worsening with the formation of Samajwadi Party government in the state. After coming to power, the SP government revived the zonal system in state police due to which searching a house for IG Zone became a must.The premises of two bungalows in Cantonment area, including SP City residence were clubbed to convert it into IG bungalow. As the SP City, SK Singh and SP rural, Amarendra Pratap reside in their own accommodations, the pressure on ADM civil supply reduced, who himself resides in the same flat that was allotted to SP rural in the past. The district administration is well aware that the situation would not remain the same with the posting of officers on vacant posts due to which the process for removing the possession of transferred officials from the quarters allotted to them has been intensified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15244463", "title": "Two students and teacher held for Class 8 boy\u2019s death", "text": "CHENNAI: Police investigating the death of a Class 8 student on his school campus in Old Washermenpet on July 19 have arrested two students and a physical education teacher.The two students of Sankaralinga Nadar Higher Secondary School are charged with punching B Ganesh Kumar, a student of the same school during the physical education training. The teacher, who was to monitor the children, was found to have failed in his duty.\"During the inquiry we came to know that the two students picked up a quarrel with Ganesh while playing. The students said Ganesh abused them. The duo then assaulted Ganesh, punching him on the head and chest. He collapsed soon,\" a police officer said. Ganesh was first taken by his friends to a nearby hospital from where he was shifted to Stanley Medical College Hospital, where he was declared 'brought dead.'Initially doctors thought he had died of cardiac arrest, probably because of a pre-existing condition. Later a student told the investigating team that Ganesh was beaten up by a few other students.The preliminary postmortem report said he had suffered injuries. \"We questioned several of his classmates and found that two students were responsible for the boy's death. Physical education trainer Parameshwaran, 45, who was in charge of the students during the period, failed to take care of them. So he has also been arrested,\" said Washermenpet deputy commissioner of police S Maheswaran.Police slapped a case of culpable homicide not amounting to murder under Section 304 of the Indian Penal Code and arrested the three. Police took Parameshwaran to Puzhal prison and sent the two students to a juvenile home in Kellys. The students will now face trial before the Juvenile Justice Board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15247028", "title": "He, she, neither, both", "text": "Athletes Santhi Soundarajan and Pinki Pramanik have been through hell. But even science is struggling with gender tests. It needs a geneticist, psychiatrist, endocrinologist, gynaecologist, radiologist and surgeon to take a look. And the result may still be inconclusive.They have faced humiliations of the kind few athletes have in the world. While the sex determination test of one was leaked for everyone to see and pass very public and distasteful comments over, the other was found slogging for meager pennies in a brick kiln. Left on the wayside to fend for themselves and after having touched the heights of glory, athletes Santhi Soundarajan and Pinki Pramanik plumbed the depths of despair and isolation . Santhi lost the silver she won in the 2006 Doha Asian Games after failing a gender exam, and Asian Games gold medalist Pinki was arrested on charges of rape and locked up in prison.But what happened in the recent past to the two athletes has brought into renewed focus the question of gender tests. Can't they be quick and categorical , lessening the pain of those already suffering? The hard answer to that is perhaps no. At least not yet. Even science and medicine are struggling to deal with those whose gender, to themselves and to others, isn't very clear.It is the complexity of the human body and chromosomal variations that is at fault - and at play. The International Olympic Committee (IOC) recognizes this -- South African runner Caster Semenya was shorn of the gold she won at the Berlin World Championship in 2009 after failing a gender test - and its regulations say: \"Human biology allows for forms of intermediate levels between the conventional categories of male and female, sometimes referred to as intersex. However, intersex female athletes with elevated androgen production give rise to a particular concern in competitive sports which is referred to as 'female hyperandrogenism'\" .Gender tests continue to be complex affairs, involving numerous specialists - from geneticists to psychiatrists, endocrinologists to gynaecologists, even radiologists and surgeons - and there is no one method to prove gender conclusively. Dr Vandana Lal, executive director of Dr Lal PathLabs, says, \"There is physical examination to see if the external sex organs are developed, and ultrasound to check for reproductive organs such as uterus, ovaries , prostate and testis. Then there is checking to establish hormonal levels. Lastly, there is karyotyping -- to see if the male has 46 XY chromosomes and the female 46 XX chromosomes.\"Even between the 46 XY and the 46 XX chromosomes there are many abnormalities with mind-boggling variations such as 48 XXYY, 49 XXXXY and 47 XXX which can't be detected otherwise. Many are pseudohermaphrodites who can't be detected by a physical examination as the external genitals don't match the internal organs. So a person can have ovaries and XX chromosomes , but appear male.Some get married with unfortunate consequences. Lal remembers testing a woman who couldn't conceive. \"Externally she was a woman, but an ultrasound showed that she had no ovaries or uterus. Chromosomal analysis further showed that she didn't have 46 XX chromosomes but a variation. Other women can have small breasts and a blind pouch which serves as the vagina,\" she says.Similarly, men with less testosterone will develop breasts, have hair loss from the body, a childlike voice and small testes but can't be classified as women unless they have ovaries and secrete female hormones , says Dr Ambrish Mithal, chairman , division of endrocrinology and diabetes , Medanta, the Medicity. While both sexes have male and female sex hormones, it's only when levels go too high or low, due to conditions like adrenal gland tumours and pituitary adenomas (benign tumours), that abnormalities occur.While testosterone in a male can vary from 241-827 ng/dl (nanograms per decilitre ), in females it's 14-76 ng/dl, says Lal. In the case of female hyperandrogenism, these can range from 80-300 ng/dl, touching that of males and giving such persons, especially if they are athletes, a huge advantage over other women. Due to these variations , hormonal testing is unreliable for gender verification.Is it any wonder then that gender testing is a difficult terrain? A doctor (he's a radiologist) who treated a sportswoman of doubtful gender recalls the confusing examination . \"She looked feminine but had a small penis. She had a prostrate-like organ , no ovaries or uterus, rudimentary testes, and no seminal vesicle. Karyotyping confirmed 'she' was a 'he'\" .Sadly, this fuzziness in gender identity is traumatic for the victims. Sexologist Dr Prakash Kothari says he gets about two such cases every month. \"While surgery is an option, it's done after a year of counseling and is often easier from male to female. I take a detailed history of the patient, which includes their erotic dreams, physical relationships, masturbation patterns, etc,\" says Kothari. \"Follow-ups are done for a decade to see there's no relapse.\"PS: Semenya is back in the game after being declared a woman. Hopefully there will be more such happy stories in future.A rare orderIncidence of male pseudohermaphroditism | 1 in 20,000 live births Incidence of female pseudohermaphroditism | 1 in 12,500 Incidence of Trisomy X (47,XXX) | 1 in 1,000 female live births Incidence of sex chromosome abnormalities (most common of genetic disorders) | 1 in 400-500 live birthsSource: Dr Lal Path Labs", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15242949", "title": "E-toll collection on sea link from tomorrow", "text": "MUMBAI: The toll collection on the Bandra-Worli sea link will go electronic from Monday on an experimental basis.\"The e-toll collection system will be implemented on an experimental basis on the sea link for five to six days starting Monday. The final decision will be taken after reviewing the results,\" said a senior Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) official.The move comes amid allegations of illegal collection of money through toll by hiding the vehicle count. The state has decided to bring in transparency in the toll system by flashing daily collection status on electronic indicators or boards at all the six toll plazas, including five on the city's fringes.The banners will flash total cost of the project against which toll is being collected, collection so far, remaining collection, contract deadline, name of the contractor, toll-hike chart, daily vehicle count and the daily collection.\"Once we make the toll-collection process at all the toll plazas electronic, we will be able to get daily updates on number of vehicles that either pay the levy or use passes and coupons,\" he said.Whereas people argue that 5 lakh vehicles use the toll posts at Vashi, Mulund, Airoli, LBS, sea link and Dahisar, paying over Rs 1.38 crore toll to the state, state officials said the numbers were 2.5 lakh and Rs 75 lakh respectively as the vehicle count taken by them was wrong. Nearly 60% vehicles have bought monthly passes, smart cards or coupons whereas only 40% pay money daily, said officials.In Mumbai, the collection is being done against Rs 2,100 crore contract awarded to Mumbai Entry Point Toll (MEPL) for maintenance of 27 flyovers and five subways and modernization of five toll posts on city's fringes.The contract will end in 2026, which means Mumbaikars will have to pay until then. For BWSL toll post, the present contract to MEPL is till the time the builder of next Worli-Haji Ali sea link takes over toll collection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15255536", "title": "Moral policing: Police nab eight for attacking birthday party revellers", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore City Police has arrested eight and are on lookout for seven others in connection with attack on a group of revellers at a birthday party at Morning Mist Home Stay at Padil on the outskirts of the city on Saturday night. The accused, police said are followers of Subash Padil, self-confessed Hindu Jagaran Vedike leader who by his admission to police went to protest against 'immoral activities' there and his boys got carried away.The mob numbering around 15 to 20 attacked the revellers - 13 in all, including eight men and five women - students of three educational institutions when they were in the process of winding up and leaving the home stay premises around 6.30pm, Bipin Gopalkrishna, ADGP (Law and Order) said here on Sunday. \"This was a birthday party, and not rave party,\" he said adding police found few beer bottles, soft drinks and food packet parcels.Attackers had left the premises by the time police got information of the incident and they ran in to the locals who had gathered at the spot on rumours that a rave party was going on there. Police resorted to mild cane charge to disperse the locals as they had blocked the entrance and were not allowing revellers to be taken away and also insisting they be allowed to inspect the home stay to confirm their doubts about illegal activities going, he noted.Naming those arrested as Subash Padil, Rajesh, Taranath, Ganesh, Sharath, Venugopal, Sandeep Shetty and Taranath, residents of various areas of the city, he said stringent sections such as dacoity, outraging modesty of woman have been slapped on the attackers. \"The entire state government right from the Chief Minister to the last police constable in the department has taken the incident seriously and all accused in this case would be booked,\" he said.Police department is also looking at role of reporters of Kasturi Channel and Sahay TV, whom Bipin felt had prior information of the 'raid' on the home stay and for not informing the police. \"We are looking if they were there for commission of a cognisable offense or for professional reasons. Lapses on part of police officials for not reacting to warning given to them about the impending raid on the home stay too would be probed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15246712", "title": "Despite water crisis, MC fails to implement rainwater harvesting", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When it comes to rainwater harvesting municipal corporation is at sea as it failed to implement the system in city. Moreover, MC had failed to implement the same in its own building in Sector 17.In a survey conducted by MC two months ago, it was revealed that the decline in water level is on an average up to 2.5 metres per year in the northern sectors and up to 1.5 metres per year in the southern sectors.Taking a serious note of these facts, the public health department had prepared a report. The report clearly stated that there is a need to recharge the groundwater level by installing rainwater harvesting systems.As a pilot project, MC had given the job to centre for science and environment which had taken Sector 26 as a model for implementation the system in the first stage. The report of the centre had suggested that about 70 borewells are required in Sector 26 to implement the rainwater harvesting system properly. It's been two months but the civic body has not done anything in this regard. MC feels that there is not enough space left in the sectors in order to come up with 70 borewells. Moreover, the MC had denied implementing the same in its own building as there is no space left around the building.With acute shortage of water this summer, residents were often seen complaining that water doesn't reach the top floors. To tackle the situation, MC had stopped the afternoon supply to the city and instead proponed the morning supply from 4am to 2.30am.MC superintending engineer R C Diwan of public health division, said, \"We cannot implement rainwater harvesting in our own office building, but we are seeing how we can implement the same in Sector 26. If this becomes successful then we will move to other sectors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15246706", "title": "High drama over induction of ex-MCC chief into Congress", "text": "MANGALORE: Personal ambitions and divisions within Dakshina Kannada District Congress Committee (DKDCC) came to the fore when J R Lobo, former commissioner of Mangalore City Corporation, joined the party on Saturday.The fact that Lobo is touted as the party candidate for Mangalore City South assembly constituency did not go down well with the supporters of Ivan D'Souza, KPCC secretary and party's candidate for the constituency in the last assembly polls.Supporters loyal to Ivan and those in favour of Lobo entered into a verbal altercation and even exchanged blows in the presence of B Ramanath Rai, former minister and DKDCC president. Rai, embarrassed, was hard pressed to explain the situation to the media.He shrugged off the incident, describing it as a \"minor misunderstanding\" over sharing of public address system in the overcrowded DCC office and one which to no significance should be attached.Youth Congress workers were most vocal in the manner in which party leadership ushered in Lobo, who took voluntary-retirement route to join active politics. Reports of TV channels projecting Lobo as the potential candidate caused heartburn among Ivan's supporters and they had no qualms in making their displeasure known to Rai. \"We have nothing against Lobo, but the party cannot roll out the red carpet to anyone,\" they pointed.Later, Rai said that it is a matter of pride that a person of the stature and integrity of Lobo had chosen to join the party, and any decision on giving him a role in electoral politics at a later date is left to the party high command. \"Lobo has joined the party with no pre-conditions,\" Rai said, adding that party leadership, at the same time, will not overlook aspirations of loyal party workers at a time when it reaches out to those who would add value to the party.Lobo said democracy can thrive only when individuals join political parties and make their contribution to bring about change from within, than stay aloof and crib. Acknowledging his run-ins with politicians during his career as a bureaucrat, Lobo said as an official, one can do as much as the rules permit and it is this very understanding of the functioning of the system that would stand him in good stead in his new avatar as a Congress party worker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15245296", "title": "There's a lot in a name: Remembering a kotwal", "text": "\"What is in a name\", the bard of Avon famously quipped four centuries ago and we are still contemplating on the right answer to this seemingly simple query. Unfortunately, for Hyderabad and its denizens, post independence it has more often been \"deny thy father, refuse thy name\" as survival under the changed regime required alienation from all things identifiable with the old order. As a result aspects related to heritage, culture and the glorious past were best kept firmly locked up in memory.It was thus a pleasant surprise to note that a true-blue Hyderabadi is to be acknowledged by the present day rulers for his services to the city and its populace in times gone by. The welcome proposal of naming the Andhra Pradesh Police Academy (APPA) after a stalwart of the Nizam's administration, Raja Bahadur Venkatrama Reddy, will hopefully be a first towards removing the marked bias against old Hyderabad and its icons by successive governments of Andhra Pradesh.All earlier recognition afforded to eminent personalities of Hyderabad has been restricted to just those linked in some way to the Indian National Congress . Even in those cases the illustrious personalities often played second fiddle to the in-exhaustible list of the Nehru-Gandhi family members before being considered for the honour. The limits to which groveling Congressmen can fall are amply evident in the fact that almost all city parks have been named after their ilk. The process which started with the Jawaharlal Nehru Zoological Park went full circle through Indira Park and Feroz Gandhi Park (the absolute limit of sycophancy!) before culminating in the Chacha Nehru Park at Masaiba Tank.Along the way 'stalwarts' of Andhra Pradesh like Sanjeevaiah, Brahmananda Reddy and Vegal Rao were also suitably recognized with their very own green spaces, but never were the legendary personalities of old Hyderabad considered for such recognition. Come to think of it, quite a few of the christenings gave rise to doubts as to whether they were sincere efforts at commemorating a late lamented leader or the tongue-in-cheek satire of some disgusted administrator who was forced to accept the dictates of overbearing netas; consider the case of the Marri Chenna Reddy Institute for instance, it is touted as a centre for 'good governance'!Raja Bahadur Venkatram Reddy (1869-1954), was born at Rayanpet, a village in the Wanparthy Samasthan of the erstwhile Hyderabad state. His father held a minor fief in the Gadwal Samasthan and had married a niece of Raja Rameshwar Rao I of Wanparthy. Having lost his parents in infancy, he was placed under the guardianship of an uncle, Captain William Wahab, who was then serving as superintendent of police at Raichur. When Wahab died, his successor Nazar Mohammed Khan took over as guardian and between them these two upstanding officers seem to have left a lasting impression on Venkatram Reddy who chose to follow in their footsteps joining government service in the capacity of a court inspector when still in his teens.Making up for his diminutive physique with extraordinary zeal and dedication to service, the youngster soon found a mentor in A C Hankin, the first director general of police of Hyderabad state under whom he served for almost 22 years, rising to the rank of DSP in charge of Atraf-e Balda or the city suburbs. It is while he was serving in this post that his services were requisitioned for the city police by the then Kotwal or commissioner of the metropolitan constabulary, Nawab Imad Jung Bahadur, whom he served as first assistant. He succeeded to the post following the Nawab's death in harness in 1920 and remained at the helm for 14 long years until his eventual retirement in 1934 at the age of 65, ten years past the then official age of retirement for Hyderabadi civil servants.During his tenure as Kotwal-e Balda, Venkatrama Reddy built up on his reputation as a just and honorable officer, kind to the populace, always helpful to the needy, yet stern in putting down any dissent or disturbance against the state and monarchy. His exemplary tact in diffusing the gravest of crises as in the case of the attack on the Residency Court and the firmness with which he contained the non-cooperation and khilafat movements, earned him the gratitude of his monarch who responded with conferring on him the title of Raja Bahadur.After his retirement Raja Bahadur served his sovereign in administering the Sarf-e Khas or private estate. His tenure as Kotwal remains unparalleled to date in terms of maintaining law and order without the undue use of harsh measures in enforcement; a lesson to be learnt by the present day constabulary which has alienated itself from the masses.It is encouraging to note that the administration has finally woken up to the glaring lapses in recognizing the services of the original Hyderabadis to the state and its people.(The writer is a heritage activist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15247096", "title": "Another tigress dies, now in Kanha", "text": "BHOPAL: One more feline died in world famous Kanha Tiger Reserve (KTR) on Saturday, taking the big cat deaths to three in last five days in Madhya Pradesh - which had lost its tag of tiger state to Karnataka last year.\"The tigress was found gasping for breath in the morning by a patrol party in Kisli range. Elephants and staff rushed to be spot for rescue it but it died,\" KTR field director J S Chauhan told TOI.He said the circumstantial evidence doesn't suggest that the tiger was poached by poisoning. \"We are waiting for the post-mortem report,\" Chauhan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15246847", "title": "Health boost for poor patients in state", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government on Saturday announced to empanel private hospitals for reimbursing cost of treatment to below poverty line (BPL) patients from the Odisha State Treatment Fund (OSTF). At present, the fund is available to patients seeking treatment in government hospitals only.According to a health department release, the government will sign agreements with around a dozen hospitals in the state and four each in Andhra Pradesh and Chhattisgarh to make them referral hospitals. Cost of BPL patients referred to these hospitals from government hospitals will be borne by the Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojana (RSBM) and STF. After getting the return from RSBM, private hospitals will send the differential bill to the director medical education and training (DMET) for reimbursement.The pre-condition to avail benefits under STF, the patients have to referred ones and not those directly taking admission in the corporate hospitals, except in case of emergency. DMET PK Das said as per Supreme Court guidelines, these hospitals will continue reserving 10 per cent beds for BPL patients and treat 25 per cent BPL at the outdoors free of cost, for which the government will not make any reimbursement. However, for patients other than these, the government will work under the new arrangement.Not everybody is convinced with the initiative. \"It is a conspiracy. The private hospitals are following only in pen and papers the apex court September 2011 order and their own commitment to the state government of providing free treatment to poor. They will forge and inflate bills,\" said Rabi Behera, Samajwadi Party state unit president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15243036", "title": "SSGMSS not ready for talks yet with VCA", "text": "NAGPUR: The imbroglio between the Vidarbha Cricket Association (VCA) and the Shri Sant Gajanan Maharaj Shikhshan Sanstha (SSGMSS) Shegaon seems to be a classic case of miscommunication.First, the VCA officials didn't pay heed to SSGMSS's advice which could have saved them a lot of money. Then, the Shegaon-based trust completely froze the communication lines.According to sources, the VCA president tried to resolve the issue but didn't get any response from SSGMSS managing director Shrikant Patil.It all started last October when the lawyers of VCA and SSGMSS were working on the clauses of Memorandum of Understanding for the lease of the land for a residential academy on the trust's land for 30 years.\"Patil said that the SSGMSS doesn't want to continue with the contract. He cited no reasons but asked for a statement for the amount VCA had spent. They agreed to pay back the money,\" a VCA member told TOI.Sources also said VCA officials were continuously trying to get in touch with SSGMSS officials from March this year. \"Our president called them several times but there was no response. In June we sent a letter to Patil seeking an appointment yet they were silent,\" he said.Prior to the last executive meeting, Dixit decided to go to Shegaon. \"The trust officials said Patil will not be in town even though we knew he would be in Shegaon. Dixit, the legal committee and district committee chairman Nitesh Upadhyaya reached Shegoan but Patil insulted them by refusing to meet them,\" he said.\"This is absolutely baseless. I was busy with UGC interviews and hence had told them of my non-availability. I had nothing to discuss with them as my experts were yet to examine the work done on the ground,\" Patil said.The sanstha MD said he is ready to talk but \"on our terms\". \"Our experts will evaluate the work and give an assessment of the expenditure,\" said Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15246876", "title": "Save the site", "text": "Alagappasamy has been living in Mamallapuram for the past 45 years. But the carpenter has visited the monuments at the UNESCO world heritage site only rarely. \"I don't find them interesting as I don't know anything about them,\" he says.Many residents of this historic town are unaware of its significance and consider it to be just another tourist spot. Maruthu, a driver, has dropped many tourists at Mamallapuram but has never seen the majestic five ratha sculptures. \"Many tourists visit but I don't have the time to see the place,\" he says.It is this lack of awareness of the local heritage that prompted residents to protest against the Archaeological Survey of India's (ASI) proposal to take over the Sri Sthalasayana Perumal temple. About 3,000 residents blocked a stretch on the East Coast Road as they feared that they would lose the right to construct or repair houses if ASI took over the 7th century temple.Heritage experts feel that such incidents occur due to fear and lack of awareness. According to them, if people in Mamallapuram were involved in conservation and derived an income from it, then they would have supported the initiative.\"We need to chart out a plan by which jobs can be generated for locals through conservation. It will help preserve the monuments,\" says K Thyagarajan, a retired guide.S Swaminathan, founder of the Tamil Heritage Trust (THT), an organisation of heritage lovers, feels that Mamallapuram can be made into a model heritage village. \"Residents are not aware of the treasures they have. We can create interest by creating livelihood options,\" he says. \"Villagers can be trained to become guides and taught to make curios. Morning and evening cruises can be organised ,\" says Swaminathan , who has conducted various training programmes for locals. Tamil Nadu has nearly 100 sites that can be developed with local participation.In many countries , public participation is the key to conservation. Indonesia's Yogyakarta is a halting point for tourists visiting Borobudur and Prambanan temples. It is now the second most popular destination in Indonesia , thanks to the work done by the government in promoting vending activities. Selling curios to tourists was the main occupation of the locals but it was not profitable until the government issued licences to them. Now, they have two organisations for the welfare of the vendors. J Chandrasekharan of REACH Foundation, a Chennai-based NGO, says it's difficult to implement such ideas here.\"Our monuments are owned by either the ASI or the state archaeology department,\" he says. This leads to lack of co-ordination and inordinate delays. \"A holistic approach to create livelihood options for people will work only if there is an independent agency to call the shots,\" he says, adding that there should be an appellate agency to implement the projects. R Venkatraman , a heritage expert, has been trying to bring about change at Kazhugumalai, a heritage spot 22km from Kovilpatti in Tirunelveli. Known for the Kazhugachalamurthy temple, Jain caves and Our Lady Lourdes Mary RC church, it attracts many tourists.\"I started asking villagers to keep the surroundings clean in 2004. Initially, it was difficult, but later they kept the place clean,\" says Venkatraman.Though Kazhugumalai can be developed with more public participation, it requires extra effort than what can be done in Mamallapuram. \"The proximity to Chennai gives Mamallapuram an advantage,\" says Venkatraman.According to Thyagarajan, Pudukottai is another place that can benefit from such efforts. Swaminathan says THT has not received government help. \"We have ideas for Mamallapuram but the officer who sanctioned our plan was recently transferred,\" he says.Sources at the tourism department say that it is difficult to implement new plans without government support. \"The tourism department can support such efforts in Mamallapuram and Pudukottai. If they work, then the same thing can be tried in other areas,\" says an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15245239", "title": "Children with muscular dystrophy fly high for a change", "text": "COIMBATORE: A kite-flying event was held for children with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (DMD) and Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA), both diseases which weaken the muscles making them eventually immobile, at the CODISSIA grounds on Saturday evening. Around 36 children with the two disorders participated in the event.Dr BR Lakshmi, who runs Molecular Diagnostics, Counselling, Care and Research Centre (MDCRC), an NGO which works with children with both disorders, says these are genetic disorders which eventually make the affected children immobile. \"This usually comes to note when the children are three years. They fall without any reason and cause injury. The issues become serious as they grow and later are bound to wheelchairs,\" she said. What she did not want to say was that this has no cure and that many of them will not be alive after 20 or 25 years.There are more than 1,500 such children in South India, she says. Most of this is caused due to marriages among close relatives, she says. At the same time, there are incidents even among those who are not married among relations. They conduct outings and recreational programmes for children like these, she added.Most of them who were in the age group of 5 to 20 years were on wheelchairs. Many of them could join in making kites, but found it hard to hold the kites firmly in their hands. R Jayanthi, a housewife at Kalapatty area, brought her son R Shriram who stopped studying at class 4. \"He was good at studies. But as he fell down too frequently, he had to stop going to classes,\" she says.At the same time, most of them who are from middle class backgrounds, said they needed more government support. N Saravanan from Neelambur, whose 14-year-old son is affected by DMD says the government should take steps to provide vaccines to children like his. \"There are vaccines which can be of relief for these children. But the costs are much more than we can bear,\" he says. Moreover, this is a problem which demands the attention and constant service of both parents. So they are unable to go for work and earn for a living, say parents like him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15244215", "title": "Scamster held in Rs 4.65cr ponzi case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of state criminal investigation department (CID) officials arrested Abdul Mubin Shaikh, 40, from Surat on the basis of a tip-off on Friday evening. Shaikh was brought to Ahmedabad on Saturday for interrogation.Shaikh and two others, promoters of Shams Investment Pvt Ltd, have been named in Rs 4.65 crore cheating case. Shaikh, a resident of Jamalpur, was on the run since January this year after his name surfaced in a multi-crore Ponzi scam. Umar Mustafa Saiyad, a resident of Juhapura, filed a complaint with Navrangpura police in November 2011 against Shaikh, Ashraf Pathan and Abdul Feroze Haider, both residents of Juhapura, for cheating.\"Saiyad alleged that the promoters of Shams, located at Chinubhai Tower on Ashram Road, had promised 15% returns on the investment every month and had also encouraged the depositors to become agents to get extra profit. Due to the lucrative offer, more than 50 persons invested in various schemes and lost their money. While Abdul was arrested earlier, a red corner notice has been issued against Ashraf, who is suspected to have fled to Dubai ,\" said a CID official.Officials said that they are now trying to get the details of accounts operated by Shaikh in the country and abroad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15245505", "title": "Patna goes green this Sawan", "text": "PATNA: The city seems to have gone green this 'Sawan' as most of the girls and their moms are shopping for green items. Not only the sale of green clothes has picked up recently but also accessories like bangles, sandals, clutches, bands, nail paints and bags are flying off the shelves.Nirmala Tiwari, an advocate who was looking for green bangles at Patna Market, told TOI, \"I have been searching for green bangles at every shop here, but not getting any of my choice. It seems I shall have to do with the leftover pieces.\"Shivesh Gupta, a shopkeeper at Patna Market, said, \"Since 'Sawan' is nearing its end, almost all green products have been sold and hence, we are not able to meet the demand of our customers. JB Arora, a cosmetics shopowner at Patna Market, also said, \"We are facing an acute shortage of green nail paint.\"Abhishek Kumar, selling bangles at Alankar Complex, Boring Road, said, \"We had to order more new stock of green bangles in view of the increasing demand.\"A sari and suit shopowner at Khaitan market, Ramesh Kumar , said, \"We have brought exclusive range of lehnga, saris and suits. This year, net lehnga with American diamond embroidery are much in demand and ladies are going for different colours mixed with green.\"Sadhna Singh, buying a suit at Boring Road, said, \"I have bought a white suit along with a green dupatta to wear during the 'Sawan' events.Most of the cosmetics shopkeepers report a rise in demand for green hair accessories. \"Every day more than 20 ladies come to me looking for green clutches, bands and hair bands,\" a shopowner said.\"This season I want to go green, hence I have bought a green suit with matching band, bag and sandals. My mother's friends are organizing 'Sawan milan', where all of us would be wearing green dresses. My friends and myself are looking for green products only,\" said Priya Singh, a student of Magadh Mahila College.'Sawan' and 'mehndi' have an unbreakable relation. No wonder, women and girls are making a beeline for 'mehndiwalas' at various markets of the city. \"Most of the ladies prefer full hand mehndi which costs Rs 100 to Rs 200, while girls go for small Arabic 'bel',\" said Pradeep Kumar, a 'mehndiwala at Khaitan Market.\"I have to go to office and mehndi does not go with the professional look required there, but since I cannot resist myself from applying mehndi, I am wearing a 'bel' only,\" said Ritika Srivastava, who works at a private bank. A school student, Kirti Shahi, said, \"We are not allowed to have mehndi or nail paints, so I'm just having a 'bel' on the inner palm which I can hide at the time of checking in school.\"\"The number of ladies looking for mehndi is expected to increase in days to come as most of them prefer having them a day before 'Raksha Bandhan' or 'Hariyali Teej',\" said a 'mehndiwala', Raju Mandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "virudhunagar (tn)", "code": "15246756", "title": "Girl hospitalised as teacher beats her for not reading aloud", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR (TN): A seven-year-old girl student of a private school here was hospitalised after being beaten by her class teacher for not reading her English lesson aloud in class.The girl's mother got to know of the incident from the school bus driver when he called her to take her daughter from the vehicle, police said.The child then told her mother that the teacher had beaten her with a ruler because she did not read aloud in class.The girl was admitted to a hospital last evening. Police have registered a case against the woman teacher on a complaint from the girl's father.He alleged that the principal had not taken any action against the teacher despite parents bringing the incident to her notice and instead asked them to give a written complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15245572", "title": "Ford Foundation alumni return to roots", "text": "PATNA: The wind of change in the state has induced several eminent persons to return to their roots in recent times. Now, it is the turn of Ford Foundation International Fellowship Programme, Bihar chapter, alumni as they have decided to contribute to the changing positive climate in the state.In a meeting held here on Friday, 15 alumni of the Bihar chapter of one of the most influential foundations of the world decided to come back and serve the state. These alumni have done fellowship in various US and UK universities.Talking to TOI, Ford Foundation International Fellowship Programme director Vivek Mansukhani, who had come here from Delhi to attend the meet, said out of 25 Bihar alumni, 15 have decided to pursue their work in the field of social justice and empowerment in their home state. While many of them are associated with various NGOs, others work with development media or as consultant to the government for social welfare programmes.\"The alumni while pursuing their degrees in the universities of the US and the UK had a lot of international exposure. Now they are individually working in fields like education, health, media and other development sectors,\" Mansukhani said.One of the alumna, Neena Sharma, who did MS in public health (international) from University of Leeds, UK, and is now working as nutritional expert with Swasth, an organization which has been working in coordination with the state social welfare department, said: \"I had the opportunity to work outside the state, but I wanted to use all my experience for the welfare of people of my state among whom I have been working since long.\"Neena added she would try her best to convince people, particularly those who face problems, like she faced, in pursuing higher studies.The meet was also attended by state rural development minister Nitish Mishra, Asian Development Research Institute member secretary Saibal Gupta, Magadh Mahila College sociology teacher Renu Ranjan and Internal Programme Initiatives director Anindo Banerjee of an NGO, Praxis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15246575", "title": "The pig challenge", "text": "HUBLI: Lack of clarity and varied opinion among HDMC authorities on the measures to tackle stray pig menace in the twin cities has put mayor Pandurang Patil's 'shoot-at-sight' order on the backburner.Two weeks ago, the mayor set the ultimatum for the launch of the drive to cull stray pigs in Hubli and Dharwad and also passed on instructions to HDMC commissioner Y S Patil and other officials.However, the commissioner and HDMC officials have not made any arrangements to carry out the drive.When TOI contacted commissioner Patil he said the animal protection laws of the land need to be taken into consideration before implementing the mayor's orders.\"We have to consider the Cruelty Against animals Act and take permission of the government before implementing the operation. Only if the government gives us the go-ahead to cull stray pigs, will we embark on the drive.\"But mayor Pandurang Patil sees nothing wrong in shooting down stray pigs as they have been posing a threat to residents, especially children. Speaking to TOI he said: \"It is painful to see pigs attacking children. The HDMC had carried out a shoot-at-sight drive a few years ago. If it was possible then, why it is not possible now? Has the law changed suddenly?\"Regarding the commissioner citing legal hurdles in implementing the mayor's order, the mayor asked: \"If law is coming in the way of killing stray pigs, then what measures are the officials taking to drive pigs out of the city limits and save innocent children from pig attacks?\"About the measures taken, the commissioner pointed out that the pig owners were given two days time to take their livestock off the roads. \"But the time limit is not sufficient. They need more time. They have begun the process and we expect that in a month stray pigs will be taken away from the city limits.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15245977", "title": "Brihan Maharashtra Mandal education meet in US to promote joint initiatives", "text": "PUNE: The Brihan Maharashtra Mandal (BMM), an apex body of 42 Marathi community organizations in the US, plans to hold an education conference for promoting joint academic initiatives between Indian and US higher education institutions, as part of its biennial convention scheduled for July next year in Boston, US.A day-long brainstorming session, involving the heads and representatives of 30 prominent higher education institutions from Pune and Mumbai, was conducted by the BMM on Saturday to identify the priority areas for deliberation during the education conference. Symbiosis International University vice-chancellor Bhushan Patwardhan and MIT group of institution's executive director Sunil Karad were among the prominent figures, who attended the session.\"We (BMM) have been holding our convention every two years in US and the same regularly features talented artists and socially influential people. For the next convention, we decided to include education and allied issues as part of this event,\" BMM's convenor Bal Mahale, who is also an alumnus of Fergusson College, told reporters after the session. \"The opportunities of collaboration between Indian and US institutions of higher learning have increased exponentially in the last one decade. However, there is no proper forum where representatives from either countries can engage in a fruitful discussion resulting in materialization of such collaborations, \" said Mahale.\"The BMM aims at utilizing the expertise, influence and services of non-resident Indians based in the US to serve as a bridge between the universities and institutions in India and US,\" he said. \"Today's session was primarily aimed at seeking a feedback on the expectations from Indian institutions,\" Mahale said.Mahale said some of the key areas identified for deliberations include the need to promote India as a higher education destination for students in the US, enhancing faculty-student exchange programmes, collaborations in research and entrepreneurship for generation of revenue from research at the university level and exchange of ideas for joint academic projects.\"We plan to conduct a delegation of 50 to 60 representatives of Indian higher education institutions for the Boston event next year. The idea is to get these representatives to engage in a dialogue with some of the leading institutions in Boston as well as representatives of the US government,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15244999", "title": "Fishing boat capsizes off Colva", "text": "MARGAO: A fishing boat with 12 crew members capsized at Colva on Saturday. No casualties were reported.\"At 7.25 am, approximately 300m right of the Colva tower, a fishing boat with 12 crew members ventured into sea. As the boat was crossing the surf zone, the engines stopped resulting in the boat broaching and then capsizing about 150m from the shore.The incident report stated that the boat was being continuously monitored by two life guards who raised an alarm when it capsized and a jetski was launched from the tower.The lifeguards secured six of the crew members with help of the jetski, and one with a rescue tube. The other five crew members swam to shore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "seetampet (srikakulam)", "code": "15243152", "title": "Tribals observe bandh in Seetampet", "text": "SEETAMPET (SRIKAKULAM): The tribal agency area of Seetampet in Srikakulam observed a bandh on Saturday in protest of the alleged high-handedness of the police personnel when they prevented a group of protestingtribals from laying siege to the CM convoy.The bandh call was given by the Kannedhara Konda protection committee.The protesters alleged that they were beaten up and lathicharged by the cops.The tribals of Seetampet have been agitating for the past two years against the granite mining lease on Kannedhara Konda given to minister Dharmana Prasada Rao's son Manohar Naidu.Shops and commercial establishments remained closed in Seetampeta agency while vehicular traffic including private and RTC buses stayed off the roads.The opposition parties BJP, Lok Satta, CPI, CPM and TDP extended their solidarity to the tribals bandh.The tribals are demanding that the chief minister announce his stand on the mining lease on Kannedhara Konda that was given to Dharmana's son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15242338", "title": "Soon, get Mumbai\u2019s civic information at the click of a mouse", "text": "MUMBAI: Statistics of slums in Mumbai or available open space, playgrounds, garbage, sewerage, information on city taxes, revenue collected by the BMC and other such vital information related to Mumbai will be available online by the end of the year.The BMC has initiated a move to set up a separate cell for a scientific data centre and will be the country's first corporation to have an independent department for figures.Mumbai municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte said, \"The aim of having a dedicated statistics cell is to build a firm and broad data bank for the corporation. The statistics will also be useful for all plans and policy formulation.\" Kunte said, \"Once the statistics cell starts functioning, such data will be available at the click of a mouse. The information compiled by the BMC will be in downloadable format so that any citizen can access the info.\"Abhay Pethe, professor of urban economics at Mumbai University, said lack of data always affects planning and policies of the city. \"Mumbai is major driver in the MMR region. Collecting scientific data of Mumbai will be of great help to the administration for addressing the issues of the city,\" Pethe said. \"The information will be also useful to political parties as the availability of key records will lead to a healthy debate on the floor of the House,\" Pethe added.Kunte said two to three meetings have been conducted for setting up the statistics cell. \"In order to have scientific data of the city, the BMC has decided to take the help of experts from stastical institutes,\" Kunte said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15245446", "title": "RKDF University, NITTTR sign MoU for academic enhancement", "text": "BHOPAL: A memorandum of understanding (MoU) was signed between the National Institute of Technical Teachers Training and Research (NITTTR), Bhopal and RKDF University, Bhopal, on Friday for academic collaboration for research between the two organizations. The memorandum was signed by Dr Vijay Agrawal Director NITTTR and Dr G Singh, vice chancellor RKDF University. The MoU is valid for three years which can be renewed for a further period with the consent of both the parties. The NITTTR will provide research facility to PhD students of the RKDF University. Both institutes will exchange their facility of lab, library and also scientific and technological information to each other, a press release said.BE counseling: The second round of BE on-line off-campus counseling will be organised from August 8 to 17. According to directorate of technical education, students can also verify their documents in the same period on the weekdays. Besides, students can also make on-line preference and choice filling in between August 8 to 17. Availability of allotment letters of locked choices and reporting at the colleges will be done from August 22 to 27.Anil Kumar awarded PhD: Barkatullah University, Bhopal, awarded PhD to Anil Kumar M B for his research in education on \"A study of academic and infrastructural input, learner characteristics, achievement and placement of scheduled caste students of residential schools of Madhya Pradesh. He completed his research under the supervision of Dr Anil Kumar Professor, TTTI.Collection of poems: Madhya Pradesh technical employees welfare association and S V Polytechnic jointly released the collection of poems 'Sach kee Parchhayian' at a function organised at the polytechnic campus on Saturday. On the occasion, teachers and students were present.ABVP rally: Akhil Bhartiya Vidhyarthi Parishad (ABVP) will organise a protest rally on July 31 against the ethnic violence in Assam. ABVP has alleged the intruders from eastern borders have been responsible for violence in Assam. \"Such incidents can affect peace and harmony in the country,\" ABVP's national secretary, Umesh Dutt alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15244024", "title": "Selection delay: Governor to seek CM's explanation", "text": "BANGALORE: Upset by the delay in appointing a Lokayukta, governor HR Bhardwaj said he'd soon seek an explanation from chief minister Jagadish Shettar. \"I'll summon the CM to the Raj Bhavan after the legislature session concludes and seek the reasons for the delay in appointing the Lokayukta. The high court has said the process should have been initiated. This (appointment) has to be expedited,\" he told reporters on Saturday when asked why he, as constitutional head, couldn't take the lead on the issue. When contacted, Shettar, who was in Koppal, said the appointment will be done very soon and every procedure followed while making the appointment.The Karnataka High Court had warned it won't hesitate to recommend to the governor there is a breakdown of constitutional machinery if the government continues to be \"recalcitrant\" in appointing the Lokayukta. The division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen had observed that despite the absence of Lokayukta, its police were doing a good job.The government has been unable to appointment a Lokayukta ever since Justice Shivaraj V Patil resigned in September 2011 following allegations of violating rules while owning residential sites. The government explanation for delaying the appointment is that a Special Leave Petition is pending before Supreme Court challenging the Karnataka High Court's order on quashing Upalokayukta Chandrashekaraiah's appointment.Rebuts chargesBhardwaj, also chancellor of universities, said he hadn't appointed a single Brahmin as vice-chancellor of any university. At the inauguration of Karnataka State SC/ST Library Professionals Association, he said he had to fight for appointing persons from under-privileged classes for VC's posts. Higher education minister CT Ravi on Friday said V-Cs are being appointed on the basis of caste and power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15243960", "title": "Guesthouse owner shot at in Sector 11", "text": "NOIDA: A 56-year-old businessman was shot at by two men in the Jhundpura area of Sector 11. The man, Dharmveer Singh Chowdhary, sustained bullet injuries in the stomach and the shoulder.Singh runs two guesthouses in Sector 11 and 12. He also owns two schools - one is located in Sector 22 and another in Greater Noida. The incident took place around 6pm on Saturday. The assailants arrived on foot and opened fire at Singh while he was in his car, outside his Sector 11 guesthouse. They escaped on a bike they snatched from a passerby which was abandoned later.\"Around 5.30pm a man armed with guns blocked my way asking me to stop. No sooner had I stepped down, he snatched the bike and drove away. I reported the matter to the police who informed me later that my bike had been found near the Sector 11 police post,\" the passerby said.Cops reached the spot and rushed Singh to the hospital. \"He is out of danger now,\" said Praveen Kumar, senior superintendent of police, Gautam Budh Nagar.Police said that it is a case of personal enmity resulting from a property dispute. \"The victim has named five people against whom an FIR has been registered,\" said Kumar. \"There is already a pending litigation on the issue. We are investigating the matter, \" Kumar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15247012", "title": "\u2018Atrocities on women, a bitter truth of 21st century\u2019", "text": "NAGPUR: India has always emerged as an irony that worships most number of Goddesses as a part of its pantheon and still treats women as second class citizens. Another irony is that our ancestors were perhaps more progressive when it came to gender equality, providing a safe and secure environment to women, opined MP Smriti Irani.Irani was invited to speak on the topic 'Atrocities on women in the 21st century' at a lecture organized by the city branch of Indian Medical Association. The lecture was followed by a talk on 'Garbhasanskar' by Dr Sushma Deshmukh and psychiatrist Dr Sushil Gawande spoke about stress management in day to day life.\"Despite all the progress we boast of, the position of women in our country is nothing to be proud of. This is our way of bringing this topic before public consciousness,\" said Dr Harish Chandak, president of IMA Nagpur. Dr Ashish Disawal, secretary of IMA, Nagpur, agreed and said that it would also help doctors assess their responsibilities and role towards this important issue.Dean of NKP Salve Institute of Medical Sciences, Dr Subrajit Dasgupta believed that the fact that there is a need to discuss this topic is a failure not of the laws of the country but of every individual, including the medical fraternity.Irani believed that the responsibility to improve the situation lies not only on the shoulders of the authorities and social organization but also on the ordinary people, especially men.It is wrongly assumed that atrocities on women are prevalent in rural parts of the country. Additionally, our definition of offences include rape, molestation, violence but not starving a girl child or leaving her out in the cold to die. India ranks 67th on the World Hunger Index, faring worse than African countries like Uganda and Botswana. Women and girls are on the lowest rung of priority in terms of hunger in our country, Irani said. To prove this point, she pointed out that 55 per cent of married Indian women are anaemic.\"Two thousand years ago, Chandragupta wrote in detail about ways of preventing harassment of women at workplace. Today, the bill regarding the same issue is still pending in the Parliament. Chandragupta Maurya had women bodyguards but women in army are prohibited to go into the battlefield and have to fight for equality,\" contrasted Irani, wondering if our forefathers were more progressive than us.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15251449", "title": "Mumbai varsity's distance education admissions finally begins", "text": "MUMBAI: After a delay of few days, the University of Mumbai will finally begin admissions to Institute of Distance and Open Learning (IDOL) from July 30. Admissions to IDOL usually begins before July last week. This year the Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation Limited (MKCL) has not been given the task of conducting the admissions, which went online last year with their help. Instead, the admissions will be conducted by Mahaonline, a web service-enabled portal.The admissions to 14 programmes at IDOL also will be decentralised this year with the university assigning the task to over 20 of its affiliated colleges, in Mumbai, Thane and Raigad. These colleges will also act as study centres and will also conduct personal contact point (PCP) lectures for IDOL's students. Last year around 68000 students registered with IDOL.Students have to fill the form online after going through the details available on the website: www.mu.ac.in/idol or www.mahaonline.gov.in. After filling the online application form, students should take two print-outs and submit the same along with necessary documents to the admission centres.The admissions are on from July 30 to August 31. And students can also seek admissions from September 3-18 with a late fee of Rs 150.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15244540", "title": "Yoga guru Ramdev's peace advice to Modi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Yoga guru Baba Ramdev has termed the growing rift between former chief minister Keshubhai Patel and Chief Minister Narendra Modi as the tussle for power.\"My fight is to bring about a change in the attitude of the people and not for power. In Gujarat, the fight should be a fight for change, but it is a fight between the two to come to power. One person is not happy with the nature of the other and hence the fight,\" said Ramdev.He, however, gave a diplomatic answer, when asked about chief minister's move of giving away farm land for industries. \"I am yet to get a complete report about this issue, hence I cannot comment,\" said Ramdev.He further said that he was not going to support anyone who is found doing any thing wrong. \"Only after coming here, I got to know that the report of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India has also criticized the government for its land deals.\"Yoga guru was in the town to garner support for the rally to be held in Delhi on August 9. The rally is in support of his demand for bringing back black money stashed abroad. Earlier in the day, he addressed the workers in the city. Ramdev said that about 25,000 people are to attend the rally in Delhi. Ramdev said that the Indian administration has collapsed. \"The government has been freely distributing right for mining, water and forest to the people who are close to them. This uneven distribution has led to imbalance in the society,\" he said.\"First, it was the Britishers who looted the country and now it is the people from within the country who are looting the India's wealth,\" he said.He said that there is no partnership of common man and the present administrators of the country are corrupt and arrogant.Ramdev said that the agenda of the rally on August 9 is to support the next government but they should promise to bring back black money invested in foreign lands back to India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15254372", "title": "Prasanna-Sneha on a roll", "text": "While Kollywood has had film stars getting married in the fraternity, most of them seem to be conservative about their appearances after marriage. Prasanna and Sneha are breaking the norm and seem to be on a roll as far as their endorsements go.Right from the Aadi special advertisement that they did for a popular mobile chain, the couple has ensured that they're up and about doing more print and television advertisements.The couple also recently walked the ramp for Mumbai-based designer Riyaz Ganji, who made the couple sport beautiful maroon and gold creations from his latest collection.While the other K-Town couples like Ajith-Shalini or Suriya-Jyothika have been rather low-key after their marriages, it seems like Prasanna and Sneha are changing the trend. They're making the maximum in terms of endorsement deals and appearances. They also don't shy away from a little PDA, when they're seen together at lounges or in public events.With Sneha also proclaiming that she might not really take a break from her acting, it looks like this marriage might bring about a change in the Kollywood pairs. And from the number of deals the duo have signed on, it doesn't look like the advertisers are complaining about the change either.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15245360", "title": "Madhya Pradesh third in complaints to anti-ragging helpline", "text": "INDORE: Madhya Pradesh recorded third highest number of ragging related complaints on National Anti-Ragging Helpline in the period between June 2009 and May 2012. As per the figures revealed by the University Grants Commission (UGC)-appointed helpline to curb ragging menace, Uttar Pradesh tops the list of states with maximum of 307 complaints of ragging-related incidents. The state is followed by West Bengal with 200 complaints and Madhya Pradesh with a total of 115 cases.Figures show that a total of 1,403 complaints related to ragging were registered during three-year time period. Out of the total received complaints, 666 were related to engineering colleges while complaints from general colleges were 469. On being called on anti-ragging helpline number, one of the executives of the helpline said, \"On an average, we are receiving 5-6 complaints daily these days. As admission season has just finished, ragging complaints are pouring in.\"According to psychiatrists, more incidents are coming into light now than ever before due to increased awareness among the people.Dr Manish Jain, a psychiatrist with one of government hospitals, said, \"In professional colleges like engineering and medical, incidence of ragging is high in comparison to general colleges. Students have to be with the seniors for almost or more than five years.\"Youngsters should never hesitate in complaining against ragging and more awareness is required, he added.After the ragging incident of Aman Kachroo, a national helpline number 18001805522 was started where students and parents can register complaints against ragging.Students of medical colleges have also been found more 'rude' in terms of ragging.Colleges in Uttar Pradesh are at the top of the list of bad repute, logging 31 of the 153 complaints of ragging from medical colleges all over the country recorded by the helpline. Medical colleges in Madhya Pradesh come second with 15 incidents, followed by Karnataka from where students lodged 12 complaints.Recently, a high-profile case of Daly College student beating 10 students had come to light in Indore. As the news leaked, the school administration had to suspend the student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15246725", "title": "Shame of honours school jolts Panjab varsity", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University's crumbling honours school programme has finally drawn some attention of the varsity officials.PU vice-chancellor Arun Grover is slated to convene meetings with science faculty and students to take stock of the situation in the coming week. Speaking on the large number of re-appear cases in the honour school programme this year, Grover said, \"We need to look into the problems of students and teachers in the honour school at priority. If the honours school programme fails, the university will fail.\" He added that programme was among the first courses started by this university ever since the varsity's existence.Scores of students failed to clear their mandatory condition to graduate to next class this year in the integrated BSc and MSc courses.Over 117 students, who had compartment in one or more subjects, had asked university authorities to modify rules for them to go to MSc level. The issue evoked a series of protests in the last one week and following this, PU officials announced that the students' demand of changing criteria of passing to next class will be reduced to 90% credits from 100% credits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15244458", "title": "He threatened to fail girls in exams", "text": "BANGALORE: The Hindi teacher at Sangameshwara Vidya Kendra in Vijayanagar, who is absconding after he allegedly sexually harassed girl students, would threaten to fail them in examinations if they complained to their parents or the school management.\"His intentions were clear -- we could make out from his body language. When I refused saying 'I'm not a girl of that kind', he laughed and said 'What kind of girl are you then?' He would pinch our cheeks in public which was so embarrassing,\" one of the harassed girls (in Class 9) told STOI.A few days later, he allegedly confronted the girl in the staircase and warned her against complaining about him to anyone. \"When he said he'd fail me in exams, I got very worried and kept quiet. I started avoiding him. But he started misbehaving with other girls,\" she said.Special teamA special police team from Vijayanagar station went to Dobbespet and Kyatasandra on Tumkur Road. \"We discovered that Basavaraj is from Dobbespet and has some connection in Kyatasandra. It seems he had worked in some schools near Tumkur. We have to question his family members and other people too,\" a senior investigating official said.Backdoor escape?Police sources told STOI Basavaraj escaped through the back door when he saw social organizations and parents outside the school.\"Instead of informing police, parents did the mistake of gathering outside the school and that alerted Basavaraj. Otherwise, we would have arrested him by now,\" police sources said.ExpertspeakMany a time child wouldn't know if what's happening to her is good or bad. Such behaviour by a teacher can leave a negative impact on child's mind. Also, there's a chance that a child would grow up thinking there is nothing wrong if a teacher behaves like this and may learn something which is not appropriate for the society. Parents play an important role in teaching a child about a good touch and a bad touch. Child should be told that only parents can touch her body, no one else.Swarnalatha Iyer | child psychologist and counsellorEducationistspeakSuch people should not be allowed to escape. The school must take strict action against him, even dismiss him. With teachers behaving like this, it can affect a child mentally and she might develop a negative attitude towards school.AS Seetharamu | retired professor of education", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15246913", "title": "Moral policing: Mob brutalises revellers at Mangalore resort, 4 arrested", "text": "MANGALORE: In a shocking instance of moral policing, activists of the Hindu Jagarana Vedike (HJV) brutally attacked people partying at a resort on the city's outskirts on Saturday.At 7.30pm, around 50 HJV activists, who had got wind of the party at Morning Mist Resort at Padil, barged in and pushed around the revellers, including four women and as many men. A girl who tried to escape from their clutches was dragged back and thrashed.When the revellers pleaded that they were attending a birthday party, an HJV activist slapped one of them, who they had found without a shirt. Women revellers were slapped and jostled, too, forcing them to take cover in one of the rooms. The attackers tried to force the girls to show their faces to a TV crew that had already arrived there.The incident was reminiscent of a similar attack by Sri Rama Sene activists on a Mangalore pub on January 24, 2009.Four HJV activists have been arrested in connection with the incident, Mangalore police commissioner Seemant Kumar Singh said.\"Steps will be taken against the visual-media crew who connived with the attackers in going to the resort instead of informing police. We'll move the media regulatory body against them for creating a nationwide tamasha,\" he told STOI.Police whisked the revellers away to prevent further attacks. Deputy commissioner NS Channappa Gowda said he was not sure how many persons had descended on the resort.As news of the attack spread , locals gathered at the resort to condemn the authorities' failure to check such attacks. Police had to resort to a mild cane charge to disperse them.Chief minister Jagadish Shettar directed home minister R Ashoka to get a report on the attack. State Women's Commission chairperson C Manjula decried the attack and asked the government to punish the culprits.The mob attack found some supporters too. Corporator Mohan Padil, who arrived at the resort, demanded action against the revellers. Police evicted him. Jagadish Shenava, a local VHP leader, said the incident showed authorities had failed to stop \"indecent activities\" at private resorts. \"We have repeatedly informed the authorities concerned about such incidents,\" he said, but no action was taken. The deputy commissioner told STOI he had not received any complaint from anybody.Jagadish Karanth, state president of HJV, accused the police chief of allowing \"such incidents\" to go on unchecked.KL Ashok, state president of Karnataka Komu Souhardha Vedike, condemned the incident as \"yet an attack on human rights in the name of culture\".Times viewThe moral policing incident in Mangalore is most reprehensible. It's extremely sad that activists took the law into their hands and attacked women. The last time such a thing happened in a Mangalore pub there was widespread condemnation across the country and the government promised stern action and promised all measures to prevent a recurrence. Obviously, not enough has been done. The impunity with which attackers entered a homestay in the recent incident speaks volumes of their disdain for the law. It's imperative the government sends a strong message that won't be tolerated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15254078", "title": "Sushanth's new movie Adda Launched", "text": "Sushanth's new movie \"Adda\" was launched at Annapurna Studios in Hyderabad yesterday (July 28). This filmi get-together saw the entire Akkineni clan come together under one roof for the launch. Nag, with his chiseled new look, hogged all the limelight.The presence of ANR, Nagarjuna, Amala, Naga Chaitanya, Akhil, Supriya pumped up the star value of the event. Sushanth is playing the lead in the film while Shanvi is playing the female lead. The movie is directed by Sai Reddy, who earlier assisted Puri Jagannath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15247264", "title": "Madurai corporation fixes two month deadline to clean up Vaigai", "text": "MADURAI: As part of the 'Clean Madurai Campaign' (Masilla Madurai 2012), the city corporation has set itself a two-month deadline to clean up the banks of river Vaigai. Besides a clean up on both sides of the river bank, the corporation has also come up with a plan of implementing spot fines on persons littering garbage on the banks and deploying a special team of sanitary inspectors to monitor the cleanliness of the river banks.On Saturday, the corporation mobilised men and machinery to clean up the banks of the river Vaigai falling in all four zones of the corporation limits. Saturday has been announced as a mass cleaning day in the action plan of the city corporation and the Vaigai river banks were selected for this Saturday, corporation officials said. Mayor V V Rajan Chellappa inaugurated the mass cleaning at Obulapadithurai along with corporation commissioner R Nandagopal. He later inspected the cleaning works at Yanaikal Bridge, West Annathoppu and Arapalayam region.Addressing media persons during the drive, Rajan Chellappa said the corporation was taking up sanitation and drinking water issues as a priority and doing its best to work on the guidelines from the state government. The chief minister has announced an award for the best maintained corporation and Madurai city corporation is making a lot of effort to bag the award, he said.\"We are cleaning up both sides of the river, involving the workers from all four zones. We are involving both workers and machineries in this intensive cleaning programme. Within two months, the entire bank of the river will be cleaned and maintained neatly,\" he assured.\"As part of an awareness measure, the corporation will erect boards on the river bank warning the public not to litter the banks with garbage. Spot fine will be levied on persons littering in the banks and a team of sanitary inspectors will be involved in this task. The corporation will also repair the roads on the rivers bank and beautify the area,\" Chellappa said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15243193", "title": "DLF II turns sitting duck for burglars", "text": "GURGAON: There has been a spate of burglaries in DLF II in the past couple of days and there are two main reasons for it. The first is the gaps in the boundary wall very close to where the Rapid Metro construction is going on. In fact, the boundary wall has become so weak that due to the rain on Friday; it totally collapsed, proving a safe escape route for criminals.The second reason is the temporary hutments made by the Rapid Metro officials last week for the labourers, right outside the broken wall.Residents suspect that the labourers are committing the burglaries. And to their dismay, neither DLF nor Metro officials are paying attention to the residents' problems and are busy blaming each other. ,\"My house was burgled during the daytime on Thursday and the burglars took away two laptop computers, three mobile phones and some cash. The boundary wall has been in a shambles for the past nine months and anybody from outside can walk into our colony at will. I had lodged a complaint with the Rapid Metro authorities last year; but they have not done anything about it. I called DLF officials on Friday when the wall collapsed and still there has been no action from them,\" said Meghnad Mahata, an N-Block resident.His neighbour, Rajneesh Sharma, said that the houses in that lane got flooded on Friday. \"Apart from the thefts and security hazards we have been encountering for the past few days, the wall that collapsed on Friday resulted in rainwater entering our homes after the broken wall choked the drain. We want the authorities to build the wall again and restore the drainage system at the earliest.\"On its part, DLF said that it was not aware of the problem and none of the residents had approached them. While Rapid Metro officials said that no groundwork was taking place in the said area and therefore the problem was not because of them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15245369", "title": "Mahindra Satyam ends its litigations in US", "text": "HYDERABAD: After having been forced to cough up over $200 million in settlements over the last three years abroad, scam-hit Mahindra Satyam on Saturday said it had finally been successful in the settling the Aberdeen US lawsuit for US $12 million (Rs 66.7 crore) as against a total claim of over $68 million dollars.With this MSat has been able to settle all its litigations in the US. However, it still faces a lawsuit filed by Aberdeen Asset Management in a British Court in April this year seeking over $150 million in damages.In a filing to the stock exchanges on Saturday, MSat said it had entered into an agreement of settlement with Aberdeen Claims Administration Inc, which was the trustee for two trusts who were the purported assignees of legal claims against the company belonging to 20 investors who allegedly purchased the company's common stock and American Depository Shares prior to January 7, 2009, and sold such securities shortly thereafter. Aberdeen had alleged that the 20 investors suffered losses of US$ 68 million, the company said.\"The obligations incurred pursuant to the settlement are in full and final disposition of the action initiated by Aberdeen in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, subsequently transferred and currently pending in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York,\" the company said in the filing. The company said that under the settlement, it was required to deposit $12 million in an escrow account and that the settlement was subject to an appropriate consent order by the court that is yet to be delivered.While in February last year, MSat had settled out of court the US Class Action suit slapped by US-based investors of the company's ADS issue for $125 million, in April 2011 it settled its litigation with US SEC for $10 million.In December 2009, MSat had entered into a settlement with UK-based mobile payment solutions provider Upaid Systems for $70 million, but was later dragged to a US court again by Upaid over a dispute on payment of tax on the settlement amount, which was in January this year dismissed by the court.Satyam was hit by the worst fraud in India's corporate history after its founder B Ramalinga Raju confessed to cooking the company's books on January 7, 2009, sending the company's scrip plummeting. The company was later acquired by the Mahindras in April 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15245229", "title": "Government turns blind eye to land-grabbers", "text": "HYDERABAD: The probe, by Vigilance and Enforcement (V&E;) department, into encroachment on prime government land in survey No.57 at Shamshiguda near Kukatpally is still going on but the plot appears to have thickened with allegations that another piece of prime land in the same survey worth several crores of rupees has also been encroached upon.Sources said that some individuals have grabbed portions in the survey in question after claiming that it was actually private land falling under survey numbers 30 and 31. Sources said that the encroachers removed notice boards announcing that the 'land belongs to the government' and took possession of it with the help of a local elected representative.Interestingly, the land protection wing of Rangareddy district had a land survey done a few months back on the encroachments in survey No.57 by the additional director of survey settlement and land records who confirmed that 19 guntas had been encroached upon by some occupants of survey No.37. A copy of the report has also been sent to the vigilance department.Despite the blatant encroachment, revenue authorities have chosen to play mute spectators in view perhaps of the land-grabbers' alleged links with some political parties and an MLA.Survey No.57, which is in Balanagar mandal, has an extent of about 274 acres and revenue officials say that the plot has been classified as poramboke sarkari land. Pattas have been issued, since 1982, for 176 acres to various societies including Mahatma Gandhi Huts Development Society, Canon Weaker Section Society, Janambhoomi Society, Twin Cities Weaker Section Society. Some of the land is under a village while about 12 acres is in Amber Chervu. The land encroachments started 10 years back with records of patta certificates lost in a fire in 1998 at mandal office.Official sources said that of the 274 acres, 77.33 acres is vacant land. Of that space, 73 acres was made over to My Palace Mutually Aided Cooperative Housing Society as per a high court directive. The society has claimed that it purchased about 100 acres from Asmanjahis in survey No.57 although the revenue department maintains that it is government land.The 73 acres in question has been fenced off with the legal wrangles still continuing. While the controversy over 100 acres has been going on for several years, 27 acres were grabbed by some people who even constructed houses. \"Former tehsildar of Balanagar, Vanaja Devi, removed the encroachments in survey No.57 which is adjacent to survey nos 30 and 31and even erected six notice boards indicating that the land belonged to the government. However, the land-grabbers removed the boards and took possession of the land,\" B Narsimhulu, a local, said.When contacted, Balanagar tehsildar Balaiah, said: \"The problem is that the land under survey Nos 30, 31, which comprises about two acres patta land, is surrounded by land belonging to survey No.57, which is government land.\"Ever since the encroachment started, we asked higher officials to order a detailed survey of the land and have sought demarcation of the land in survey Nos 30 and 31. But that is yet to be done,\" the Balaiah said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15244286", "title": "Youth nabbed for bike theft", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City crime branch officials arrested a youth for stealing five bikes from Bapunagar. The youth said that he resorted to stealing bikes to fund his engineering education.Police identified the accused as Dharam Sarvaiya, 21, a resident of Gujarat Housing Board, Bapunagar. Sarvaiya was arrested by a team of officials led by inspector P I Solanki from Bapunagar crossroads on Friday night. As Sarvaiya, who was driving a bike, could not produce documents for the vehicle, he was detained. During his questioning, he confessed to having stolen the bike.\"His interrogation led to the recovery of two more bikes from his residence. Sarvaiya confessed that he had sold another two bikes to his friend Yagnesh Dabhi in Thasra of Kheda District. We sent a team to Thasra and recovered both the bikes. All the bikes were stolen from Bapunagar,\" said Solanki.Sarvaiya told cops that he is the fifth semester computer engineering student at a city college. His father earns Rs 7,000 per month. He had to pay Rs 10,000 towards his tuition fees, but he was reluctant to ask for money from his father who had to his siblings' education. \"He claims that the financial crunch compelled him to steal bikes. He had a special key which could open a specific company's bikes. However, he couldn't earn much as the buyer offered only Rs 1,200 for each bike,\" said Solanki.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15247327", "title": "Kamaraj memorial turns into Anna bashing event", "text": "MADURAI: Union ministers Jayanti Natarjan and G K Vasan have hit out at Team Anna for the hunger strike they have begun in New Delhi.Addressing party cadres at a public meeting organised to commemorate the 110th birth anniversary of Congress stalwart and late chief minister of Tamil Nadu K Kamaraj at Madurai, Jayanti Natarajan, union minister for environment and forests, lashed out at Team Anna stating that no force can destroy the Congress.\"Last year around the same time, a few people prophesised that the UPA government would collapse. This year, they have gathered at the same place and have announced a hunger strike. But they have lost the support of the people while the UPA government is intact. No force can destroy Congress,'' she said.Union shipping minister G K Vasan who did not name Anna Hazare and his team said people have taught a lesson to them, referring to the poor turnout at Team Anna's fast venue this time. \"One group has been criticising the Centre and the ministers. They dream to cheat the public. But their yearning for power and posting have been exposed now. People have taught them a lesson,'' he said.Union home minister P Chidambaram, however, spoke only about Kamaraj. Lauding the patriot in Kamaraj who took into account the welfare of the nation in all his decisions, Chidambaram urged the cadres to think and act as Indians. \"Kamaraj always thought about what was good for India. But now we have shrunk our spheres,\" he noted.The meeting at busy Mela Masi Street also turned out to be show of strength for the Congress party in Tamil Nadu, as besides the three union ministers a host of state leaders including TNCC president Gnanadesikan, AICC secretary K Jayakumar, former TNCC presidents K V Thangkabalu and Krishnaswamy, former union minister EVKS Ilangovan, Kumari Ananthan, party MPs and MLAs shared the dais.While recollecting the leadership qualities, efficiency, selfless hard work and achievements of Kamaraj, the Congress leaders also took the opportunity to laud Rahul Gandhi. Jayanti Natarajan emphasised that Rahul Gandhi's hand should be strengthened for the growth of the party. \"I wish to clarify that there are no factions in the party. The only leaders are Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi,\" she said.EVKS Ilangovan went a step ahead and urged that Rahul Gandhi be made deputy prime minister and party working president.Giving a clarion call to cadres to work for the rise of the party in state, Gnanadesikan said after the coming parliamentary session, Congress leaders would visit all villages in Tamil Nadu and hoist the party flag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15244464", "title": "Majestically by the Mahi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As many as 17,000 sq ft of an unadulterated commune, nay, romance with nature - that's how one could best describe the riverside house of Dr Parvindar Singh, Vadodara-based cardiologist.Serenity descends on you right from the time your vehicle rolls onto the snaking countryside of Sindhrot towards the bridge on the Mahi river. Once on the bridge, the house, a white structure on three levels, looms into view, just off Umeta village.\"Originally, I wanted to build a tree house on stilts rising to the tree tops,\" discloses the doctor, steering the wheels towards the leafy driveway. The self-professed fan of Phantom and Tarzan comics obviously wanted to have a slice of their life.While the uneven surface and boulders on the banks ruled out the tree house, friend and celebrated architect, Karan Grover stepped in to build another dream house for this fitness freak, motor-sport lover, swimmer and adventure sport buff.The exterior wall of the main house - a stone edifice - hides as well as hints tantalizingly at the beauty that lies beyond. A rectangular swimming pool is adjacent to the house and the quietly flowing expanse of the Mahi river.From this level, one can see Parvindar's love for water sports, in the form of a floating deck adorned with red sofas, a water scooter and a rowing boat latched to the narrow wooden jetty, all floating gently in the swaying water. \"Children from the school village often come down for a boat ride and I am only too happy to take them for a spin,\" Parvinder says.There is nothing depressing about the \"water, water everywhere\" here, as French windows, large sliding doors and expansive decks open out towards the riverside.The lower level accommodates a guest room. Next door is the gym - colourful and feisty with roof painted in orange and the walls in deep red. The second floor consists of his bedroom and a small kitchen which opens into a small deck meant for outdoor parties. Another room on the third level is where Parvindar indulges in his love for music. It has a DJ set, projector screen and multiplex-like seats replete with a revolving orb of psychedelic light.\"The constructed area comprises barely 10% of the total house and if one was to ignore the few walls, it allows unhindered access to the sight and sounds of water,\" says Parvinder, who has installed a waterfall in the swimming pool and a fountain in a patch adjacent to the drawing room.His bedroom on and DJ room have powerful telescopes meant for bird-watching since this spot of river, which has turned into a reservoir following construction of a check dam, invites hordes of birds every morning and evening.All we can say is, lucky are those who are this bachelor's friends.The Aha Moment!He calls it his 'tropical forest', a la, Phantom's jungle. The bamboo doors on one side of the circular drive-in entry to Parvindar's house give no hint of what lies behind a leafy entrance. But, two steps in and one is transported to the magic jungle with thick, exotic and wild plants. A stone pathway gradually ambles towards a hammock beside a small pool of water. \"Hopefully, by next monsoon, the growth here would be thick enough to hide any sign of the outside,\" says Parvinder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "15246637", "title": "Nilamber Pitamber University cancels exams at two Garhwa centres", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Nilamber Pitamber University has cancelled the Part III examinations held at GNS Mahila College and SSJ Namdhari College in Garhwa on July 18 after a judicial officer seized from the venues written materials used as unfair means in examinations.Controller of examinations Lal Girija Shanker Nath Shahdev said a notification had been issued in this regard. Although the university has not cited any reason for its decision, findings of a judicial officer on the conduct of the examinations is believed to be the reason for cancellation of examinations.A new date and venue for the cancelled examination will be announced soon.Principal district and sessions judge Garhwa S N Singh told TOI that B Oraon, a judicial officer who inspected two examination centres on July 18, found largescale use of unfair means. \"Two polythene bags containing written materials were seized by Oraon at the time of inspection. The court has preserved this as a concrete evidence of use of unfair means at the examination centers,\" he said.On Friday, NPU VC Firoz Ahmad and Shahdev met Singh in Garhwa and apprised him of the steps taken by the university to contain the use of unfair means in the examinations. On Thursday Pro-VC Ramesh K Pandey had also explained to him the steps being taken by the varsity.Sources said the judge communicated his sentiments of brining back the past sanctity of the examinations and said the judiciary would act as a watch body. He also suggested the VC to set up flying squads to check the menace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15244825", "title": "Kaiserbagh murder case cracked, 5 held", "text": "LUCKNOW: With the arrest of five more persons on Saturday, the police have cracked the Kaiserbagh dacoity and murder case. One accused had been nabbed earlier while the seventh gang member is on the run. The police also recovered jewellery and cash looted from the victim's house.The arrested persons were identified as Adil Qureishi, Amit, Arjun and Srikant Tiwari, all natives of Unnao, and Suhail, a native of Hardoi.However, the number of accused has exposed the police role which had tried to play down the incident as that of loot and murder, instead of dacoity and murder.On July 18 afternoon, more than half-a-dozen miscreants had killed Kamleshwari Srivastava, 67, injured her domestic help and decamped with cash and jewellery.Contrary to the police claim that killers had pushed Kamleshwari Srivastava, who fell on the ground and died of excessive bleeding, the accused said they had punched and slapped her and even tried to strangulate her.The told the police that the crime was committed on the tip off of Shakeel, who is absconding. Their another aide, Shanu, was arrested after the incident.On the day of incident, Shakeel and Adil stood guard outside Kamleshwari's house while five of them went inside. Three of them pushed the domestic help Prema on the floor and tried to strangulate her. But, while they were trying to kill Prema, Kamleshwari, who was in the other room, raised an alarm.The miscreants then pounced Kamleshwari and began hitting her. Following this, Kamleshwari fell on the ground and suffered a head injury. They tried to strangulate her but she had died by then. The accused then broke open an almirah and took out Rs 39,000 and jewellery kept in it.The money was taken by Shakeel who said it will be shared by Shanu too.The police have recovered Rs 3,200 and jewellery worth lakhs of rupees, circle officer Hridesh Katheria said and added that efforts were on to nab Shakeel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "15243961", "title": "Five arrested for circulating fake notes", "text": "AMRAVATI: City Kotwali police busted a gang engaged in circulating fake currencies and arrested five persons from a lodge on Friday night. Police seized Rs2.32 lakh which included fake currencies of Rs1.88 lakh. All the fake currencies are of Rs1,000 denomination. Those arrested are Iliyas Shaikh Altaf Shaikh, Sukku Shaikh Danish Shaikh, Mohd Shabir Sheikh Mohd Kaimmu Shaikh, Raju Mandal alias Thakurdas Mandal, Asara-ul-Shaikh Mazhar Shaikh.ACP Shrikant Mahajan said that all accused are residents of Malda village of West Bengal. They had arrived in the city in the wee hours of Thursday. They first came to Nagpur by train and from there they reached Amravati by bus and checked in at A-One lodge. Mahajan said that police also seized five mobile phones.The accused have circulated some fake currencies in local market. The fake currency recovered from accused are of 9BT, 9CD, 2AW and 7CL series. Police have appealed to citizen to contact them if they found any Rs1000 denomination note of these series.\"No local connection has come to fore in the case,\" Mahajan said.Mahajan said that police commissioner Ajit Patil has instructed all officers to keep a vigil on the lodges in the city. Hence as per CP's instruction a team of City Kotwali police station headed by police sub-inspector Prakash Kale, head constable Manoj Usarade, V Ramteke and Ishwar raided A-One Lodge and arrested the five persons. \"The police team found fake currency of Rs1.88 lakh and cash of Rs49,580. All the fake currency are of Rs1,000 denomination.\"Police are investigating into the case further to are after the kingpin of the gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15245283", "title": "IIT Kanpur backtracks, to take part in joint entrance examination 2013", "text": "KANPUR: A meeting of IIT Kanpur's senate decided on Saturday that it will not conduct its own entrance examination in 2013 and will take part in the Joint Entrance Examination (JEE).It was decided that the joint admission board's (JAB) recommendations arrived at and adopted by the IIT Council be accepted as an interim measure for JEE-2013, keeping in view the need to remove any uncertainty in the minds of students.The controversy of whether to conduct its own entrance examination in 2013 instead of participating in the JEE, or accepting the recommendations arrived at in the JAB meeting held on June 23 and adopted by the IIT Council on June 27 has been settled. The undergraduate admission committee, which was formed to conduct the entrance exam, was dissolved, a release issued by the institute said.It means that the IIT-K senate has accepted the compromise formula, which includes a proposal to take the top 20-30 students based on percentile ranking of respective boards for preparing the merit list.This formula had been worked out when the directors of all the IITs had met during the JAB meeting in Delhi on June 23. The percentile formula, replacing the proposed format of giving weightage to board results, has also been accepted during the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "15247197", "title": "Cobra worship attracts thousands to Angul village", "text": "ANGUL: Thousands of people from various parts of the state have been trooping into the tiny village of Palasha Bahali in Angul district to pay obeisance to a cobra, which has been living under a tree on the outskirts of the village, about 85 km from here under Kaniha police station.People are seen offering flowers, milk, and vermillion to the snake to invoke its blessings. \"The snake was first spotted by a woman of the village, who offered it flowers and milk. The snake didn't harm either her or anybody else. We even touched the snake while offering it milk, which it readily drank,\" said Madan Mohan Sahoo, a resident of the village. \"We have a strong belief that Lord Siva has come here in the form of this snake. We have now decided to build a temple in the honour of the snake,\" he added.Laxmi Sahoo, who first spotted the cobra, said, \"I offered it milk and flowers. The Naga devta didn't harm me. I have a strong belief that worshipping the snake will wash away all our sins.\"As the guest cobra basks in the attention, the non-descript village is on its toes to provide for the unprecedented number of devotees thronging it for a darshan of the snake. Makeshift shops have come in the vicinity almost overnight to cater to the visitors, among other arrangements to meet the needs of the sea of humanity. \"I have come here to have a darshan of the Naga devta. I offered milk and vermillion to it and I believe the Naga devta will bless me,\" said Ketaki Sahoo, a resident of Deogarh district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15254993", "title": "NTR Jr gifts Sreenu Vaitla", "text": "NTR Jr has gifted director Sreenu Vaitla an expensive watch while shooting for the film Baadshah in Italy.Gopimohan, one of the writers of the film wrote on a micro-blogging site \u2014 \"Baadshah Ntr gifted this lovely Breitling Watch to dir Sreenu Vaitla ji after finishing our talkie schedule &amp; in return Vaitla ji want to give a BlockBuster as a gift ...\". SS Thaman is composing the music for the film that's slated for a Sankranthi release in 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15245578", "title": "Assault on girl after resisting eve teasing bid", "text": "JAIPUR: A 16-year-old girl was thrashed after she resisted an eve-teasing bid by some unidentified youths at Atalbandh area in Bharatpur district on Saturday.According to sources, the girl, a student of Class 12, was returning home from tuition with her friends when some youths intercepted them.They passed lewd comments at the girls and started teasing them. The girl resisted their attempts at which two youths caught her and started beating her.She fell unconscious and the youths fled the spot. Her friends raised an alarm following which some passers-by rushed her to a government hospital.The incident occurred at 6 pm but till late night no FIR was lodged. When TOI contacted SHO, Atalbandh police station Satendra Negi, he said, \"The incident did come to our notice but neither the accused nor the victim could be traced.\"The police visited the colony where the girl stays but on not finding her or her family members, they reportedly took it as a 'false report'. The cops, however, didn't check with the hospitals in the locality.\"We have not registered any case as no compliant has been registered by the victim or her family so far,\" the SHO maintained.Meanwhile, government hospital authorities said the girl fell unconscious due to shock and has not sustained serious injuries.Speaking to the reporters at the hospital, the victim said, \"When the boys started using foul language and tried pulling a girl by her hand, I resisted it. Following this, the youths started thrashing me.\"Later, a police team visited the hospital.A 16-year-old girl was allegedly thrashed after she resisted an eve teasing bid by an unidentified youth at Atalbandh area in Bharatpur district of the state. However, the district police and concerned police station was attempting to cover up the matter as no FIR in this connection was registered till late night.Sources said that the girl who is a student of class twelth along with her classmates was returning from her tuitions at 6 pm when some youth intercepted them. The youth started making foul comments and started teasing at least six girls to which the victim girl resisted. Later two youth caught her and started thrashing her. The girl immediately felt unconscious and the youths managed to flee from the spot. Her mates raised an alarm and some passer's by took the girl to the government hospital.However, showing an insensitive approach towards the incident, Satendra Negi, station house officer, Atalbandh police station, when contacted, said, \"The incident came to our notice. However neither the accused nor the victim could be traced.\"Police team merely visited the colony in which the girl was residing along with her family and they did not find anything, they took it as a 'false' report. They did not bother to visit the hospital to find out the truth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15245523", "title": "Sandeep, Gaurav in Squash Open summit clash", "text": "NEW DELHI: Top-seed Sandeep Jhangra set up a summit clash with Gaurav Nandrajog in the Men's Open category of the Coca-Cola Squash Open Championship 2012.Sandeep, who clinched Bronze Medal in team championship category of the 2010 Asian Games, defeated Karm Kumar 3-0 (13-11, 11-3, 11-7) in semifinal.In another semifinal of the same category, Gaurav Nandrajog beat Laxman Joshi 3-0 (11-3, 11-4, 11-4).In Girls' under-19 semifinal match, Urwashi Joshi thumped down Janet Vidhi 3-0 (11-7, 11-4, 11-4). Meanwhile, Tanvi Khanna advanced to the semis after beating Jannat Duhan 3-0 (11-0, 11-6, 11-3).In Boys' under-17 semifinals, Ashwary Singh of Jindal Squash Academy, Mumbai out-played Robin Man 3-2 (4-11, 11-5, 7-11, 11-3, 11-7) in the toughest match on the fifth day of the event. Ashwary will face Ranjit Singh, who beat Junaid Muzzafar 3-2 (11-6, 3-11, 9-11, 11-7, 11-2), in the final match.Results Day 5:Men's Open SF: Sandeep Jhangra bt Karm Kumar 3-0 (13-11, 11-3, 11-7); Gaurav Nandrajog bt Laxman Joshi 3-0 (11-3, 11-4, 11-4).Men's U-23 SF: Rishi Jalan received walk-over against Divij S Kadan.Girls U-19 SF: Urwashi Joshi bt Janet Vidhi 3-0 (11-7, 11-4, 11-4); QF: Tanvi Khanna bt Jannat Duhan 3-0 (11-0, 11-6, 11-3).Boys U-17 SFs: Ashwary Singh bt Robin Man 3-2 (4-11, 11-5, 7-11, 11-3, 11-7); Ranjit Singh bt Junaid Muzzafar 3-2 (11-6, 3-11, 9-11, 11-7, 11-2).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15244393", "title": "Consumer panel gets interim head", "text": "NASHIK: S L Patankar, president of the Ahmednagar consumer forum, will take over charge of the Nashik forum from August 1.Patankar was the president of Pune's consumer forum, before his appointment in Ahmednagar.The new interim chief is expected to take care of complaints registered in Nashik during the first fortnight of every month. She will be hearing complaints in Ahmednagar, the following fortnight, sources have said.Today, the forum has 207 cases pending at various stages. Sources further said that the state government has conducted candidate interviews for presidentship of the forum and results were likely to be announced soon.\"We are not sure if Patankar would be able to complete all pending cases within a fortnight, but the forum atleast has a head for now, before someone is permanently appointed,\" a source said.In the meanwhile, the forum has witnessed only one new case, with advocates likely to file new cases following a an appointment to the president's chair.\"We are aware that the chair is vacant and hence have asked our clients to approach us only after the first week of August, since matters would be streamlined by then. Unless it is an emergency, it is not going to help if we file our case now and keepour clients waiting till the actual proces begins,\" a lawyer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15246692", "title": "Ex-official liquidator gets 3-year RI for graft", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Central Bureau of Investigation's (CBI's) special court here on Saturday awarded three-year rigorous imprisonment to the then official liquidator of the ministry of company affairs Ashish Vajpai in a corruption case.This case dates back to 2006 and chargesheet was filed in this case in 2008.Vajpai, who was attached with the Punjab and Haryana high court and Himachal high court, has been accused of wrongly using government money and for accumulating income and assets (worth nearly Rs 1.5 crore) through unscrupulous means by misusing his official position.Besides the jail term, court has also slapped a fine of Rs 50,000 on the accused. He has been accused of conspiring with private builders and real estate agents to make money through unscrupulous means by circumventing the laid down rules of the court and law.Earlier in 2010, he was sentenced to two-year jail by the CBI special court in another corruption case and he was dismissed from his services.According to CBI officials, Vajpai had joined as junior technical assistant in the registrar of companies in 1989. Later, he got promotions and was transferred to Chandigarh.\"During September 1989 to May 2006, Vajpai saved Rs 1.47 crore, which was around 354 times more than his known sources of income. This money was recovered during the raids at his house in Sector 27 here and from his various bank accounts that were opened in different states of the country,\" said a CBI official.During the probe, CBI sleuths had also recovered many objectionable property documents from Vajpai's bank lockers. However, Vajpai had also applied for bail in the court, which he was granted for 60 days on the bail bond of Rs 30,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15245227", "title": "Working women to get a new abode", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The city's working women will soon have a safe and affordable place to live. The Kerala State Housing Board (KSHB) has decided to float a tender to construct a seven-storey building on 58 cents of land at Kovoor-Iringadanpally road for a working women hostel. The estimated project cost is Rs 10.13 crore.Poor accommodation for women job-seekers have been forcing them to stay in hostels run by private parties where they have to pay huge rents for minimal facilities.In the first phase, the KSHB plans to set up a three-storey hostel with 156 beds. There will be five rooms which can accommodate six persons each, eight rooms with two beds in each room, and 36 rooms with three beds each. Two single rooms will be built for women with physical disability. The hostel will also have a day-care centre, dining hall, servant's room, reading and recreation rooms.An official with the KSHB informed that soil test is in progress at the site and the tender will be floated soon.The only government working women's hostel in the city at Vellimadukunnu does not have enough facilities. There are around 10 working women's hostels run by private parties and they charge around Rs 2,250-Rs 6,000 based on the facilities offered. Women working in night shifts also find it difficult to get accommodation facility as many hostels has set 7pm as the deadline to reach the hostels.Biji S Nair, a native of Thiruvananthapuram, who stayed in the city during her probation period at the social welfare department, said the government should take measures to improve the facilities at its hostels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15244337", "title": "NCP cut a sorry figure in organizational muddle", "text": "The NCP may be a party that is led by leaders who nurture ambitions of becoming the prime minister and the chief minister of Maharashtra. But when it comes to organizational discipline, it is no different from its parent, the Congress, if the recent happenings in Nashik are any indication.The party is divided among supporters of guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal and his detractors (led by the Maratha lobby), who had unsuccessfully tried to scuttle the winning chances of Bhujbal (as the MLA from Yeola), his son Pankaj (as the MLA from Nandgaon) and nephew Sameer ( as the Nashik Lok Sabha MP) in the 2009 elections.During the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) elections, the then NCP city chief Gajanan Shelar contested as the official party candidate from ward no. 54 (a). However, he was challenged by an NCP rebel, Sanjay Chavan, who ultimately won the seat. Shelar, who could not digest the defeat, openly came out against the Bhujbal lobby, which, according to him, worked against him in the polls.Miffed, Shelar quit his post as the Nashik city chief of the NCP, accusing the Bhujbals and a cartel of people surrounding them, of working against the interests of the party.He even accused the Bhujbals of misusing the Akhil Bharatiya Mahatma Phule Samata Parishad- the social outfit founded by Bhujbal Sr for OBC welfare- for personal gains.Moreover, he publicly pledged his loyalty to Ajit Pawar, who is revered by aspiring Maratha politicians within the NCP.Shelar, then, went to meet Pawar and other senior NCP leaders in Mumbai and on his return declared that he had been appointed as a secretary of the NCP's state unit. His \"appointment\" boosted the morale of Bhujbal's detractors who took as a message of the party that it wanted to clip the wings of the Bhujbal clan.Nearly four months later, the Maharashtra president of the NCP, Madhukar Pichad, who visited parts of Nashik district on Thursday alongwith Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, said that Shelar is not a secretary of the party's state unit.The whole episode speaks volumes about the manner in which the NCP is run. There are voices within the party that demand action against Shelar for the bluff.Shelar, on the other hand, has produced a letter issued in April this year by NCP's vice-president Madan Bafna, which announces Shelar's appointment as a secretary of the party's state unit. It indicates that either there is no coordination between the president and the vice-president, or Shelar is %engaging in a bluff game.Interestingly, state NCP chief Pichad has swung into a damage control exercise by pointing out that in June, the committee of office-bearers was dissolved and the state unit, at present has only Pichad as the president who has been given a fresh term. The other office-bearers of the state unit are yet to be appointed.Drought to the rescueThe polity loves droughts and disasters, as long as it does not affect them directly and provides ample opportunities of working out multicrore relief packages. The delayed monsoon this year and the dry spell with intermittent rainfall are likely to provide windfall for the bureaucracy as well.For officials involved in the implementation of the ambitious state project of planting 100 crore trees this year, the erratic rainfall may come in as windfall to coverup their lethargy. Of the 100 crore trees to be planted, the target for Nashik district has been set at 1.47 trees and the district administration, which tried to reduce the target considerably, has dug only 65 lakh pits for plantation.With the officials unprepared for the ambitious scheme, the dry spell might come in as a handy excuse for them for not being able to meet the target.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15252757", "title": "London 2012 diving: Olympics day 3 Google doodle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Continuing its spirit for London Olympics 2012 , the third London 2012 Google doodle is dedicated to diving.The Google doodle depicts a female diver getting ready to do a back-flip into the pool, with Google's logo forming the backdrop of the pool.After archery, diving is the third Google doodle in this week to show its enthusiasm towards Olympics.The doodle will feature football , swimming, athletics, javelin throw, fencing and basketball.From India, a team of 81 athletes, which comprises 6 archers, participated at the Olympics. The 6 Indian archers are: Rahul Banerjee , Tarundeep Rai, Jayanta Talukdar, L Bombayla Devi , Deepika Kumari and Chekrovolu Swuro.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15243120", "title": "Rao pushes for affected persons rehab to complete Gosikhurd project", "text": "NAGPUR: District collector Saurabh Rao has decided to send an urgent communication to chief secretary JK Banthia stressing that unless the Gosikhurd affected persons (PAPs) were properly rehabilitated it would be very difficult to complete the mega irrigation project. The letter is likely to be dispatched on Tuesday.Nagpur district administration has prepared a five-point rehabilitation package after discussions with the PAPs. Rao has stated in the letter that unless it was accepted, crores of government money would go waste.The five-point programme includes: giving one time cash instead of land, monetary help instead of jobs, rehabilitation as per the Rehabilitation Policy of 2007, suitable vocational training to PAPs and fishing rights to PAPs in the dam.As on date, only phase I of Gosikhurd having storage capacity of 300 million cubic metres (mm3) has been completed. The project was envisaged in 1983 and was slated to be completed by 1987. However, work on it did not start until 2005 when it was included in centrally funded Accelerated Irrigation Benefit Programme (AIBP).When the entire project is completed its storage capacity would increase to 745 mm3. It will have the capacity to irrigate 1.90 lakh hectares and will benefit over two lakh farmers in Nagpur, Bhandara and Chandrapur districts. However, 22,258 hectares land will be submerged affecting 200 villages.The PAPs have refused to shift from the submerge area until their demands are met. The project cost has already touched Rs14,000 crore. Rao pointed out in the letter that the project has attained irrigation capacity of only 10,000 hectare.Social worker Vilas Bhongade has been leading the PAPs' agitation. He has made it clear to the government that unless the PAPs were rehabilitated as per Maharashtra Rehabilitation Policy, 1999 and central's Rehabilitation Policy, 2007, they will not shift.An official from district collectorate said, \"The state government will calculate the cost of rehabilitation and make some changes if the top officials feel so. Then it will be tabled before the state cabinet for approval. This process might take time,\" he said.A Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) official told TOI that if government might have to alter the package as otherwise all PAPs would demand rehabilitation on similar lines. \"However, given the sharp increase in project cost every year it would be better if the package is cleared.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15251021", "title": "Alec Baldwin's stalker accused of 20 new counts", "text": "Alec Baldwin's lady stalker has been hit with 20 new counts of harassment.The stalker, Canadian actress Genevieve Sabourin, was arrested in April after allegedly turning up outside Baldwin's home here.She was booked on five counts of harassment and stalking, but prosecutors filed new claims at the Manhattan Supreme Court Thursday, after finding out several e-mails in which she reportedly threatened to launch a war of words against the star if he did not contact her, reports contactmusic.In court documents, Baldwin alleges: \"The defendant said she was going to start a 'massive destructive war' with me. She also said that she would find me no matter what it cost her.\"\"She said that I could call the FBI (Federal Bureau of Investigation) and have her put in jail or I could call her and speak to her. She told me if I did not have a conversation with her, it would mean 'war' and that she was 'ready for it.'\"Judge Mark White has ordered Sabourin to stay away from the actor until their next court date Sep 19.Baldwin, who is now married to yoga instructor Hilaria Thomas , has previously admitted he enjoyed a night out with Sabourin in 2010 as a \"favour to a friend\". But he has claimed he has received several unwelcome messages from her ever since.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15254868", "title": "Sudhir Mishra plans to make a political drama", "text": "Filmmaker Sudhir Mishra is planning to make a political drama on the lines of his widely acclaimed 2005 film \" Hazaaron Khwaishein Aisi\".Mishra says he has not yet decided on the cast of the film, which is tentatively titled \"Har Khwahish Par Dum Nikle\".\"I am planning to make a political drama on the lines of 'Hazaaron Khwaishein Aisi'. I haven't decided the name of the film but I plan to call it 'Har Khwaish Par Dum Nikle',\" Mishra told PTI Bhasha.He has offered his ambitious project \"Mehrunissa\" to Amitabh Bachchan and is waiting for the megastar's nod.\"I want to cast Amitabh Bachchan in the lead. I have sent the script to him and we are waiting for his reply.\"\"Mehrunissa\" is a story of two friends and what happens when a woman enters their life. The film revolves around these three characters.Mishra is also in talks with Ekta Kapoor and Excel Entertainment for a film which will again be a political drama.The director, famous for his works like \"Khoya Khoya Chand\" and \"Yeh Saali Zindagi\" , has just wrapped the shooting of his upcoming film \"Inkaar\".The film, based on the topic of sexual harassment, stars Arjun Rampal and Chitrangada Singh in lead roles.\"Times have changed and so the way women are perceived should also change. We should respect the fact that women today stand up for themselves and are more vocal about what they want,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15246049", "title": "India Against Corruption members continue fast", "text": "ALLAHABAD: As a part of the nationwide stir of Team Anna against corruption, members of India Against Corruption(IAC) Allahabad unit continued their relay fast on Saturday at Subhash crossing in Civil Lines. On the fourth day Malkiyat Singh Bajwa and Sanjeev Gupta sat on fast. Lalita Agarwal, Mayank Agarwal,Yashvir Pratap Singh also sat along with others on fast.Protesters flayed the faulty policies of the UPA government.Later, a procession was taken out from Subhash crossing. It passed through Clock Tower crossing, Bairahna, Alopi Bagh, Baghambari gaddi, Allahpur and Katra.On Friday the university wing of IAC organised a seminar at Amar Nath Jha hostel on 'Corruption ridden government machinery and Anna movement'.On the occasion a resolution was passed wherein the speakers urged the Central government to set up a committee to probe the irregularities committed by the 15 union ministers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15245506", "title": "Vegetables, fruits hard to afford", "text": "PATNA: Fruits and vegetables prices have skyrocketed in recent weeks, making them virtually unaffordable for the middle class. While the spurt in fruit prices is attributed to the ongoing Ramzan and 'Sawan' and the approaching 'Hariyali Teej' and 'Raksha Bandhan', the ostensible reason for spike in vegetables prices is that a large section of people go vegetarian during the month of 'Sawan'.\"Higher consumption of fruits and their use for gift purposes have resulted in sudden price hike. Compared to last year, fruits prices are almost 30% higher, while some are selling at double the prices,\" Pankaj Kumar Gupta, a fruit vendor at the Income-Tax roundabout told TOI.\"Apples' prices have risen the most compared to last year,\" said a fruit vendor, Ram Prasad, at Boring Road. Shimla apples' prices range from Rs 120 to Rs 200 and American apples sell for Rs 170 to Rs 180 per kg. Indian pears are priced between Rs 50 and Rs 150 kg, while Chinese pears sell at Rs 120 per kg.At the Income-Tax roundabout, watermelon is selling at Rs 50 per kg, mask melon at Rs 180 per kg, banana from Hajipur and Uttar Pradesh at Rs 30 to Rs 50 per dozen and papaya from Andhra Pradesh at Rs 40 each piece. Other fruits are costly as well. Jamun sells at Rs 150 per kg, pineapple at Rs 60 per piece, sweet lime at Rs 40 per kg, orange at Rs 120 per kg, kiwi at Rs 30 per piece and pomegranate from Nasik at Rs 150 to Rs 200 per kg. Green grapes are available at Rs 200 per kg and red grapes at Rs 500 per kg.Suman, a vendor at Kadam Kuan, claimed they charge a margin of only Rs 5 to Rs 10 per kg over the wholesale prices. \"Mind you, we have to bear transport costs too,\" he said. But, the fact is that at Bazaar Samiti, the cost of almost all fruits is around 40% less than the retail prices.Mithilesh Kumar, a wholesaler of fruits at the Bazar Samiti, attributed the higher prices to drying up of crops because of less rain and adverse climatic conditions.Vegetable prices are not left behind. \"Green vegetables have become costlier by Rs 10 to 15 per kg in the last one week,\" said Gopal Kumar, a vegetable vendor on Boring Road. Another vendor at Kadam Kuan, Pappu, said vegetable prices have increased by 20% to 30% in recent times.Most common vegetables like potato, onion, beetroot and round gourd are available at around Rs 16, Rs 12, Rs 40 and Rs 28 per kg respectively. Parwal is priced at Rs 40 per kg, brinjal at Rs 40 per kg, 'kundri' at Rs 20 per kg, bottle gourd at Rs 24 per piece, radish between 24 and Rs 40 per kg and 'nenua' at Rs 32 per kg. \"Cauliflower and cabbage are now available at Rs 30 to Rs 40 per piece, Rs 10 more compared to last week,\" said a vegetable vendor at Patliputra Colony.Incidentally, most of the vegetables are available at almost 40% lower prices at the Anta Ghat market. However, Seema Yadav, a resident of Nala Road, and Mamta Jha, a housewife who resides in Boring Road area, expressed their inability to go there due to high commuting cost involved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15243941", "title": "A search engine from Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: It sounds like what Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak had attempted in their own youth. Around ten months ago, final year engineering students, Nikunj Agrawal and Virendra Mishra, nearly dropped out of college to pursue their dream, to create a web network where people could connect and not only follow people but also their passion.But the students chose to continue with their college while still working doggedly towards turning their dream into reality. Finally, after months of doing the balancing act between college work and pursuing passion, the duo launched mywindow. me, the first step towards realizing their dream.Their website is now among the top 150 ideas from the country in 'The Economic Times Power of Ideas'. \"This is a very big opportunity for us and we are very happy. It is a very prestigious platform for new companies and entrepreneurs from where we can get a lot of help and mentorship at IIM-Ahmedabad for 10 days,\" Nikunj said.Explaining the concept behind their website, Nikunj said, \"About 35% of searches on Google are for people, and through mywindow, we are trying to cater to this section.\"In the first stage, they have launched people's search which they claim provides a better customized search than anything available on the Internet today.\"We have 55 filters through which you can customize your people's search. Imagine being able to find an individual who is born in Nagpur, working in Hyderabad, who did his graduation from IIT Mumbai and interested in reading, without having to skim through a number of useless links,\" said Virendra.On the last count, the website had provided eight lakh search results with 40,000 page visits daily. The duo informed that soon they would be launching sections which will help people connect with others with the same passion. A family section will be also launched where one can upload and share daily tasks, reminders and other domestic issues with their family members.\"We are trying to prepare the basis for fulfilling the needs of the future. This will have a great impact in the coming times when families will be connected on the go via Internet and will need a private and secure space to be connected. Apart from this we have many ideas which can change equations of online networking,\" said Nikunj.This venture has received accolades and wishes from industry bigwigs and offers have come from the US to shift their base there. \"We have also received a reply from Apple Inc co-founder Steve Wozniak giving us tips to go forward with our project, which is a great morale booster,\" said Kalpit Bhawalkar, who handles publicity and social media marketing of the site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15246771", "title": "Delhi CM starts fire fighting, meets Virbhadra", "text": "SHIMLA: Efforts of senior Congress leaders to placate former Union minister Virbhadra Singh have failed to bear any positive results as the five-time chief minister has reportedly refused to change his decision to resign from party committees formed for the coming assembly polls.Sources said Virbhadra Singh, who had been feeling sidelined in the party for quite some time, has succeeded in building pressure on the party high command by his decision as for the last two days senior leaders have been holding meetings with him to sort out the differences. Singh has now planned to discuss the issue with his supporters in Shimla on Monday.While senior Congress leaders, including Ahmed Patel and Digvijay Singh met him on Friday, Delhi chief minister Sheela Dixit, who was recently appointed chairperson of the screening committee for Himachal Pradesh , met Singh at his Delhi residence on Tuesday for around two hours. Virbhadra supporters are claiming that ignoring the mass base of Virbhadra Singh would not be easy for Congress high command.\"In the meeting, that lasted for around two hours, Dixit assured of giving due respect to Virbhadra Singh in the decision-making process and announced that Singh would contest the election, which is against the earlier stand that he would not contest,\" a leader close to him claimed.In his letter, Virbhadra Singh has also pointed out how sitting MLAs are being disturbed and gave the examples of three MLAs whose rivals have been appointed in the state executive recently. \"In the letter, Virbhadra Singh has informed Sonia Gandhi that if things continued like this then it would become impossible for him to function,\" said a senior leader.Congress leaders close to Virbhdara Singh claimed this time the final battle had been launched and they can go to any extent now. \"If the party high command does not consider the demands raised by Virbhadra Singh then the option of forming a new political outfit is open to us,\" claimed a Virbhadra supporter.Sources claimed that senior party leaders meeting Virbhadra Singh have hinted at making some changes in the new committees to please him. \"Virbhadra Singh is coming to Shimla on Monday and we would devise out future strategy after holding meetings with the supporters,\" sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15246463", "title": "Direct crop payment: Centre's letter makes farmers, 'arhtiyas' see red", "text": "PATIALA: A missive sent by Union minister of state for consumer affairs, food and public distribution K V Thomas to the Punjab government for making direct payment to farmers for their procured crops has led to escalation of tension between arhtiyas -- commission agents -- and farmers.If Punjab farmers have announced an agitation for direct payment, the agents have called a state-level meeting on August 1 at Chandigarh to protest against the minister's ''inflammatory letter''.According to sources, the minister has advised Punjab government do away with the system of commission agents and encourage cooperative societies to help in the procurement process as is being done by other states.\"Agents are robbing Punjab farmers. Since many politicians are commission agents, the state government has not taken any action to start direct payment. We have decided to begin a state-level agitation to press the government for implementing direct payment to farmers,'' said Bharti Kisan Union (Dakaunda) state unit president Boota Singh Burajgill.It's not first time that the Centre has directed the state government to pay farmers directly. \"Since commission agents look after cleaning, loading and unloading of crop, state government has written to the Centre that it favours paying farmers through commission agents\" said a senior government officer.But the minister's letter has invited the ire of 45,000 families of agents, who earn their livelihood from 2.5% commission they receive from crop sale in various grain markets of the state.\"Punjab government has already written to the Centre that the state government doesn't have as efficient a system for payment as agents have. We will announce our action plan against the minister's communication at our meeting in Chandigarh on August 1,\" said Ravinder Singh Cheema, vice chairman of Punjab Mandi Board and president of Punjab commission agent's association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15242891", "title": "Child marriage law to override all others: HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a crucial judgment that will place severe restrictions on child marriages, the Delhi high court has said the Prohibition of Child Marriage Act will override all personal laws that permit this menace.A full bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri, and Justices Sanjiv Khanna and V K Shali removed all contradictions between different HC benches and said the legislature must make the law stringent to completely ban child marriage.The PCM Act makes marriage with a girl voidable, not void, which means if a girl married as a child doesn't go to court to get the marriage cancelled after becoming a major, it will become a valid marriage. HC said it is shocked that despite child marriage being such a social evil, the legislature has not penalized it.The court was dealing with a reference sent by a division bench seeking its answer on legal issues arising out of various cases related to marriage of run-away couples, with the girls invariably being minors and couples being either of different castes or religions. The reference urged it to harmonize the PCM Act in relation to personal laws and IPC.In its verdict, the full bench laid down the law for courts to follow. For instance, on \"whether a marriage contracted by a boy with a female of less than 18 years could be said to be a valid marriage\", HC said that in view of the PCM Act, it has no choice but to re-iterate that a marriage with a girl of less than 18 years but more than 15 years is a voidable one.On who will get the custody of a girl who has married a major, the bench said it was best left to each court to decide keeping in view the facts of each case. But courts must take into account that just because a marriage is not void, it doesn't mean husband gets automatic custody of the girl.HC also made it clear that consummation of marriage with a girl below the age of 15 amounts to raping her despite her consent and the man is not protected by the personal law of his religion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15245133", "title": "When the world flows into Tamil", "text": "COIMBATORE: Translations are emerging as the new big story in Tamil publishing. Polemical political writing to self-help guides to classics from other languages, Indian and European, are now being translated into Tamil.Major publishing houses like Vidiyal, which brought out the Hitman book, Uyirmai, Kalachuvadu and Bharathi Publications, are all looking to push translations in a big way. Of course, books like A P J Abdul Kalam's \"Wings of Fire\" and many self-help or career guidance volumes have always done well. The Tamil translation of 'Where There Is No Doctor', a popular health care guide published first in Spanish in 1970, has so far sold over 50,000 copies and Adaiyalam, its publisher, is readying the third edition. A team of doctors working on different sections of the book translated it into Tamil.Similarly, 'Confessions of an Economic Hit-man', a polemical tome on neo-liberal economic policies, turned out to be a successful venture for its publisher, Vidiyal. Translations of Oxford University Press's A Very Short Introduction series on topics such as linguistics and post-colonialism won the publisher, Adaiyalam, much praise.A welcome spin-off from the trend is that publishers are willing to do even literary classics. For instance, Kalachuvadu has 100 translated works, 80 of these from foreign languages, in its publishing list.Not just the Russian greats like Tolstoy and Dostoevsky, but modernists like Kafka and Camus to contemporary greats like Gabriel Garcia Marquez , Jose Saramago , Mario Vargos Llosa, Murakami and Orhan Pamuk are available in Tamil today. So are iconic writers in languages like Malayalam and Kannada, Vaikkom Muhammad Basheer and U R Ananthamurthy. Why, even the young Kashmiri writer Basharat Peer, whose Night of the Curfew, an internationally-acclaimed memoir about the insurgency in Jammu and Kashmir, has now a Tamil version.B Jeyamohan, the renowned author, says the trend picked up steam in the past five or six years. In the past, writers like Kaa Naa Subramaniam would publish abridged versions of classics just to introduce them to Tamil readers. \"In the 1940s and 1950s, there existed a scenario in which translators in Tamil could live off their work. After the Kalki era, translations lost commercial value. Now in the age of TV, when readership itself has dwindled, Tamil translations don't have the same prestige. But in the last five to six years, there is a small wave of translations happening in the language. With the publication boom since 2000, houses feel the compulsion to add translations to their kitty at least for the prestige value, while some publications like Kalachuvadu do it out of their own interest in bringing good books into the language,\" says Jeyamohan.The numbers are small in the case of classics, of course. My Name is Red, a modern classic by the Turkish Nobel laureate Orhan Pamuk, has sold only over a 1,000 copies. Publishers, however, indicate that is no small number since Pamuk is a serious readers' writer.What is even more interesting is that increasingly translations from French and German, are being made directly from the mother language to Tamil, and not via English, which is the case in most Indian languages. V Sriram, who translated classics like The Little Prince and Albert Camus' The Outsider into Tamil directly from French original, sees the process as an exchange between cultures. \"It is an interpretation of a culture. Tamils looks at things differently and so do the French. But ultimately everyone is human,\" he says. G Kuppusamy, who translated My Name Is Red and John Banville's Sea, is himself a short-story writer and says that it is only recently that the translations have started to become more authentic. \"There is a steady increase in readership. Translators like V Sriram and R Sivakumar are meticulous and therefore deserve praise,\" he said.However, many publishers are intimidated by the rights issue. Rights to translate novels and works of non-fiction into Tamil haven't been always easy to get. Mu Sadhiq of Adaiyalam says only few publishing houses bother to get the rights from authors before translating them. \"Tamil doesn't have a healthy trend when compared to Malayalam where books are quickly available in translation. This is because no one here knows how to get rights and also because translations do have the same audience here as in Kerala,\" Kannan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15241948", "title": "Philately being stamped out", "text": "NAGPUR: It is something which gives you the thrill of discovery, the power of knowledge.. to run a showreel of history in front of you and, finally, something that derives the pursuer immense happiness and satisfaction. The members of a generation which was ruled by philately would relate to the description. Philately, or stamp collection, was a hobby which provided its pursuer a window to the world.\"Each stamp has a story to tell. If you study the stamps of each country you can see the various phases through which they have gone, their evolution and history,\" said Jayant Khedkar, philatelist and member of Nagpur's Philatelist Society.According to him philately is not only pursuing a hobby, but also knowledge. \"A stamp teaches you, it covers all the areas of your life, it talks to you about the history, culture and scientific development of the place,\" said Khedkar.But philately, once known as 'the king of hobbies and the hobby of the kings', seems to have lost its appeal over the years. The number of people getting involved in it has dwindled and come down.\"I cannot see the excitement which we had for stamps in the new generation. In today's fast life, they don't have enough time to spare on a hobby,\" said Nisar Akhtar Ansari, who has been collecting stamps for the last 36 years.The main reasons that are being attributed to the dwindling number of stamp enthusiasts are the onslaught of mobile and Internet technology along with a busy lifestyle. \"In the earlier days people used to write letters. The sources of entertainment were also limited which is why various kinds of hobbies flourished,\" said Captain Mukesh Kapila, of Army Postal Department.The lack of exposure to the very existence of stamps is also another reason for the hobby being in the danger of extinction. \"Nowadays where do you see stamps? Even at our homes when letters come, they have computer stickers on them or they come by couriers which don't use stamps. How will you get attracted to something which you haven't seen enough,\" asked Anant Pathak, philatelist and stamp dealer.He also said that many-a-times the supply is also erratic. Pathak informed that initially the first-day covers used to be sold only on one day, which increased its desirability. But now, it is sold for a month, and thus taking away its uniqueness. On the other hand, some stamps were supplied in very less numbers.But Khedkar is far more optimistic about the situation. \"If the collectors are becoming less, then it is better for the few collectors who remain and will remain as our value will be more. And that is why, though there is certainly a fall in numbers of philatelists, I am sure that the hobby will never die,\" he said.He even said that it is not that there is a complete stagnation. Experienced philatelists feel that though a few new faces do come in, their methods are not right. \"Though some people have good collection of stamps, because of lack of knowledge they do not know how to organize and sort them,\" said Kapila.Also, they say that the newbies don't concentrate on themes and generally end up just collecting them. \"Philately is different from stamp collection. Collection is just what the word means, while philately, it not only means collecting stamps, but also studying it,\" Khedkar said.Lack of time, mobile, Internet, television, couriers or the lack of enthusiasm from the postal authorities themselves, whatever the reasons might be, the fact is that this hobby has fallen from grace. One can only hope that it is not lost in the sands of time forever.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15244792", "title": "Trident light controversy far from over", "text": "KOLKATA: About a year ago, the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) had started installing trident lights to beautify the city and bring back the Raj-era look. A year on, these lights have now turned out to be the bone of contention between top officials of the civic body.Some days back, it came to the fore that these lights have left the KMC bleeding. Municipal commissioner Khalil Ahmed then refused to release bills of the contractors engaged in installation of these decorative lights. And now, mayor Sovan Chatterjee has backed the contractors and made it clear that payments should be made immediately as they completed their assignments ordered by the KMC lighting department.Chatterjee, however, conceded that the manner in which the work order was issued was 'questionable'. \"There have been some technical lapses in the process,\" Chatterjee said. However, the commissioner has stuck to his stern stance and recommended strict administrative action against the errant lighting department officials.During a series of meetings held in the past three days, Ahmed has cited several reasons why the civic body should not release the bills without conducting a proper inquiry into the matter. According to him, the KMC lighting department officials first need to explain why didn't they invite tender for the job. Secondly, the civic officials should answer what prompted them to bypass rulebook and create as many as 540 files keeping the bill amount of each file below Rs 5 lakh before submitting it to the KMC finance department.This apart, the municipal commissioner is reportedly upset with the \"per unit cost\" (Rs 18,000) of such decorative lights. Ahmed has asked the lighting department officials to explain on this issue too.Incidentally, the KMC stores department had experimented with manufacturing posts of the trident lamps three months ago. At that point of time, as many as 500 posts were manufactured at the workshop. It was proved beyond doubt that manufacturing a trident post at the KMC workshop was economical. While a post at the workshop at Entally cost Rs 3,150, the same is priced at Rs 5,918 outside, said a senior official in charge of the stores department.\"We supplied more than 550 such lamp posts as demanded by the KMC lighting department. Those have been installed in places like Kidderpore and Prince Anwar Shah Road,\" a KMC official said. However, the officials in the civic stores department expressed surprise over the civic authorities' decision to buy posts from outside when they could have been manufactured in the workshop at a much lower cost.\"The KMC lighting department has placed orders for thousands of such trident lights in the second phase. These could have easily been manufactured in our workshop,\" said a senior KMC official. Tarak Singh, the mayor-in-council overseeing the KMC stores department, said he was ready to supply trident lamp posts whenever orders would be placed.Keeping all these anomalies in mind, the municipal commissioner has asked the KMC finance department not to release the bills in a 'hurry.'With the controversy refusing to die down, the future of beautification drive in some parts of the city is facing an uncertain future. In the first phase, the KMC has approved installation of 15,000 trident lights in areas such as Chittaranjan Avenue, Beliaghata Main Road, SN Banerjee Road, Burrabazar, Harish Mukherjee Road, Asutosh Mukherjee Road, Hazra Road, New Alipore, Tollygunge Circular Road and parts of Jadavpur. In the second phase, such decorative lights would be installed in parts of north, central and southern Kolkata. Some of the areas where trident lights are to be installed include Kankurgachhi, Dum Dum, Bidhan Sarani, Camac Street, AJC Bose Road, Ballygunge, Rashbehari Avenue, Jadavpur and Behala, among other areas. \"We have put the programme on hold,\" a KMC official confirmed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15245846", "title": "Prevention, early detection are key to beat hepatitis", "text": "LUDHIANA: As the city observes World Hepatitis Day to create awareness about the disease, Daljeet Singh (name changed), a businessman of Model Town, has been fighting the silent killer for six months now.One of the most devastating aspects of hepatitis is that it is a silent killer. Infected people may carry the virus unknowingly for years without symptoms until it causes serious and even irreversible damage. As for me I don't know from where I got infected, but I was lucky that mine was diagnosed well in time. At present I am undergoing treatment, says Daljeet Singh.Daljeet Singh is not the only one suffering; city hospitals receive cases of hepatitis B and C in good numbers almost on a daily basis. While many people are aware that hepatitis is an infectious liver disease, there are still those who do not know just how deceptive and dangerous this illness is, and that it can be acquired in different ways.Dr Nirmaljeet Singh Malhi, senior consultant at SPS Apollo Hospital, says, We receive around 100 to 150 cases of hepatitis C every month. The number of hepatitis B cases is much less.Doctors say people have the misconception that hepatitis afflicts only drug users or people who are promiscuous, which they say absolutely untrue - the causes are varied and may not even be the fault of the sufferer.Malhi adds, ordinary people can get infected, even through everyday activities such as pedicures as well as lifestyle activities such as tattooing. But the infection is mostly caused due to reusable needles and syringes, unsafe blood. Hepatitis B and C, though have no particular symptoms, in the early stages are mostly diagnosed through blood tests. In later stages patients develop symptoms like fatigue, appetite loss, abdominal pain or swelling, dark urine, nausea, vomiting, and yellow skin or jaundice.Dr Harnesh Singh Bindra, senior consultant at Mohandai Oswal Multi-specialty and Cancer Hospital, says, a??Every year there has been roughly about 10% increase in the number of fresh cases we receive and 10% of these develop liver cirrhosis.Dr Ajit Sood of Dayanand Medical College and Hospital, says The prevalence of chronic hepatitis C in Ludhiana and elsewhere in Punjab is more than the national average of 1 to 1.5%. In a study conducted by us in a small town near Ludhiana, the prevalence of the disease was found to be 5%.He adds, the awareness about the disease has increased over the years and better diagnostic facilities are available now. But then the number of people suffering from the disease has also increased. Presently, we get 40-50 fresh cases a month. Prevention, early detection are keys to beating hepatitis, says Sood, revealing that the prevalence of the disease is more in the age group of 20-50 years and high among drug addicts. The virus becomes chronic in 80% cases, he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15245699", "title": "Flight cancelled after bird-hit", "text": "JAIPUR: Over hundred passengers of a Delhi-Jaipur flight had a narrow escape when the aircraft suffered a bird hit during landing at Terminal 2 of Jaipur airport on Saturday morning. Though the plane landed safely, its engine developed some technical snag.The Jet airways flight landed here at 7.10 am and was scheduled to return to Delhi in 30 minutes. Following the bird hit, the engine developed some technical and the return flight to Delhi was cancelled. Chaos prevailed at the airport when at least 90 passengers who were waiting to board the Jaipur-Delhi flight were informed of the cancellation.\"Many of the passengers who were to board the Delhi flight opted for the road route, while 40 passengers opted for the Jet Airways Jaipur-Mumbai flight to catch a connecting Delhi flight from Mumbai,\" said an official.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot was also among the passengers scheduled to take the Jaipur to Delhi flight. \"Gehlot was accommodated in a flight to Mumbai to take another flight to Delhi,\" said an official.\"Some snag developed in the left engine of the plane. Engineers were on the job to correct it,\" said an officer.Bird strike has surfaced as a major problem at the Jaipur airport as the figures suggest that in 2010 at least seven such cases were reported while in 2011 five cases were reported.Attributing the problem to the increasing density of population in residential colonies surrounding both the terminal buildings, airport authorities said they have spoken to the Jaipur municipal corporation and other concerned authorities for proper sanitation.\"There is a huge dumping ground outside the periphery of the terminal 2 which invites birds,\" said an officer.Officials of the airport authority of India (AAI) have also been making efforts like bursting crackers in and around the areas having birds. According to sources, birds are attracted to domestic wastes disposed of near the airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15244573", "title": "127 primary students failed by two schools", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The District Education Office (DEO) office has received complaints from parents that 127 students of primary sections were failed by two schools in Bapunagar despite the Right to Education (RTE) Act directing that no child can be failed in class 1-8.Silver Bell School and Shivalik Primary School in Bapunagar are reported to have failed 127 students of the primary section. These students were given the pass marks and issued school leaving certificates only after the parents agreed to shift to other schools.Following up on the complaints, the DEO has written to the primary education department seeking to issue show cause notices on why the recognition of these schools should not be cancelled following the blatant violation of the RTE Act.Parents complained to the authorities about this illegal action as the RTE Act stipulates that no child in the primary section can be failed. These students have to be passed and allowed to move onto the higher classes.Acting upon the complaints, the DEO officials found that many leaving certificates issued by the schools authorities did not carry the stamp and signature of the school. This was to avoid action.\"This practice is illegal and we have decided to follow up on these schools with strict action. The RTE Act has been implemented in the state since the past two years but most of the school authorities take refuge in ignorance. When pulled up for failing primary students, school authorities say that they are not aware of the rules. It has been two years since RTE Act was implemented in the state and it is high time the authorities are aware of the rules and regulations\", said city DEO RI Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15246085", "title": "Killing of peacocks goes unchecked", "text": "KANPUR: During rainy season, the rural areas used to reverberate with the cries of peacock. Now it is rare. Increased poaching of peacock for feather is posing a serious threat to the bird in the region.On June 20, a poacher and his two aides were arrested in Gurdahi village in Sikandara area of Kanpur Dehat district for killing a peacock. A carcass of the bird was also seized from them.According to police, the arrested man admitted that he and his gang members had been fetching a good sum by selling peacock feathers for several years.The accused revealed that usually they use to collect feathers of peacock when bird used to shed it naturally toward the end of summer. But in the ongoing period, which is also considered to be the lull for molting activity, they have no other way but to kill the bird to procure its feathers in order to meet the demand.Its fat, used in the treatment of arthritis, fetch them good money.The police said that the problem also comes with enforcement. \"It is difficult to find out that whether a feather has been forcibly plucked or naturally shed. \"The best way is to see if the tip of the feather is soaked in blood. If there is blood on the tip, then it means it may have been procured after killing the bird. But if the end of the tail has been slashed, it is impossible to reach any conclusion,\" he said.Unlike other animals protected under the Wildlife Protection Act, the trade of the peacock feathers, if shed naturally, is legally allowed in the country.On July 18, six peacocks were found dead under mysterious circumstances at Bhuganiyapur village in Dehat district.And the same day, two poachers were arrested on charges of killing four peacocks by Etawah police in Usrahar area of the district. The accused admitted that they have been killing peacocks for feathers.The recent findings by WWF over peacock population revealed that country is left with only 50 per cent of the total peacock population that existed at the time of partition in 1947.\"The trend is alarming and now there is an urgent need of conservation. The government agencies should come forward to spread awareness about it,\" said Rajiv Chauhan, secretary, Society for conservation of nature. The people should be aware about the importance of the national bird and punishment of killing it according to the Wildlife Protection Act, he said.The national bird is dying. Poaching, indiscriminate use of pesticides by farmers and legal loopholes to nab the offenders are few major reasons that will soon make the bird extinct.Dalpati Yadav, a resident of Sikandara village, said that earlier peacocks used to flock his orchard in huge numbers. Since past 2-3 years, this scene is rare.\"Krishnakant, another villager, said that the national bird is rampantly being killed by local hunters for feathers. He said: \"Poachers become active during a period when they rarely shed feathers. The colourful tail feathers of peacock develop at the age of three. And the tail feathers are shed annually, at the end of summer.\"District forest officer Sudarshan Singh said, \"We are keeping tab on hunters, besides, we will soon launch awareness programmes among farmers not to use poisonous chemicals or pesticides of high intensity. The forest department teams comprising volunteers of NGOs will also sensitise the schoolchildren for the security of peacocks.\"Peacock is protected under Schedule I of the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972. Section 9 of the Act prohibits hunting of wild animals and birds specified in Schedule I, II, and III and IV. This classification has been made keeping in mind the significance and population of wildlife. Those highly threatened find a place in Schedule I. Section 51 of the Act prescribes a maximum imprisonment of six years, Rs 25,000 as fine or both for hunting animals and birds specified in Schedule I. Wildlife department officials said even though the punitive measures are exhaustive, the enforcement is poor. A case is registered under the Wildlife Protection Act but it never reaches a court of law because of lack of evidence. Even, if the case reaches the court, lack of awareness about Wildlife Act provisions invariably results in miscarriage of justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15244042", "title": "Cops book over 400 in combing operation", "text": "NASHIK: The city police launched a major offensive against criminals on record, rash drivers and mischief mongers in a massive 'All out programme' that was undertaken across the city on Friday evening. As many as 424 people were booked for various offcences during the drive.About 850 cops, including senior police officials, across all police stations and also those stationed at the police headquarters, converged on the streets and spread themselves out in sensitive areas as they went about detaining criminals involved in vehicle thefts, chain-snatching, house-break-ins and other property and body offences.The programme was taken up between 7pm to 11pm and witnessed nakabandis at 42 points.Under the police's dominance programme, cops also interacted with citizens and appealed to them to contact the police in case of incidents of crime, or in case of security concerns and/or threats from anti-social elements.Meanwhile, in view of the upcoming Ganesh festival, the police informed the traders' fraternity that it was entirely the community's decision to give donations or not. In case members of Ganpati mandals forced them to donate, police said the traders could immediately bring up the matter with the local police.The four-hour long operation saw the particiaption of senior officials including commissioner of police Kulwant Kumar Sarangal, DCP Sahebrao Patil, DCP DS Swami, DCP Sandeep Diwan, ACP Ganesh Shinde, ACP Sandeep Palve, Avinash Ambure and Sanjeev Thakur and several other senior officials from various police stations as well.Since Phule Nagar is considered sensitive on account of illegal activities reported from the region, senior police officials, including the commissioner, checked dens that are considered hubs for illegitimate activity. The teams also checked vehicles in the area to confirm if they were stolen.Sarangal also spoke to women in the Vajreshwari area regarding law and order issues and them to cite their concerns. The commissioner also visited the Siddharth Nagar area located near the Rushi Nagar jogging track and the Kasturba Nagar slum.The police booked 21 in the Bhadrkali area under the Bombay Police Act while also checking for criminals on record with regard to offences like chain-snatching, house break-in and vehicle theft. In the Sarkarwada area as well, the police booked 14 under the same Act, while six iwere rounded up in the Panchavati and 45 from the Gangapur area.Police officials said that those booked under the Act were released on bail, while those involved in different crimes were interrogated about their activities. According to police officials as many as 86 were booked under the Bombay Police Act in the city area. Cops along with quick response Teams also visited Among the areas visited within Nashik Road area by the city police along with the Quick Response Team wereGosavi Wadi, Maldhakka Road, the railway station area, Muktidham and Dhongde Mala in the Nashik Road area.During the combing operation in the Amrpali slum neighbourhood, a large number of suspects jumped the fence of Nehru colony and fled the scene. Vehicles were also strictly checked in the Jail Road area.In Nashik Road, 31 were booked under the Bombay Police Act, one was booked under the Bombay Gambling Act and four were arrested with warrants.Meanwhile, traffic cops also rounded up 156 cases under the Motor Vehicle Act, with most offences pertaining to triple seat driving on two-wheelers, rash driving, and using illegal number plates. Police said that as many as 424 people were either checked or booked during the all out programme. A total of Rs 1.6 lakh was recovered in the form of fines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15244801", "title": "Liquidator sells wrong land in Calico auction", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Official Liquidator (OL) of the Gujarat high court sold a piece of land, which was not in his possession, through auction to a co-operative housing society. The court also put a stamp on the auction confirming the sale.When it was found that the land simply was not in possession of the company that is in liquidation, the high court asked the court registry to refund the deposit paid by the buyer.No only this, justice Abhilasha Kumari also asked the Centre's counsel to convey the order to the Ministry of Corporate Affairs to initiate action for the goof up committed in this sale.In this case, Indian Oil Peoples' Cooperative Group Housing Ltd last year bid for a 13,759 square metre plot at Undera village in Vadodara. The auction was for properties belonging to the famous Calico Mills, and this plot was one of them. The co-operative bid Rs 11.96 crore and the HC also confirmed the sale on July 18, 2011. The purchaser even paid Rs 2.99 crore to the HC registry towards the sale.The co-operative took steps to develop the land to build residences but found out that the major chunk of it was in the possession of Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) since 1988, as Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation (GIDC) had allotted the land to IPCL, which was later merged into RIL.The co-operative sought documents from GIDC, but did not get any. Finally unable to find the land at the spot as promised by the OL in the deal, they moved the HC. On further inquiry, it was revealed that the OL had appointed Gujarat Industrial and Technical Consultancy Organisation Ltd (GITCO) and a valuer to carry out the valuation of the company's assets and prepare a report with details regarding land measurement and maps showing location of the land.The OL auctioned the land on the basis of this report, which was submitted in 2010. When the HC found out the reality, the judge criticized all offices involved in the transaction for their lame excuses. The court observed, \"What emerges is a dismal and shocking picture of the careless and casual approach on the part of the office of the Official Liquidator in a serious matter... What is stated to be 'inadvertence', 'mistake', and 'oversight' by the Official Liquidator can more appropriately be described as dereliction of the fiduciary duty that the Official Liquidator is bound to perform, under the directions of this court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15244542", "title": "Life on high street", "text": "KOLKATA: It resembles a scene straight out of the Bollywood film Hare Rama Hare Krishna: young men from the marginalized sections of the society sitting in huddles to help each other escape into the world of ecstasy and complete bliss. While some prick each other with drug-loaded syringes, some take puffs from powderfilled paper rolls.Within moments they pass out, lay unconscious in front of you with blood oozing from the wounds inflicted by the syringe.One doesn't need to go too far to witness this scene. Free School Street and the mesh of lanes that open off from it on either side are havens of contraband drugs where the syringe is openly used. In the lanes off Sudder Street, that are dotted with small hotels and guest houses to host foreigners, addicts are often seen smoking with the former. It is alleged that these pavement dwellers help foreigners acquire contraband drugs at a cheap rate. They are in fact part of a regular chain of suppliers who are known to these foreigners.The game starts around 4pm everyday on the pavements of Free School Street, Sudder Street, Tottee Lane, Chowringhee Lane and Scott Lane, not very far from the eyes of the men in uniform. At the end of their day's work, young men,mostly ragpickers, gather at this lanes. They sit in groups and share their spoils - drugs in used syringes and powders in shiny paper rolls for smoking. Pricking each other with syringes is more common among these veterans.They sport bandages all over their feet and arms that cover their old bleeding wounds from indiscriminate use of syringes. Once the session starts, these men ignore everybody else in the world.Two men hold the one to be pricked and one jabs the syringe in. After pushing in the liquid fully, the \"helpers\" bandage the wound quickly.One popular spot is the pavement just outside the fire brigade headquarters on Free School Street. Ask any man in uniform there and he will have a piece of information to share.\"We're used to this. What is dangerous is that these men are also snatchers and are involved in petty crimes. We think twice before arresting them. They can be very dangerous in custody at the time of withdrawal. They can attack other inmates in the lockup. They can also cut their veins and commit suicide,\" said a police officer.Women workers in the area complain that they are often harassed by these youths. \"We often attend social service meets inside St Thomas School but when these run into the evening hours we ensure that we do not come out of the gate alone because of these intoxicated youths,\" said Daphne Brown, a retired school teacher and a resident of Creek Row. But the hardened addicts are unfazed.Noor Alam and Mohammed Sohrab sit at the pavement preparing the syringe with diazepam liquid. \"We have been taking drugs for 15 years now and unless we inject our kidneys directly, we don't get the 'kick',\" said Noor Alam. \"We bought a file each for Rs 9 from peddlers near the Kolkata Municipal Corporation building. If you go and stand there you will see how you can buy these openly,\" laughed Sohrab. The two showed their calloused hands and feet and said that these were so sore with numerous sy ringe pricks that veins could not be found anymore. They have hence tak en to punching their kidneys. \"It trans ports us instantly to a state of com plete,\" said Sayidul, another addict.Most of them said that they have often been picked up by the police and handed over to NGOs and charitable institutions who have then sent them to rehab centres for treatment. \"Our condition needs long-term treatment which they cannot afford. After 15 days we are let out on the streets again.We are in a state where we wil not live very long and as long as we live, we will have to live by taking drugs,\" Noor Alam said. He held a gamcha to hide the exposed body part and deftly jabbed the syringe in. A jerk and then he was unconscious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15246723", "title": "Dispel myths about breastfeeding: Doctor", "text": "MYSORE: Myths surrounding breastfeeding need to be dispelled, said Dr Narayanappa D, professor and HoD department of pediatrics, JSS Medical College. Many working and educated women stop breastfeeding as soon as they get back to work, he added.It's surprising that even educated women are unaware of the advantages of breastfeeding, he added. Many working mothers think that if there are long gaps between feeds the milk gets stale, and so they avoid nursing their babies, Dr Narayanappa revealed.Elders too are under the misconception that colostrum is not good when it is milk that is rich, contains antibodies, bacteria and protects the baby from illness.Urban women choose not to nurse their babies because they think that it will spoil the shape of their breast. But breastfeeding helps a new mother lose weight and keep illnesses at bay, he added.Working women can extract breast milk and maintain it at room temperature for nearly eight hours. This can be fed to the baby at intervals, he suggested. Nursing a baby for six months is very essential, he said. Sadly, it has been found that only 40% of mothers only breastfeed their babies for the first six months.Dr Narayanappa said that grandmothers tell new mothers to apply honey or sugar on the breasts to encourage babies to suckle. \"This in no way helps breastfeeding, rather a baby can reject the mother's milk,\" he explained.Awareness on the benefits of breastfeeding has increased, said district health officer Malegowda SM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "shegaon", "code": "15242695", "title": "VCA slaps Rs 81L bill on Shegaon trust", "text": "SHEGAON: The Shri Sant Gajanan Maharaj Shikhshan Sanstha (SSGMSS) and the Vidarbha Cricket Association are at loggerheads over the residential cricket academy that was to come up on the trust's land in Shegaon.The SSGMSS, which agreed in principle to give its land to VCA for the academy three years ago, backed out last October following several misunderstandings with the association officials.While the SSGMSS, which runs an engineering college and the hugely popular amusement park Anand Sagar, says it is not happy with the quality of work that the VCA has done in beautifying the ground, the association is mulling legal action for the recovery of Rs81 lakhs it has spent on it.VCA president Prakash Dixit refused to give details on what went wrong. \"I don't want to comment on this before our annual general meeting,\" he told TOI.\"We will reply to their notice. We haven't done anything wrong,\" countered Gunwant Bayaskar, the physical director of SSJM Engineering College and the project coordinator of the academy.\"The work undertaken on the ground was of substandard nature and we didn't want the people of Shegaon accusing us of misappropriation,\" Bayaskar added. It was the SSGMSS which decided to sever ties.When TOI visited the ground, it was evident that neither the required slope nor a proper drainage had been created. Besides, few areas in the ground were quite hard and according to Bayaskar it could cause injuries to the players. \"The digging and filling hadn't been done properly. For our work we get the material in bulk and have our own logistics, that could have saved VCA a lot of money. The quality of work would have been better too,\" he said.Bayaskar alleged that the SSGMSS did not get reimbursed for the electricity the VCA used here and, \"despite shortage of water, we maintained the outfield pretty well\". \"The VCA also didn't pay us the Rs65,000 expenses towards organizing an under-14 tournament,\" he added.The VCA's flip-flop on the residential academy was the primary reason that the SSGMSS decided to call off the deal. \"First its officials said a residential academy would be constructed. So we built a facility worth Rs1 crore. Then, they said an academy is not possible as there is not enough talent in the districts. Finally, they offered to organize BCCI matches on the ground. But some officials said it was not up to the mark,\" he said.\"Isn't it ironic that the VCA was taking care of the ground and its own officials finds it not good enough,\" asked Bayaskar.The SSGMSS is now not willing to continue with the project. It is ready to pay the VCA the amount it spent but only after their experts assess it. \"We were pressing for the MOU to be signed but its officials delayed it. It gave us the time to see how the work was being executed. Since we weren't happy, we informed the VCA about it. They then sent us the bill of around Rs81 lakh. We would have completed the same work in Rs20-25 lakhs,\" said Bayaskar.The SSGMSS spoke to VCA's district in charge Rajiv Gokhale about the huge cost incurred. \"But he said we didn't have the technical expertise to assess the project. He was actually questioning the skills of our engineers who had come up with a world-class project like the Anand Sagar,\" said Bayaskar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15244766", "title": "College teachers warn of agitation against state government", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat State College Teacher's Association (GSCTA) has threatened to launch a movement against the state government if their issue of giving college teachers arrears according to the sixth pay commission recommendations is not resolved in ten days.GSCTA president M M Raval and secretary J S Prajapati said in a release issued here on Saturday that while all government employees have been given the arrears by the state government, college teachers have been left out.Despite numerous representations, the state government has not responded to resolve their issue. Apart from the arrears, there are also a host of other issues the teachers want resolved which include extra working hours in violation of UGC norms, and no action on raising pay scales of teachers with higher experience to Rs 37,400.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "15243154", "title": "Cops look at victims' enmity angle", "text": "NELLORE: With police making no headway in their search for the killer of the three APSRTC bus passengers near Tada two days ago, special teams have been dispatched to the native places of the victims to find out whether they had any enemies who might have carried out the gruesome murders. The assailant escaped by jumping out of the bus after the midnight mayhem.While one team has been sent to Malkanagiri in Odissa to check on the background of the victim, Ajay Biswas, two teams have gone to Ongole, the native place of the other two victims. Ajay Biswas, an unmarried youth, was killed while going to meet one of his friends in Chennai. He was the lone passenger who took the bus at Bhadrachalam. While five others boarded the bus at Vijayawada, nine passengers boarded at Ongole and another eight at Nellore.Police verified the CC camera visuals located at Vijayawada bus station but found no suspect moving in the bus depot on the day. They failed to get similar information from Ongole and Nellore bus stations as CC cameras were found not working.Police strongly suspect that the offender might have taken the bus either at Ongole or Nellore. He is reported to have gone straight back to the seat from where he rose to kill the neighbouring passenger.One of the eye-witnesses Jajula Ramesh, who was injured in the psycho's attack reportedly brieflyspoke to the police on Saturday and provided some information about the incident. He went back to his home in Prakasam district after being discharged from the hospital the same day but he was unable to speak to anyone as he was in a state of shock ever since he saw the brutal murders of fellow passengers. Ramesh told the police that he had escaped from the attack with sheer luck. He said that he had woken up sensing the movement of somebody. He was shocked to find the assailant with a knife dripping with blood and immediately tried to push him away.The knife-wielding attacker lunged at him and almost plunged the weapon into him. Luckily, Ramesh ducked the attack. However, he ended up suffering a shoulder injury. \"The driver slowed down after hearing my cries of help after being attacked by the assailant. I escaped by hitting him with my boot,\" he told the police. Even while fleeing, the assailant attacked another passenger, Rambabu, said Ramesh. He, however, could not provide the details of the facial identities in order to prepare the imaginary photographs.\"We are yet to get the sketch of the attacker made as we got little information from the passengers,\" said SP BV Ramanakumar. He said that the police could not take the statements of the passengers on the day of the incident as everyone was in a state of shock and not in a position to talk.Chittoor SP Tata Kranthi Rana said additional teams had been formed to intensify the combing operations as Nellore police provided them definite information that the assailant had entered the forest area in the district. Although police picked up at least three suspects, they let them off after hours of grilling on Saturday. Police probe was being upset with edgy locals targeting drunken persons suspecting that they were the killers.For instance, a person was severely beaten up at Rajeev Swagriha Colony in Nellore town and handed over to police by locals saying that he could be the psycho. After interrogation, police found that he was a mentally disturbed person. In another incident, the locals beat up a Tamilian at Sangam village who was dancing at the shore with half pants at midnight. Police interrogated him too but later released after finding that he came to attend a marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15247124", "title": "ID cards for retired government employees soon", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has decided to issue identity cards to retired government employees soon.This was decided at a meeting chaired by chief secretary BK Patnaik on Saturday. The public grievances and pension administration department has been asked to prepare necessary guidelines for this purpose.The proposed card, which will be useful to retired employees on various occasions as a proof of identity, will be issued by the heads of the offices from where the employee retires. It would indicate basic information like name, photograph, signature, and post held at the time of retirement, date of birth, date of superannuation, blood group, telephone number and residential address.The retired employee interested to have this card will have to apply in a prescribed format with photograph to the concerned head of office. The expenses toward preparation of the card will be borne by the employee concerned. Tentatively, it has been decided to keep the expenditure limited around Rs 20 per card, said a government release here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15245970", "title": "Pregnant woman dies mysteriously", "text": "VARANASI: Rita Yadav, a 20-year-old pregnant woman died mysteriously at her residence in Chhoti Gaibi area under Sigra police station on Friday night. According to reports, Rita, daughter of one Jagdish Narain Yadav of Cholapur, was married to Nagendra Yadav of Chhoti Gaibi area in February last. On Friday night she died mysteriously. Her in-laws claimed that while going to toilet in night she slipped from stairs and died. On receiving information of incident police reached the incident site and sent the body for postmortem.Suicide: Shivam Mishra alias Guddu (22), a native of Jansa, who was presently residing in a rented room at Jalalipatti area under Manduadih police station, committed suicide by jumping in front of a moving train near Nathupur Dagra village under Rohania police station on Saturday. He died on the spot. His family informed the police that Shivam had some mental ailments and he was under treatment for the past two months.Rape: The Manduadih police on Saturday took one person under custody for allegedly raping his sister-in-law. The girl was sent for medical examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15244813", "title": "FIR lodged against Bijnor school principal, manager", "text": "LUCKNOW: An FIR has been lodged against the principal and manager of a private school in Bijnor where six children died and 18 injured after the roof of a classroom collapsed on Friday.State basic education minister Ram Govind Chaudhary said the school was unaided and that a notice has been sent to de-recognise it. The minister told the senior officials to issue directions for inspecting all aided/recognised junior high schools in the state and submit a report within two months. He also directed the officials to carry out the repair work wherever required. He said buildings of these schools should be the prime focus.He further said that strict action will be taken against schools which will not maintain their buildings prpoerly. On Friday, six children of classes V and VII studying in Meenakshi Shishu Mandir Primary School and Manshadevi Junior High School in Bijnor district were killed after the roof of a classroom collapsed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "15246572", "title": "FIR against one serving, 5 former VB officers for abuse of power", "text": "CHANDIGARH : The Punjab government has ordered registration of FIR against a serving and five former officers of the State Vigilance Bureau for abuse of power in a patwari frame up case.The action follows an indictment report about the officers framing revenue patwari Mohan Singh in a corruption case pertaining to the paddy scam in the Punjab State Civil Supplies Corporation. As per the probe report, Mohan Singh had been punished because he had demanded mandatory fee of Rs 20 for land mutation from Shiv Kumar Sharma, then senior superintendent of police, Vigilance Bureau, Patiala range.Sharma, who is now retired, VB joint director Surinder Pal Singh, SSPs Jaspal Singh and Surjit Singh Grewal, Superintendent of Police Banarsi Das and inspector Isher Singh had been indicted in the inquiry conducted by Kahan Singh Pannu, then chief minister's principal secretary. Pannu had conducted the probe, following a complaint from the revenue patwar union, Punjab, which had met the chief secretary in March. He had submitted the probe report to the chief secretary in April.Ironically, Surinder Pal Singh was the investigating officer in the disproportionate assets case against the Badal family. He had later turned hostile leading to the acquittal of Parkash Singh Badal, Sukhbir Singh Badal and others in 2011.\" The CM has cleared the file for registration of the FIR and we have initiated the process for action, \" Rakesh Singh , chief secretary confirmed.Mohan Singh had sought government fee from Sharma in November 2009 for conducting mutation of land at Rurki village in Fatehgarh Sahib. Offended, the then SSP had threatened to teach the patwari a lesson. As per the inquiry report, the officer carried out the threat.In his report, Pannu had said, VB officials highly misused theirs powers to settle personal scores and humiliated an innocent person. In his concluding remarks, Pannu had recommended a probe into Sharma's assets. Incidentally, Sharma's son Mohit had been arrested in the 2008 diamond robbery case. Diamonds worth crores of rupees looted from Surat-based merchant had been allegedly recovered from Mohit's residence in Ludhiana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15246596", "title": "Experts: Early childhood care and education policy must take care of tribal kids' rights", "text": "RANCHI: The 'Early childhood care and education' (ECCE) policy of the Union government needs to include the rights of the tribal children, their care and education. This was the message drawn out at the one-day state level discussion on the policy on Saturday which was organized by National Advocacy Council for Development of Indigenous People (NACDIP) and Samvad.Several proposals were passed for amendment in the ECCE policy in this regard.Speaking on the occasion, Binay Pattanayak, education specialist ( Unicef ) said, \"This is a very crucial forum. The policy when analyzed doesn't include the tribal children. Tribal children have a different upbringing from the mainstream society. I feel language is a very important component in child care. Hence, the home language and school language should be bridged at pre-school level so that the children have a better school readiness.\"He said the learning centres should be child-friendly and mother tongue based. Mother tongue helps in the gradual shifting from the pre school to primary level. \"In Jharkhand , we are trying this through the Mother Tongue Based Active Language Learning (M Tall) as we are very much aware that the state is multilingual where 12 languages have been given recognition. So these languages should also be used at the pre school level also,\" he said.Talking about other proposals, National Domestic Workers Movement state coordinator Father Chetan, said: \"The RTE Act doesn't include children in the 0-6 age group but the 6-14 age group. So we have proposed that the 0-6 age group should be included. As far as the anganwadi teachers are concerned, a criteria should be of Montessori education for anganwadi workers who then only can take care of the children.\"He added, \"Many anganwadis are in the remote areas. And these areas have different geographic terrain which is also one of the reasons for dropout children who are not able to avail the facilities.\"Apart from these there were some more recommendations like the village panchayats should be given power to monitor the micro planning under the ECCE policy. All policies related to tribals and the pre-schools situated in tribal areas should come under tribal minister. Studies in the pre-schools should be in playful manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15246963", "title": "Translated vernacular literature gaining popularity", "text": "Hearts go 'padak padak' while the trusted chariot goes 'kadakada, sadasada' as it speeds across moats and bridges. As Pavithra Srinivasan sets the scene for her translation of the Tamil historical 'Sivagamiyin Sapatham', she retains some of the sights and sounds weaved into the narrative by the author, late Kalki Krishnamurthy.\"There are other translations but I thought I will try to capture some of his charming ways with words,\" says Srinivisan, whose work is slated to hit the stands this year. As Indian authors continue to dip into the rich pool of bhasha or regional literature, publishers are finding the going commercially viable.Recently, Bangalore-based publishing house Rasala brought out their first book, a 15th century love poem. 'The Message of The Koel: Uddanda Sastri's Kokila Sandesa' is a tour of medieval south India as a lovesick husband stranded in Kancheepuram uses a koel to pass on a message to his wife in Kerala. \"We translated the Sanskrit work as there is a section of readers who are interested in India's literary heritage,\" says publisher and translator Venetia Kotamraju.Many people, including techies who return from abroad, are interested in the past. \"Some learn Sanskrit, which has fallen by the wayside,\" she says. The poetry book is primarily for those who enjoy beautiful poetry.According to Singapore-based author S Vijay Kumar , there is interest in epics, mythology and regional literature. \"A few years ago, Rajaji's edition was the only English translation of Mahabharata. Now readers want new versions that will appeal to them,\" says Kumar, who is penning two historicals. \"The tech generation , mostly under 35 years of age, who commute long distances, have taken to such works,\" he says.US-based entrepreneur Ravi Venugopal started writing his ver- sions of the Ramayana to answer his daughter's questions. \"When I asked for logical explanations as a child, I was told not to question. I can't tell that to my daughter, so I tried to approach the stories from the cause and consequence angle,\" he says.The rise in translations and historical fiction coincide with the wider interest in nativism. \"Why would you preserve family photographs or buildings and monuments? Not all of them are great but are they not significant?\" asks Mini Krishnan, editor-translations of Oxford University Press-India . She has edited 73 translations because retrieving them is vital to reclaiming our identity. Indian publishers who had earlier ignored translations and regional language writers are waking up to their aesthetic and commercial potential, she says.But often the choice of subject matter and scope of retelling remain limited. \"There is not much awareness about Buddhist and Jain subjects,\" says Kumar. The deep, tragic veins of the original myths are also disappearing in the glamourised retellings, says Krishnan. According to her, there are more stories to be told. \"The most interesting experiments must still be underway in the minds of writers who are researching tribal and dalit culture,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "haladi (nabarangpur)", "code": "15246845", "title": "Road connects cut-off villages with world", "text": "HALADI (NABARANGPUR): A 4-km-long road has brought smiles on the face of villagers in Haladi panchayat of Nabarangpur district. These 2,000-odd villagers would no longer be cut off from the Raighar block headquarters during the rainy season when the water-level in the nearby mountain stream rises. Sans connectivity, people from 10 villages used to depend on bordering Chhattisgarh to meet their needs. \"During the monsoons, rainwater from the hills gushes down and water-level in the stream increases. So we remained cut-off and faced many problems. The road with a bridge is a boon to the area as now we can access hospitals, schools and markets in the block,\" said Sagaram Gond of Kukurthopa village.These group of villages, situated amidst thick forests and hills on Odisha-Chhattisgarh border, is a Maoist hotbed and road connectivity to the block headquarters was a long-standing demand of the people. The newly-constructed road connects Santapara, which lies on one side of the stream, with Anchala that is 30 km from Raighar.Earlier, villagers used to walk 10 km amidst woods to reach the nearest road point and then the bus covers around 30 km to reach Mainpur, a sub-divison town of Chhattisgarh to meet their necessities in the rainy season. While healthcare facilities were virtually non-existent in the area in the monsoon, students were unable to reach schools.Locals hope that the road will boost their economy as farmers will now be able to sell their produce at the urban market. \"Farmers can take their produce to Raighar and Nabarangpur. While patients can also be shifted to Gona hospital which is just seven km from here, students will not face problems in going to school and college,\" said Rotiram Gond, a college student of Santapara village. The new road has not only made residents of 10 villages in Haladi panchayat happy but also that of three villages each in Gona and Timanpur panchayats. Their distance too from the block headquaters has been reduced by several kilometres.\"Haladi is a Maoist-hit panchayat on the Odisha-Chhattisgarh border. So, to instill a sense of confidence among the people, we constructed the Rs 50-lakh road under the IAP fund,\" said Nabarangpur collector Sibabrata Das. The Centre provided an annual grant of Rs 30 crore to 60 districts of the country affected by Left-wing extremists for infrastructure development under the IAP in 2012-13. The programme was launched in December 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15243067", "title": "Medical company closes facility, workers protest", "text": "GURGAON: Over 2,000 workers of a medical equipment manufacturing company held a peaceful protest against their employees, in Udyog Vihar, for not paying them the last two months' salaries.The company, Eastern Medikit, was established in Gurgaon in the year 1988. Workers claimed that the offices had been left open but they were not being given any work. \"Eastern Medikit Ltd has kept all the offices of its departments open, but no work is being done, and the workers are sitting idle,\" said Sanjay Malik, president of the labour union at the plant.\"They cut our power supply on May 10 but we continued to work till May 18 by using DG sets. Soon, the management put up a notice saying that the plant has been shut,\" said Malik. Local police, meanwhile, is unaware of the labour agitation in the company. A senior police officer said, \"There is no report of agitation by workers in our area but the police will take suitable action if ever anything like this happens.\"It was not possible to ascertain the exact cause of closure of the company, which has a corporate office %in Delhi. The state labour department said that the company accused the workers of being on an \"illegal\" strike.The workers, however, claimed they had been reporting for work every day.Worried that this situation \"may precipitate into a big industrial unrest\" in the already tense Gurgaon industrial belt, the Hind Mazdoor Sabha has written a letter to Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on the issue.\"There have been instances of such neglect, ignorance, reluctance and rigidity in the past, too, and, in some cases, have resulted in a serious labour problem,\" HMS secretary A D Nagpal said in the letter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15243993", "title": "Altitude drives the doctors", "text": "NAGPUR: Combining passions as diverse as enjoying nature and driving, alongside having an adventure unlike any one has had may be difficult for most people. A team of doctors from the city, who have formed a club called 'Adventurers', did this a few days ago when they went for a Trans Himalayan car excursion.The 13-member team, comprising not just doctors but also their spouses and kids, visited the most pristine parts of the mountains, crossed through treacherous terrain, high altitudes, rivulets, survived landslides, sleet, rain and snowfall to promote peace over 12 days. Organised by Cougar Motor Sports, Lonely Planet and BBC, the trip included covering three of the world's highest motorable roads.The itinerary also included Pangong Tso Lake, where the climax of '3 Idiots' was shot. The team comprised Dr Shantanu and Shilpa Mukerji and Dr Dilip Rathi, who were the winners of the Desert Dash in December. Other members included Dr Neeta Rathi, Dr Ashish and Roopal Choubey, Dr Rakhi Jindal and her husband Rajeev along with all their kids.Many an adversity was faced by the team during this journey. \"We began from Delhi and ended at Srinagar. Immediately after leaving Shimla , there was a landslide, later the radiator of one of our cars broke and the vehicle had to be towed for repairs. After crossing Manali, there was huge mud slush at Rohtang Pass,\" recounted Dr Mukerji.Driving was becoming more difficult with each of the mountain passes as the atmosphere was rarified with less oxygen and there was heavy rain and snowfall. One of the lead drivers Ashish said, \"It was a grueling drive as the roads were barely motorable. Both men and machine were suffering from mountain sickness, making things more difficult. While the beauty around was giving us a constant high the difficulties were putting us down.\"However many difficulties the 13-member team faced, they have only good memories to share. \"It was an adventurous and educative trip, especially for the kids. It was easier for them to understand the concepts taught in school like fold mountains, oceanic beds, cold deserts, etc. It was a pleasure and a learning experience to know how the Himalayas were formed and to find the remnants of the oceanic bed there,\" said Neeta.She also recalled how other tourists told them that the hostile terrain was not safe for children. \"In fact, several of them were surprised that mothers would allow their kids to come on such a journey,\" said Neeta. As Jindal puts it, the children were in better health than the adults. \"Despite a daily run of around 10-12 hours, the children were excited all through the trip,\" she said.Agreed Choubey, \"My 5 \u00bd year old daughter Rynna was the youngest traveler. She has been telling all her friends that her Papa took her to such an exotic locale.\"No serious medical problem other than altitude sickness was faced by these travelers. The group visited monasteries, palaces, local houses and interacted with the locals at Ladakh, as also the Kargil War Memorial. They stayed in tents by the flowing rivers, spotting various local animals including yaks. And were they rewarded? They were able to see cloud burst in the valley, a phenomenon that took place after four years and the rain in the region near the Pangong Tso lake that they witnessed had not happened for seven years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15244672", "title": "No cellphones for children even after school hours: Govt", "text": "CHENNAI: The school education department has issued a circular banning the use of mobile phones by students, even after working hours in school. Though schools have independently banned students from bringing mobile phones, this is the first time the government has formally asked them not to use phones even outside the classroom.The circular was among the topics discussed at a meeting organised by the transport department and school correspondents on Saturday. \"Taking into account the danger posed by the use of mobile phones in school buses and in classrooms, schools must ensure that no student brings mobile phones to school. It is a huge distraction,\" said an official from the department.While parents admit that phones are a major distraction, they argue that the instrument gives them peace of mind. \"At least we know we can contact our child at anytime. They may not be truthful in telling us where they are, but we know they can call us in times of emergency and so can we,\" said J Prithviraj, who has a teenage son. The trend of juggling tuitions is another factor that calls for mobile phones, say parents. \"My daughter goes to four tuitions. When one gets over she calls me to pick her up and drop her for the next. This way she doesn't have to waste time or risk her safety hiring an auto,\" says Aparna V whose daughter studies in Class 11.School authorities say the conflict has been there for long. \"Parents justify their decision to buy their children cellphones,\" said a school principal. \"They claim that both of them are working, but children need to enter the house, go for tuitions and classes and need a phone to co-ordinate their daily activities,\" she said.At the Saturday meeting, the transport department gave schools a 24-hour grievance number (9383337639) they can call during an emergency or to register complaints.Another number (9445030516) will be operational from 7am to 9am. Schools were requested to specify the vehicle number, route and time in case of a complaint. \"We have 20,000 employees, so only if we get complaints with these details will we be able to pull up the person concerned,\" said R Subramaniam, assistant superintendent, transport department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15245230", "title": "Deccan Chronicle Holdings Limited is almost insolvent, says Industrial Finance Corporation of India Ltd", "text": "HYDERABAD: Deccan Chronicle Holdings Limited (DCHL) has liabilities running into thousands of crores of rupees that may lead to the erosion of the entire net worth of the company and make it commercially unviable and insolvent, Industrial Finance Corporation of India Ltd (IFCI) has said in the winding-up petition which it has filed in the high court against the Hyderabad-based company.Contending that DCHL was unable to discharge debts of its creditors and had almost become insolvent, IFCI urged the high court to order winding up of the company under the relevant sections of the Companies Act 1956. The high court was also requested to appoint an official liquidator and restrain the company and its officials from disposing of, transferring or encumbering the company's assets pending the admission hearing and final disposal of the petition.The petition was filed by IFCI on Friday after DCHL defaulted on redemption of 250 unsecured redeemable non-convertible debentures (NCDs) on June 26 this year and failed to pay up its dues of Rs 27,80,47,945 despite \"repeated requests and demands\".The NCDs were part of a Rs 150 crore NCDissue made by way of private placement by DCHL with Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC) last year at an interest rate of 11.25% per annum for a tenure of 364 days. In July last year, 250 of these NCDs were acquired by IFCI from IDFC.IFCI said DCHL had massive secured and unsecured debts running into thousands of crores of rupees with various banks, financial institutions, non-banking finance institutions etc. and feared that many more winding up petitions may be filed by other creditors as the company had defaulted on several liabilities.It also cited the recent order of a London court ordering the company to pay Pounds 10,533,478 (around Rs 90 crore) to Tim Wright, the former chief executive of its Indian Premier League team Deccan Chargers , for breach of employment contract as one of the major liabilities facing the company.In its petition, IFCI also revealed that DCHL chairman T Venkattram Reddy had visited their offices in Delhi on June 30 of this year and given a stamped undertaking acknowledging the company's liability of Rs 25 crore plus interest on the NCDs with a promise to make the full payment to IFCI by July 4 this year.IFCI also said that following this meeting, DCHL had arranged for a payment of Rs 2,80,47,945 via RTGS (real time gross settlement) towards interest of 11.25% per annum on the NCDs and gave two cheques, dated July 4, for the principal amount of Rs 25 crore drawn on ICICI Bank at Chennai as well as for Rs 7,36,718 drawn on ICICI Bank, Secunderabad. The cheque of Rs 25 crore, however, was dishonoured by the bank on grounds of insufficient funds.After this, IFCI filed an application before the Debt Recovery Tribunal in Delhi for recovery of Rs 25,17,28,944 against DCHL on July 16, this year.IFCI said that the action of DCHL in failing to redeem the NCDs on the due date was sufficient to establish that the company had no funds to pay off its dues in the first instance and the letter of DCHL requesting IFCI for a cure period (grace period) of 30 days to redeem the dues with interest had further established that the company was unable to pay off the dues and reconfirmed its inability to pay up the amount due to IFCI.DCHL officials could not be reached for comments despite repeated attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "15245289", "title": "Special sub jail goes musical with FM radio", "text": "KANNUR: The remand prisoners in the special sub jail of Kannur Central Prison can now listen to their favourite songs sitting inside their cells. Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan on Saturday inaugurated the public address system, an FM radio service, and a coin-box telephone at the jail.\"We should make sure that the convicts reaching here are transformed into good human beings and efforts should be made to create an environment that would prevent them from doing any cruel acts,\" he said.Underscoring the government's commitment to jail reforms, he also said now the jails are earning over Rs 1 crore by selling chappatis and other food articles in the open market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15244866", "title": "Central institute to help check diarrhoea", "text": "CHENNAI: A week after trying to contain the diarrhoea outbreak in parts of the city, the Chennai Corporation has sought help from the National Institute of Epidemiology in Ayappakkam to do a situation analysis and help evolve an action plan to make drinking water safe.Two moths ago, epidemiologists at the institute helped the government battle the dengue outbreak in the southern districts. Of more than 300 patients admitted with diarrheoa to the Kilpauk Medical College Hospital and the Communicable Diseases Hospital in Tondiarpet in the past 10 days, four tested positive for cholera. On Saturday, 20 people were admitted to the two hospitals with diarrhoea. \"We are visiting the affected areas along with the state and civic officials to assess what is happening,\" NIE director Dr Sanjay Mehendale said.Initial observations found that many residents in the slums of Chetpet continued to drink water without boiling. \"Water was chlorinated at the distribution point but at the supply points we were not sure if it was clean. It was not chlorinated again and it wasn't being boiled. Some people thought it was enough to warm the water,\" said a public health department official.On Saturday, TOI visited some houses in Osankulam and neighbouring areas in Chetpet and found roads waterlogged and garbage piling up. Some residents said they started buying water cans but many others said they did not boil water either because they thought the quality was good or because they could not afford to buy kerosene. \"There are five members in my family. If I have to boil water for drinking, a major part of my salary will be spent on kerosene. We would have nothing left for food,\" said Raj Kumar NV, a driver. His wife is now in the KMCH with diarrhoea.Last week, Metrowater officials distributed pamphlets urging residents to draw water only during the pumping hours, between 5am and 8am. Yet, many were seen queuing for water two hours later. \"The water we draw in the morning gets over soon,\" said Hussain, an Osankulam resident whose mother-in-law Puliamma, 60, died at the KMCH where she was admitted for diarrhoea.Metrowater officials said they were doing their best. \"We close the valve after pumping hours and also supply water through five tankers to Osankulam and Bhoopathy Nagar,\" a Metrowater official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15244823", "title": "SP meetings from July 31 to August 6", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party on Saturday released its fresh schedule to hold its meeting of legislators, members of the state executive and party functionaries at the district levels. The meetings, which will be held between July 31 and August 6, will be chaired by party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav.These meeting were earlier scheduled to be held from July 27, but were cancelled in the last minute with the SP citing the ongoing month of Ramzan. The cancellation of these meetings coincided with the Azam's stern letter which he wrote to SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav expressing his dissatisfaction over his removal as incharge of Meerut. Khan was, though, reinstated.Interestingly, according to the schedule released by SP on Saturday, the meeting of legislators scheduled on July 31, will be held at the chief minister residence at 5, Kalidas Marg instead of the party office at Vikramaditya Marg in Lucknow.However, the rest three - state executive meeting (August 4), meeting of district presidents, general secretary (August 5) and meeting of youth units (on August 6) - will take place at the party's office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15246827", "title": "Minister raises Chiranjeevi-as-CM pitch", "text": "HYDERABAD: The repeated assertions of Congress MP Chiranjeevi that he is eyeing the CM 'gaddi' has the Kiran Kumar Reddy camp rattled. On Saturday, Chiranjeevi aide and endowments minister C Ramachandraiah said in Dwaraka Tirumala in West Godavari district that the people were 'fed up' with the present leadership in the Congress party and wanted Chiranjeevi to become chief minister of the state.\"The day is not far off when Chiranjeevi will become chief minister. He will definitely provide able leadership to the state,\" Ramachandraiah told a cheering crowd of Kapus after inaugurating a community marriage function hall in the district. Incidentally, Kapu ministers Vatti Vasant Kumar and Thota Narasimham (Congress), Ghanta Srinivasa Rao (erstwhile PRP) and BC minister Pithani Satyanarayana (also of Congress) were present when Ramachandraiah strongly pitched for Chiranjeevi as CM.The endowments minister's confident assertion left the CM camp livid as it has happened just days after Kiran Kumar Reddy complained to the Congress high command about some vocal CM-baiters like health minister D L Ravindra Reddy and got them silenced. \"It is clear that despite all his denials, Chiranjeevi is in a hurry to become the chief minister,\" said a CM aide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15243157", "title": "18 Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation drivers caught drunk", "text": "HYDERABAD: A special drive was taken up by Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (APSRTC) in the last two days, in which 18 drivers were caught driving in an inebriated state. \"So far, 18 cases of drunken driving have been detected across the state. Departmental action will be taken against them,'' APSRTC officials said in a press release.In a recent meeting, APSRTC managing director A K Khan had announced that drivers would not be spared if they were caught driving under the influence of alcohol. The officials said another drive would be taken up to clamp down on fake concessional bus passes.\"It has come to light that some people were producing fake bonafide certificates and fake identity cards while taking concessional student bus passes by approaching mediators.Special vigilance teams have been formed to detect illegal concessional student bus passes users. In this regard, four police cases have been booked against 12 persons so far,'' officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15245113", "title": "Art teacher held for abettment to suicide", "text": "PANAJI: Kanhaiya Naik, a former art teacher at a city school, was arrested on Saturday for abetting the suicide of the 17-year-old girl student he is accused of raping. The girl had immolated herself on Tuesday, shortly after Naik's release on bail, and she succumbed to burn injuries on Friday.Naik was arrested from his Ribandar residence soon after a complaint was filed by the girl's father that the 45-year-old had abetted his daughter to commit suicide shortly after his release from jail. Naik has been booked under IPC Section 305 (abetment to suicide of a child).Women's groups have called for a candlelight rally on July 29 at the Panaji church square to show solidarity with the victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15244190", "title": "Plans to set up blood bank at Nashik's government-run hospital", "text": "NASHIK: A full-fledged 'Metro Blood Bank' with state- of- the-art equipment is in the offing at the state government-run Civil Hospital.\"Spread across 3,300 sq ft , the metro blood bank will be created within the Civil Hospital campus to help patients especially during emergencies such as accidents,\" said civil surgeon B D Pawar.Highlighting that the facility will be based on the bank at JJ Hospital in Mumbai, Dr P J Bardapurkar, who is in charge of the blood bank at the Hospital, said that the bank's construction would cost around Rs 92 lakh in addition to Rs 5.5 lakh for an electricity connection. \"The proposal over the bank's construction, including getting power supply, is being sent to the state government for approval,\" Bardapurkar said.Two major national highways pass through Nashik, and both witness high traffic, which leads to many accidents. The hospital is busy with such emergency cases which consequently sees a heavy demand for blood bags, Bardapurkar added. \"The non-availability of blood forces the patient's family to run from one private blood bank to another, and that too for a higher cost. The new bankwill aim to deliver blood at reasonable rates to patients,\" an official said. The proposal has been sanctioned by the State Blood Transfusion Council (SBTC). The district sees a demand of nearly 300 blood bags on an average even while there are six private blood banks in addition to one each at the Civil Hospital, Bytco Hospital and the cantonment board.According to sources, the blood banks are able to meet the current demand but the hospitals anticipate a rise in demand given the expansion of the highways and Nashik's growing population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15253879", "title": "Transportation experts demand space below flyovers for traffic", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai's leading transportation experts and social activists have demanded to offer the right-turning traffic on the city's junctions below flyovers a space close to their (flyovers') pillars to avoid congestion and ensure smooth flow of traffic. This they say will ensure smooth flow of straight-going and right-turning traffic at junctions.Their request has come through a joint letter written to the MSRDC upon latters' latest proposal to beautify spaces below flyovers with landscapes, advertisements, showrooms and pay-and-park operation and management.Reacting to the proposal, they said that traffic polie, MMRDA, and BMC had already agreed to their suggestions for leaving certain space on junctions below flyovers for right-turning traffic to ease vehicle movement during peak hours.\"In fact these state agencies have asked us to provide detail planning of use of such spaces for traffic. MMRDA has asked us to redesign Kalanagar flyover junction and similarly for Vakola flyover where a space can be provided between the two pillars of the flyover,\" they stated.The letter has been signed by experts and activists namely Ashok Datar, Trupti Amritwar, Jagdeep Desai, SHerley Singh and A V SHenoy on behalf of Mumbai Environmental Social Network, Improvement of Quality of Life in Mumbai Suburbs (IOQLMS) and Mumbai Vikas Samiti.\"We made these drawings in 2009 which were appreciated amongst others- by World Bank and Guggenheim foundation- and found that the same concept can also be used under Vile Parle and Kalina part of Vakola flyover .This concept can later be extended to many flyovers. However it was partly and half-heartedly done at Vakola flyover,\" they stated in a letter.\"This all happened by simply ignoring the basic concepts of traffic flows and uniformly lacking under all the flyovers bringing a very bad name to Mumbai over last 15 years. We don't know any progress of such proposals which can create hurdle for the traffic flow. It now appears that it is being done to meet gross under recoveries from the tolls which has become a political issue,\" they stated.\"A rational utilization of the space under the flyovers for traffic, cleaning and traffic-clearing machinery, proper organized and marked parking, and for improving the overall ambience be done rather than allowing misuse and profiteering in the name of parking to a few vendors,\" they have stated at the end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15245041", "title": "University of Hyderabad goes for hi-tech security", "text": "HYDERABAD: University of Hyderabad has decided to go hi-tech on surveillance starting this academic year. On Friday, the university closed down all its entrances to visitors other than the main gate and installed a Visitor Management System (VMS) - essentially a camera that produces an instant photo ID which is valid for a day for movement in campus. The university will now be printing ID cards everyday to prevent those employed or studying in the campus from using its space.The university authorities will now be able to know the number of people visiting its campus on any given day. It will also help them know how many visitors are present on campus at any given time, officials said. All the visitors will gain entry only from the main gate and they have to return the pass at the same gate while leaving the campus. On an average 300 to 400 visitors come to the University of Hyderabad daily.Interestingly, the university officials were instructed by the police to strengthen its security system as part of their surveillance project which is underway in the Hi-Tec City and Madhapur area and on main roads which connect the same. Other campuses which have their gates on the main road were asked to take certain security measures, Chandanagar police officials said.The university officials, however, said that the idea to start such a surveillance system was proposed about a year back. \"We do not want residents of surrounding villages to use the university campus as a way to get to the main road. We've also had trouble with ex-students staying on in university hostels. These problems can be checked by the surveillance camera,\" said Victor Kumar, security officer, University of Hyderabad.University officials admitted that the upcoming biodiversity conference, delegates for which are to be put up on campus, had provided the added push required to set up security measures.\"We'll have foreign delegates living on campus; hence, the new surveillance system would only strengthen security,\" said Kumar. The software for this e-pass machine has been developed by M/s Cognat IT Services, Hyderabad, along with the staff at the Administration Computer Centre and the security department of the University of Hyderabad.University of Hyderabad is not the first campus which has introduced electronic surveillance on campus. English and Foreign Languages University has already installed CCTVs at its gates and, recently, Osmania University, know for its Telangana strikes and violence, was asked by police to install CCTVs at prime locations on campus. \"The footage will be used to identify troublemakers,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15245144", "title": "Teachers claim foul play, seek withdrawal of transfer orders", "text": "CHENNAI: A section of teachers across the state alleged that vacancies in many government arts and science colleges in the city and other urban areas were being filled ahead of the scheduled counselling for transfer which begins on August 6.Sources said the counselling will be held to fill up 1,600 vacant posts in 69 government colleges across the state through transfer. Hundreds of government college teachers have applied to take part in the counselling. Many teachers, however, alleged that more than 50 transfer orders had been issued by the directorate of collegiate education in the past week.\"Sometimes administrative transfer orders are issued or teachers are sent on deputation to a particular college, but it only happened in one or two cases at a time. However, more than 50 transfer orders were issued hurriedly a week ago,\" said L Prathaban, general secretary of the Tamil Nadu Government College Teachers' Association.During counselling, the transfer order is given on the seniority basis. But such discrepancies may upset the whole process. Many senior teachers, who have been waiting for 10 to 15 years to work in a city college , lose their chance, while teachers with minimum experience occupy positions in city colleges, said academics.\"We were happy when the state government put in place a transparent process of transfer last year. But, nothing has changed. We want the recent transfer orders to be revoked and all of them to be filled through the counselling process,\" Prathaban said.Protesting against the recent transfers, teachers also held demonstrations in front of government colleges on Saturday and threatened to go on a hunger-strike. The teachers said that several telegrams had been sent to the offices of the chief minister, higher education minister, higher education secretary and the directorate of collegiate education. Higher education secretary T S Sridhar, however, denied receiving such complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15247267", "title": "Inspector killed in car accident", "text": "TRICHY: An inspector of police in Perambalur was fatally knocked to death as the jeep he was travelling in hit a roadside tamarind tree early on Saturday morning at Siruvachur. The inspector Selvam, 45, attached to the Mangalamedu police station had already been transferred to Thiruvannamalai district a month ago, but was waiting for the relieving order due to the shortage of personnel in Perambalur district. Ironically, he had been given a farewell party on Friday evening.Selvam finally got his relieving order on Friday and was scheduled to take charge at Thiruvannamalai on Monday. He had gone to Trichy to see DIG A Amalraj as a matter of courtesy but met with the accident while driving back to Perambalur from Trichy, well past midnight. He was driving the jeep himself. Originally from Tirunelveli district, Selvam was staying alone in Mangalamedu where he was posted, while his family lived in Chennai. He is survived by his wife Selvi, daughter Shalini, a 11th standard student and a son Rithish, in the sixth grade.Perambalur SP Rajasekharan rushed to the accident site on Saturday morning and Selvam's body was sent to Perambalur government hospital for post-mortem. A large number of police personnel including DIG Amalraj of Trichy range assembled at the hospital and paid their last respects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15242870", "title": "Mumbai eateries may go for floating rates", "text": "MUMBAI: Menu cards may disappear from more than 7,000 restaurants and bars across Mumbai as these establishments lean towards floating rates to keep up with the yo-yoing fuel prices.Frequent changes in the price of LPG as well as that of petrol and diesel affect costing of restaurant fare, says Ahar, the umbrella organization of these establishments. A change in the cost of LPG has a direct bearing on the price of the food being made in the kitchens. The swing in rates of vehicular fuels leads to change in the prices of ingredients, indirectly affecting cost at a restaurant.So, most bar and restaurant owners have decided to go for floating rates. In this scenario, elaborate printed menus do not have a place. These establishments have started replacing the printed menus with handwritten daily menus on blackboards or electronic/LED display boards.\"We have been struggling with the problem of variable LPG prices and that of petrol and diesel. The cost of printing a new menu card set is close to Rs 20,000. The other option is to use stickers to change the existing cards, but it makes them look shabby and unprofessional. Some restaurants have discontinued with printed menu cards and have resorted to blackboards or electronic display boards to facilitate frequent changes in menus and their prices on a daily or weekly basis as per the floating prices of fuel,\" said Ahar president Sudhakar Shetty.Another less radical alternative is also being discussed though it remains to be seen how many pitch for it. There is a proposal to add a certain percentage towards fuel adjustment charge (FAC), like in power bills, to your food bills instead of changing menus and rates every week. What has made Ahar decide to change things is also the possibility of frequent changes in power rates.Ahar general secretary Shashikant Shetty said several restaurants and bars have forwarded a proposal to Ahar to opt for LED display boards similar to ones used in foreign exchange currency counters. He said in European and American restaurants food prices are flashed in similar fashion as can be changed on an hourly basis with a click of mouse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "15247504", "title": "For social media entry, Apple eyes stake in Twitter", "text": "NEW YORK: Looking to create a space in social media, technology giant Apple has held talks in recent months with micro-blogging site Twitter on the possibility of undertaking multi-million dollar investments in the network, a media report has said. \"Apple, which has stumbled in its efforts to get into social media, has talked with Twitter in recent months about making a strategic investment in it,\" The New York Times said on Friday, citing a source. According to the daily, the iphone maker has considered investing hundreds of millions of dollars, that could take Twitter's value up to $10 billion compared to its valuation of $8.4 billion last year. However, citing a source, the daily said the two companies are not in negotiations at the moment but the recent talks are a sign that they may form a stronger partnership amid intensifying competition from Google and Facebook. Both Twitter and Apple declined to comment on the matter, the daily added. Apple has strongly sewn Twitter features into its phones and tablets, while Twitter has put more resources into managing its relationship with Apple, the daily said. \"... such a deal would give Apple more access to Twitter's deep understanding of the social Web, and pave the way for closer Twitter integration into Apple's products,\" it said. According to the publication , Twitter with more than 140 million monthly active users has nearly $600 million cash in hand and does not need Apple's investment. Moreover, the social network site is widely expected to pursue a public offering within the next few years irrespective of its deal with Apple, the daily said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "15246595", "title": "Ministers urged to improve condition of Dhanbad hospitals", "text": "DHANBAD: Elected representatives in the district board and municipal corporation on Saturday asked health minister Hemlal Murmu and revenue minister Mathura Prasad Mahto to improve the condition of hospitals in the district. They were speaking at the meeting of the district planning committee here.Priyaranjan, a councillor from ward 26 and vice-chairman of Parshad Ekkta Manch, an organization of the elected representatives of the Dhanbad Municipal Corporation, told the ministers that the Sadar Hospital here had plunged into darkness as the electric wires were too old. \"Even the corridor of the hospital was without light,\" he said. \"The government prepares a plan to improve the hospital by spending crores of rupees, but the hospital, which can be improved by spending a few thousands of rupees, remains neglected. Doctors and nurses remain absent and the patients do not get medicines,\" one of them complained.The meeting, which was attended by MLAs Arup Chaterjee, Dhullu Mahto and Phulchand Mandal and councillors Nirmal Mukherjee, Rustam Ansari, Imtiaz Khan, Madan Mahto and Mahesh Paswan, discussed the problems of non-supply of electricity and poor road conditions in the district.The representatives demanded action against a contractor from Andhra Pradesh who was given the task of laying down water supply pipeline in town. The contractor's engineers, they alleged, have damaged the Naya Bazar-Wasseypur road. The road should be repaired and the cost should be recovered from the contractor, they demanded.The ministers said the Centre had sanctioned Rs 28.50 crore under the backward region development fund for development of panchayat buildings and anganwadis in nine blocks of the district. Baghmara block will get Rs 6.9 crore, Baliyapur Rs 2.17 crore, Govindpur Rs 4.61 crore, Nirsa Rs 2.6 crore and Dhanbad block will get Rs 1.52 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15255399", "title": "Snoop Dogg barred from Norway over weed possession", "text": "Snoop Dogg has been banned from entering Norway for two years after trying to enter the country with a small amount of marijuana last month.The rapper's lawyer has said that the 40-year-old rapper \"can live with the decision\" and has no immediate plans to appeal against it, TMZ.com reported.The singer had been stopped at customs at the Kjevic Airport in Kristiansand on June 28 where officials discovered 8 grams of weed.He was fined a little less than 2,000 dollars, which he paid on the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15244909", "title": "Rajnath Singh and Sharad Yadav meet Teotia in Dasna jail", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior Bharatiya Janata Party leader Rajnath Singh and Sharad Yadav of the Janta Dal(United) on Saturday met farmers' leader Manveer Teotia. The two leaders reached Dasna jail in Ghaziabad district and met jailed Teotia in the morning and assured him of pressing for his release from the jail. The meeting of the two leaders with Teotia in the jail lasted for about 40 minutes.Later talking to TOI from Ghaziabad, Rajnath Singh said, \"It (meeting Teotia) was not all of a sudden. It just happened that BJP leaders had visited Bhatta-Parsaul when the farmers were protesting and had expressed solidarity with them. Even I had visited the area when the farmers were agitating.\"Teotia was put behind bars by Mayawati government after violence at Bhatta-Parsaul led to the death of around four persons including two policemen in May last year.Hitting out at the Samajwadi Party government, Singh said that when the Bhatta-Parsaul farmers had stage a protest against illogical land acquisition, Samajwadi Party leaders had also expressed solidarity with the farmers.In fact, along with BJP leaders including him, several Samajwadi Party leaders had also courted arrest as part of their support to the farmers.It was obviously expected from the Akhilesh Yadav-led Samajwadi Party government to ensure release of the farmer leader Manveer Singh Teotia after forming the government. \"However, surprisingly nothing has been done so far,\" Singh told TOI.Earlier, after the meeting with Teotia, JD(U) leader Sharad Yadav said that farmers' interest should not be ignored. \"I demand immediate release of Manveer Singh Teotia, as nothing has been done despite assurance by so many leaders of various political parties, who had earlier come and met the farmer leader,\" the senior NDA leader said.On future course of action, Rajnath said that he would hold a meeting with Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and demand release of Teotia. Farmers' can't be suppressed for so long, Singh further said and added there has to be a way out as it has been a year since Teotia was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15245521", "title": "\u2018I\u2019m innocent\u2019, says minor accused", "text": "PATNA: \"Hum galat nahin hain, hum kuch galat nahin kiye hain. Hum sirf video dikhaye the (I am not wrong. I did not do anything wrong. I only showed the video clip to the girl),\" said a minor, accused in the gang rape of Ria (name changed), who was arrested by the police on Thursday.Another accused in the same case surrendered before the chief judicial magistrate's court here on Friday morning.With this, all the four boys allegedly involved in the gang rape case are in police custody. Three suspects had either surrendered or were arrested on Wednesday and Thursday.After his arrest from Jaitpur in Siwan district on Thursday, the 15-year-old accused was produced before the juvenile court on Friday, where he repeatedly said he had not committed any wrong.A police official said on condition of anonymity, \"The minor accused was sent to juvenile remand home. He, in his confession, did not admit any crime.\"Meanwhile, after a high-voltage drama and allegedly under social pressure, the son of owner of the flat where gang rape took place, surrendered before the Patna police on Friday night.\"He surrendered before the police and our purpose is solved,\" City SP, Patna, Jayant Kant said.He went to a television channel to plead his innocence and surrendered before police in the channel's studio. \"I allowed use of the flat and I was present during the incident, but never touched the girl,\" he told the TV channel.City SP said the Patna police team got transit remand of one of the accused from a Jalandhar court and he will probably reach Patna on Saturday.He added that a three-member Patna police team, along with the main accused, would also reach Patna from Shimla on Saturday.Meanwhile, Chandramukhi Devi, member, State Commission for Women, said, \"I wrote to DGP Abhayanand on Friday, requesting him to give a detailed report of the case and to arrange for security of the girl as she has to visit several places as part of the investigation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15246277", "title": "Gutka-makers move high court, challenge ban", "text": "MUMBAI: Gutka manufacturers have moved Bombay high court to challenge the state government's ban on gutka and paan masala. Around half a dozen petitions will come up before the HC on Monday , questioning the constitutional validity of the barely 10-day old notification issued by the government.The petitions insist gutka cannot be treated and regulated as \"food\" as it has \"no nutritional value\" and highlight the \"discriminatory nature\" of the ban that has brought their business to a \"complete halt\".Dhariwal Industries and Ghodawat Pan Masala Products , two flavoured-tobacco majors in the state , are among the petitioners. They want the July 19 notification and the two regulations under the Food Safety and Standards Act of 2006 , based on which the state issued the ban , set aside as unconstitutional and contrary to a 2004 Supreme Court judgment which ruled against a similar ban. The manufacturers also want the court to order the state to stop raiding their vendors as an interim measure. \"Areca nut growersdepend on the gutka and paan masala industry and the ban will cause severe harm to farmers,\" they argued.Maharashtra issued the ban under the Food Safety and Standards Act on the grounds that presence of magnesium carbonate in paan masala containing tobacco is injurious to health. The manufacturers' main argument appears to be that the \"state exercising delegated powersunder theFSS Act 2006, which is a general Act, can't prohibit the mixture of tobacco with paan masala when there exists a special central law, the Tobacco Act of 2003, to deal with tobacco products.\" Gutka should be treated as a tobacco product and not food merely because it is consumed orally, they say, but add it has only 6% tobacco. \"Food connotes to all that is eaten for taste and nourishment but not for intoxication or pleasure ... gutka is consumed for pleasure,\" says a petition.They say the ban is discriminatory as \"magnesium carbonate has been permitted in table salt, onion powder, garlic powder, fruit powder, soup powder, bubblegum, chewing gum, instant mixes, etc.\" The manufacturers also complained that the \"pure or raw tobacco industry has been exempted\".Profit vs public health?The manufacturers' argumentsAll items consumed orally are not \"food\", for instance medicine and narcotics, the petition says, pointing out special laws that regulate these drugsGutka is a tobacco product and must be governed only by the Tobacco Act, not the Food Safety and Standards ActPast attempts to ban gutkaThe state issued bans in 2002 and then in 2008, but encountered legal roadblocksIn 2010 the state government banned sale of gutka within 100 meters of educational institutionsThe present ban is under the Food Safety and Standards Act brought into effect last yearBan in other statesKerala, Madhya Pradesh, Goa and Bihar have already banned the sale of gutkaRule relied on by the govt to notify the banRegulation 2.3.4 of the Food Safety Standards Prohibition and Restrictions on Sales) Regulations, 2011 prohibits sale of products that contain any substance injurious to health and prohibits tobacco and nicotine as ingredients in any food products Regulation 3.1.7 of the Food Safety and Standards (Food Products Standards and Food Additives) Regulations, 2011, restricts use of anticaking agents like carbonates of calcium and magnesium in foods except where specifically allowed like in table salt, onion powder, fruit powder and soup powder, but not more than 2%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15243704", "title": "Two more arrested in extortion and blast case", "text": "NAGPUR: Ganeshpeth police and crime branch in joint action arrested two more persons in the extortion and bomb hurl case. The arrested duo had sold four SIM cards to main accused and mastermind Ravindra Devangan and his accomplices who threatened and tried to extort huge amounts from city builders and businessmen.It is learnt that Sanghadeep Khobragade and Ankit Bansod worked at a retail shop which sold mobile phone handsets and SIM cards at Kamal chowk. The duo did not bother to verify any documents before doling out the SIMs.Two more from a shop at Central Bazaar Road too have been rounded up for questioning. Around six SIMs have been seized from Devangan and his aides who have been arrested earlier this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "rampur(up)", "code": "15253443", "title": "Who will meet your demands: Azam Khan asks Team Anna", "text": "RAMPUR(UP): Samajwadi Party leader Mohd Azam Khan today asked Team Anna as to who will meet their demands after they have exhibited \"distrust\" in the government and Parliament.\"When they have been accusing the President and the Prime Minister and exhibiting distrust in Parliament then from whom the said activists want their demands to be met?\" Khan said while talking to reporters here.On the strife in Assam , he said the delayed deployment of the Army led to the flare up in violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15245231", "title": "Regional Passport Office may also accept Aadhaar proof", "text": "HYDERABAD: Aadhaar card and residential certificate issued by tehsildars may be treated, among other documents, as proof of an applicant's credentials for issuing a passport. The passport authorities accept passport applications based on 14 documents such as voter ID card or electoral photo identity card (EPIC), ration card, PAN, driving licence, birth certificates issued under the Registration of Birth &amp; Death (RBD) Act, service identity card issued by state/central governments, public sector undertakings (PSUs), freedom fighter identity cards, arms licences, railway identity card, student identity cards issued by recognised educational institutions.A few weeks ago, the Regional Passport Office (RPO), Hyderabad, had sent a proposal to the ministry of external affairs (MEA) stating that Aadhaar cards and residential certificates may be treated as a valid proof of applicants' credentials. \"We found over 50 cases of applicants submitting fake voter IDs and ration cards. To prevent such fraud, we suggested that Aadhaar Card and residential certificate issued by tehsildars be considered as valid proofs,\" regional passport officer K Srikar Reddy told STOI. Meanwhile, the RPO slapped notices on applicants whose voter ID and ration card were found to be fake.\"Once the MEA gives the green signal, we will issue instructions to the six Passport Seva Kendras (PSKs) in the state to consider them as proof of identity documents,\" the RPO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15242996", "title": "Live from Dharavi, its own news channel", "text": "MUMBAI: Through an archway in Dharavi, prettied up with false ceiling and ersatz chandeliers, is the office of what could be the smallest news channel in the city. The headquarters of Mumbai Today TV News are not easy to arrive at\u2014one has to scuttle up flights of half-stairs, past a complex of rooms until a pocket-sized 'television studio' is eventually found\u2014a room bookended by a green screen and a desktop computer.Daily, around 4pm, an anchor settles behind that desk and relays the day's news into a camera, which is then edited and broadcast in a loop every four hours over the local cable network, KK Cable. The news is the stuff satellite networks wouldn't touch even in a news drought: missing persons, garbage pile-ups, molestations, unscrupulous developers, milk adulteration, pumpkin puree masqueraded as tomato ketchup and suchlike. Dharavi may have far graver issues, but this channel wants to train its lights on surface-level social issues. A reporter nails it when he says, \"Hum galiyon mein ghoomte hain.\"It all started in 2007, and in a manner not unlike the movies. Krishna Kamathi Devendra, a self-made cable operator in Dharavi, witnessed the arrest and incarceration of his brother, a fellow cable operator in Sewri, who was allegedly falsely convicted for the murder of a bank robber. \"I realised there were many like my family who have been unjustly condemned, denied justice and harassed by the police,\" Devendra says. \"It was to bring their grievances to light that I decided to launch a news channel that I would run on my own network, KK Cable.\"KK Cable, incidentally was built on the back of an unlicensed 'mini cinema' Devendra ran in Dharavi in the pre-cable '80s, when he'd pack 100 people into a rented room and play Hindi and Telugu films. By 1992, he was testing cable. \"My logic was, let's offer Dharavi cable first and it'll find a way to buy television sets soon enough,\" he chuckles. Today, KK runs a legitimate business, not only in Dharavi (with over 300,000 cable connections) but across the city. \"KK Cable offers subscribers nearly 450 channels, of which several channels are our own. Mumbai Today TV News is one of them,\" says Devendra, who happens to be the vice-president, Mumbai chapter, of the Maharashtra Cable Sena (an MNS-backed union).But KK Cable's coverage isn't partisan or politically motivated, he insists. He says his viewers, comprising \"men and youth mainly\", are from the middle and lower income groups who are not as invested in the political process as much as they're concerned with proximate events like developers who renege on promises and serial thieves on the loose. \"We were once alerted to a milk adulteration business in Dharavi, and with the help of the FDA we busted the racket,\" Devendra says, adding that they frequently carry out stings. One stealth operation uncovered the use of cattle bones in the preparation of toothpaste and ghee. \"We even shared some of this footage with TV9,\" says the cable operator.The office telephone number runs on a ticker tape at the bottom of each news bulletin, inviting people to call in with complaints. The channel's staff of three reporters and three cameramen have their own sources as well, but many of their leads come from the public. However, despite their commitment to public good, and being a licensed news channel, they're never treated on par with the others. \"We're often last to be tipped off about press conferences and breaking news; the government doesn't advertise with us either,\" complains Pathak. (The channel isn't accredited by the Press Information Bureau.) Devendra claims to spend about Rs 60,000 a month on staff salaries and operational costs, which he makes up through the income from classifieds on his other channels.Mumbai Today aims to be not just a purveyor of news but an arbiter of justice. \"We often go a step ahead and help people file FIRs when the police won't entertain them or we help them get in touch with relevant non-profits,\" says Pathak. \"We also invited police stations to share with us complaints about missing persons so we can broadcast them. We've actually managed to help locate three children this way.\"A survey by the urban research body Pukar\u2014which studied people's access to news in Dharavi and Girgaon\u2014found cable TV to be their primary pointer to community news. Revan Madgunde, a 29-year-old resident of Dharavi who is preparing for the civil services exam, says the channel has been a galvanising force in the area. \"Their coverage of the filth in these slums roused the BMC and local nagar sevaks to action,\" he says. \"They've even supported the cause of the Dharavi Bachao Andolan to safeguard the locals' interests in redevelopment matters.\"Although the whole set-up has a homemade quality, with the channel's two female anchors barely out of their teens, there's a distinct earnestness to the thing. Pooja Gupta, the 21-year-old journalism student and anchor, says she chanced upon Mumbai Today when channel-surfing and saw its recruitment ad on the ticker. \"It's good work experience,\" she says. The lack of sophisticated equipment, like a teleprompter, compels the anchors to improvise. While Gupta reads her script off her notes, Pathak, the editor-anchor reads his, several feet away off the computer. The residents of Dharavi have, by now, come to recognise the reporters and anchors. \"They don't remember our names but call out 'KK' when we pass by,\" says Pathak. Not quite the celebrityhood some newshounds are accustomed to, but for this lot it'll do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "15246349", "title": "Computerized case filing centre opened in Lohardaga court", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Pending court cases pose a challenge to judicial system in India, Justice Pradeep P Bhatt of the Jharkhand high court said here on Saturday.\"Courts should actively find out ways to faster disposal of cases. Computerized and Centralized Filing Centre is a single window system to lessen long procedure of filing cases and to get their updated status. It will mostly benefit advocates and litigants,\" the judge said after inaugurating the centre on the civil court premises.Earlier, there were procedures of separate filing of cases that used to take advocates and litigants to separate branches of judicial system. The single window system will end the process through the centralized filing centres where any type of case can be filed, he added.Justice Bhatt said use of modern technology was required in every sector of the system and judiciary was not an exception. \"It will not only help clerical work but also play a vital role in disposing of pending cases faster,\" he said while addressing a gathering of litigants and judicial fraternity.The judge also distributed cheques to some litigants whose cases were settled in lok adalat held on the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15245501", "title": "Society for Promotion of Indian Classical Music and Culture Among Youth from Aug 3", "text": "JAIPUR: Country's top most artistes will be seen in action during the state convention of the Society for Promotion of Indian Classical Music and Culture Among Youth (SPIC MACAY) between August 3-5 in the city at the Vivekananda Institute of Technology (VIT).The convention, dedicated to the spirit of volunteerism, will also pay a tribute to renowned 'Sarangi' player late Ustad Sultan Khan. The main attraction of the convention will be the overnight concert which will start off with renowned flute player Pt. Hari Prasad Chaurasia and will also have renditions by Grammy award winner Pt. Vishwamohan Bhatt (playing the Mohan Veena). Other artists include Arti Anklekar and Shri Kaivalyakumar Gaurav, who will carry on till early morning. The programme will draw to a close in the early hours with Ustad Bahuddin Dagar's Rudra Veena renditions.The inaugural concert will have Ustad Shahid Parvez on the sitar. Founder of SPIC MACAY Dr Kiran Seth will also be present at the inaugural day. On the second day, Bundu Khan Langa and his group will play Rajasthani folk music while in the evening Geeta Chandran will perform Bharatnatayam. On the third day, a play \"Do Akeli\" by Babita Madaan will be staged.More than 500 dignitaries and students will be a part of the event. Discussions and meetings for the upcoming Virasat series-2012 will also be held during the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15245205", "title": "House blows up, cops find traces of explosive material", "text": "KOZHIKODE: An explosion in a house near Koyilandy on Saturday morning, in which a woman was seriously injured, has raised the hackles of the cops here.Though at the first instance the cause of the blast was believed to be a gas cylinder burst, a preliminary examination of the dilapidated house by the scientific experts from the police department found the presence of potassium chlorate in the kitchen of the house. The chemical compound is usually used to make explosives.The incident took place at around 9am in the house owned by Valiyaveetil Kelu at Maramuttam Theruvu near Koyilandi civil station. But the house was rented out to one Jayapalan, a native of Dharmadam in Kannur four years ago. The injured woman, Preetha (48), is Jayapalan's wife. She has been admitted to Kozhikode Medical College Hospital.Sons of Jayapalan - Joshy Ram and Jolly Ram along with his wife - were present in the house when the explosion took place.While cops immediately sent service scientific experts, bomb squad and the dog squad to the crime scene, they also took into the custody Joshy Ram (23) after he confessed to Koyilandy SI Sunil Kumar that he kept the explosive substance in the house purportedly for making fire crackers.But the police now doubt the chemical substance was being used for other nefarious activities including bomb-making. \"We can reach at a conclusion only after receiving the detailed laboratory reports on the chemical samples collected from the spot,\" the SI said.Police also recorded the statement of Preetha at medical college hospital in the evening.Thamrassery DySP Jaison K Abraham who visited the spot said that the police team headed by the SI will investigate the incident and more persons would be questioned in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15243436", "title": "NCP, Congress should come clear on rift: BJP", "text": "NAGPUR: Bharatiya Janata Party spokesman and MP Prakash Jawdekar has said the Nationalist Congress Party should come clear on the real issues that led to the stand-off with the Congress party recently.\"The NCP owes an explanation to the country. More so because its chief Sharad Pawar , who holds the important post of Union agriculture minister, stayed away from his office for six days. That too at a time when the country was passing through crisis even as large parts of the country reeled under scanty rains and drought-like situation. Farmers unable to start sowing operation in the kharif season were looking up to the government for help.\"At such a critical time, the agriculture ministry was expected to function 24X7. But Pawar was missing from his office for some perceived personal grievances of purely political nature that had nothing to do with farmers. Apparently the real reasons of the stand-off are not being revealed. Finally, it all ended with the NCP lamely settling for setting up coordination committee at the Centre for parleys between UPA constituents and also in Maharashtra where the two parties are ruling partners.\"Referring to the ongoing communal strife in Assam, the BJP has demanded that chief minister Tarun Gogoi should resign immediately owning responsibility for the breakdown of law and order in the north-eastern state. \"Prime minister Manmohan Singh also owes an explanation to the nation as his own party chief minister is blaming the Centre for the flare-up as not enough security forces were deployed to tackle the situation in time,\" said Jawdekar.The BJP leader pointed out that while Union home minister P Chidambaram had claimed that there were intelligence inputs on the build-up before Assam clashes, Gogoi had categorically stated that the state had not received any such inputs and hence was ill-prepared to tackle it.Jawdekar was in the city along with Chandrapur MP Hansraj Ahir to attend the 'janata darbar' at the party office in Dhantoli. For the last two years, these two MPs have been holding public hearings in the meetings on people's grievances against government inaction and taking up the issues in Parliament and with the ministers. \"We are now planning to hold a rally in the city on the issue of non-payment of pension to workers,\" said Jawdekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "15247329", "title": "Seven-year-old girl caned by teacher", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: Parents of a third standard girl have filed a complaint with the Virudhunagar East police station, accusing the class teacher of caning their daughter, causing injuries on her legs, back and head. S Esther from Pandiyan Nagar, a teacher at the Seventh Day Adventist School in Virudhunagar town allegedly hit the seven-year-old girl with a wooden scale on Friday after the girl failed to study in the class room.When the girl reached home after the school, she was struggling to walk and when the parents enquired, she revealed that she was beaten by her teacher with a wooden scale. The girl had marks on her legs and back. Irked by this, the girl's father R Srinivasakan of Vadamalakurichi filed a police complaint with the Virudhunagar East Police Station on Saturday morning.Police sources said they had filed a complaint under sections 323 IPC for causing hurt, along with section 23 of the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act, 2000. \"The teacher has accepted that she caned the girl with a wooden scale and we are investigating further,\" a police official said.The parents claimed that they had first approached the school management complaining about the teacher, but the school authorities were reluctant to listen and directed them to file a police case. Sources close to the teacher said that she had canned the girl with the intention of chiding her for not showing interest in class and had not expected that it would blow up into a serious issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15244225", "title": "Governor defies Modi, allows minister\u2019s prosecution", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat governor Dr Kamla Beniwal has informed the Gujarat high court that she has sanctioned the prosecution of minister of state for fisheries Parshottam Solanki in a Rs 400 crore fishing scam of 2008.This is the first case in Gujarat's political history that the governor has overruled the cabinet to allow criminal proceedings against a minister.Legal experts say that within a month a criminal case of fraud will be filed under the Prevention of Corruption Act, forcing the minister to resign and thus preventing his re-election to the assembly a few months from now.An official communication to this effect was sent to the HC registrar late on Friday. On March 30, the court had directed the Narendra Modi government to take a decision on the issue within three months, failing which the governor would have final authority.On June 30, hours before the deadline was to expire, the government informed complainant Ishaq Maradia that the cabinet had found that there was no case against Solanki. When Maradia, through his counsel Mukul Sinha, moved the court for contempt against the government, the court gave three weeks to the governor to take a decision.On examination of the files, Raj Bhavan found that the then chief secretary D Rajagopalan had strongly opposed the fishing contracts. Rajagopalan's noting states: \"This is against government policy of leasing our reservoir and dams for fishing and the minister has no authority to change it. Such power is lying only with the cabinet and unless cabinet changes policy, it cannot be given for any consideration. This matter has never been put up before the cabinet.\"It is well known that the Modi government was soft on Solanki because of his substantial influence over Koli voters, which would be crucial to the BJP's fortunes in the assembly elections due in December 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15251699", "title": "Anna Hazare begins fast, says countrymen will not let him die", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ignoring an appeal from his close aides, Anna Hazare on Sunday joined three of his team members in their indefinite fast here after his four-day ultimatum to the government to concede to his demands on Lokpal Bill found no response.Hazare, who had been sitting on a dharna along with his three fasting colleagues for the past four days, reached Jantar Mantar here in the morning to slogans of 'Bharat Mata ki Jai', 'Vande Mataram' and 'Inquilab Zindabad'.\"My team had told me not to fast citing health reasons. When over 400 people are on fast, I cannot ignore them and not be on fast. Yesterday also my team appealed to me not to fast but I am sitting on fast from now. I consider I have your permission,\" Hazare said addressing the gathering at the venue.Even after Hazare announced his decision, some of those who were fasting appealed to him not to fast again, saying his life is valuable and his leadership is needed. Hazare then picked up the microphone and said, \"Till we get Jan Lokpal, the countrymen will not allow me to die.\"The 74-year-old activist had asked the government to concede to his demands on Lokpal Bill by Saturday or else he would go on fast.His close aide Arvind Kejriwal had on Saturday made a public appeal to Hazare not to fast citing his health.This is the fourth indefinite fast by Hazare since April last year. The April fast was followed by one in Ramlila Maidan here in August and in Mumbai in December.In between, he had single-day fasts in Delhi thrice -- in June and December last year and March this year.Hazare had on Saturday attacked Congress and BJP, saying the country's future does not lie safe in their hands and talked about the need for a political alternative in the 2014 elections, during which he will campaign for those with clean background selected by the people.He had, however, declared he will not contest elections or form a party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15244500", "title": "Assam workers, patients stuck in Chennai as their state burns in communal frenzy", "text": "CHENNAI: As parts of Assam were rocked by communal violence, several hundreds of Assamese who have come to Chennai and other parts of Tamil Nadu for medical treatment, studies or jobs have been in a state of despair.Apprehensive about getting caught in the violence, many who were supposed to return have opted to remain here until the situation normalizes back home. \"The plight of hundreds of our people here is pathetic after violence erupted in our state. The most affected are the patients and the labourers, who have not been able to go back home. Even though the train services to Guwahati resumed, people are afraid to take the rail route,\" Chennai Assam Association organising secretary Kishore Kalita told TOI.They are waiting with a prayer on their lips and hope in their hearts as they run out of money because of the unexpected, extended stay here, he said.More than 1.5 lakh people from Assam come to Tamil Nadu every year. Thousands of students and labourers also head to Chennai to pursue their studies and work here.Kalita pointed out that many patients, who completed their medical treatment weeks ago, were unable to stay longer as they could not afford expenses of lodging and food anymore. \"Many of them have even sold their jewellery and borrowed money to take a flight back home,\" he said.Loknath Deka, 52, had come with his wife and relatives for treatment for a gastritis problem. \"After borrowing money from my relatives, I spent nearly 60,000 to buy flight tickets for three family members and myself to reach Guwahati,\" said Deka, adding that he had already spent a large amount for the treatment. He took a flight to Guwahati on Saturday morning.Though his treatment was completed in the last week of June, he and his family members decided to stay back for a few more days. But their stay was prolonged when ethnic violence broke out in Kokrajhar and Chirang districts in Assam last week. Trains bound for the state were cancelled following clashes. \"Though train services resumed, we were scared to take trains,\" Deka told TOI over phone after he reached Guwahati. Tarun Deka, a diabetic who had come for treatment to Chennai, also faced a similar situation.Many labourers from riot-hit Kokrajhar and Chirang districts who wanted to visit their family back home could not reach there. \"I lost touch with my family two weeks back. I don't know what has happened to them. Since I cannot afford to take a flight, I have been forced to stay back here and wait for things to settle down,\" said Harish Bora, who works as a waiter in a hotel in the city. He said many of his friends who work in the city shared his plight.Even students from Assam, who are pursuing their studies in city colleges, have been unable to reach their native places. \"I wanted to attend my sister's wedding last week at Nalbari district. But I could not because of the violence in parts of Assam,\" said Bijoy K Baruah, a first year engineering student at a private college in Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15245448", "title": "We will fight for coal linkage: Ravi Shankar", "text": "PATNA: BJP chief national spokesman and Rajya Sabha member Ravi Shankar Prasad said here on Saturday that he would raise the issue of discrimination against Bihar by the Centre with added vigour in Rajya Sabha after being elevated to the position of deputy leader of opposition in the upper house.Prasad, who is the first leader from Bihar to reach that level in the upper house, said he would definitely focus on coal linkage to Bihar so that the state could get rid of severe power crisis. \"Coal linkage to Bihar is very crucial for the completion and renovation of state's power plants,\" he said.Talking about sudden spurt in criminal activities, Prasad defended the government saying the state machinery was capable of handling such issues. \"The state government so far has facilitated speedy trial of around one lakh antisocial elements and had also got them incarcerated. The government machinery has been responding well to the incidents of crime,\" he said.Earlier, Modi, who welcomed him at the Patna airport after his arrival, said the elevation of Prasad was a matter of pride for the state. Later, Prasad was given a warm reception at the party's state headquarters where a felicitation function was held. Party's state chief Dr C P Thakur, ministers, MLAs and MLCs, apart from the party's rank and file, were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "15246523", "title": "Dalit's murder: Police clueless about accused", "text": "HISAR: Two days after the incident, the police are yet to reach out to the accused named in the murder case registered following the murder of Mahender Kumar, a 32-year-old dalit, who was brutally murdered on Thursday night.Police admits that they are yet to reach out to the main culprits. But, however, claimed to have apprehended the locals who are being questioned to ascertain the whereabouts of all the accused involved in the case.Mahender Kumar, the slain victim, a resident of Panihar chak village, died on the spot, while his two cousins were injured in the incident. All the accused are residents of Mahender's village. Mahender earned their wrath as he refused credit for the liquor.Vinod Kumar, DSP (headquarters) said, \"All the accused are from same village and were known to Mahender. Acting on the information, obtained during questioning those who were in touch with accused, we have dispatched the police parties to conduct raids. \"As of now we have important clues about Raja, son of Jagdish Kumar and Raja's sons Sonu, Anil Kumar and Kuldeep, we are hopeful of apprehending them in next couple of days, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15245043", "title": "Parrikar talks tough on new liquor licences", "text": "PANAJI: From next month, the state government will put a freeze on all new liquor licences for both, retail as well as wholesale outlets, in residential colonies in Goa, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said on Saturday.Parrikar was speaking at an event to celebrate Statistics Day at the Kala Academy, Panaji , at a function organized by the department of planning, statistics and evaluation (DPSE).Citing statistics provided by DPSE, Parrikar said he was \"shocked\" and \" disturbed \" to learn that there are over 30,000 widows in Goa. He said that a small percentage of these will be due to road accidents and other phenomena claiming the lives of men. Parrikar said that the figure of deaths cannot be fudged. He added that a large percentage of deaths in Goa are because of alcohol abuse and that the figure of 30,000 indicates that Goa has a serious social problem to be addressed.The freeze on new liquor licences on retail and wholesale outlets in residential colonies is the government's attempt to reduce the problem.Parrikar praised the work of the DPSE, saying that though the department is not seen in the frontline of public service, it is valuable data and statistics that the department provides, which helps the government to frame policies for the people. He recalled how information provided by the department had helped him eliminate a problem in schools some years agoHe said he was puzzled by a report of the comptroller auditor general (CAG) which criticized the low distribution of raincoats to students in government schools. Data showed that there were about 1.12 lakh students enrolling from Classes I to IV in schools. But information from DPSE showed that Goa's birth rate was in the range of 20,000.Armed with this knowledge, Parrikar investigated how primary schools had enrollment of 1.12 lakh. He found that teachers were simply enrolling names to show a large number of students in their schools so that they would not be transferred to other locations. It was information by the DPSE that helped him eliminate a problem in Goan schools, Parrikar said.In his welcome speech, DPSE director Anand Sherkhane reiterated his department's resolve to identifying the state's problems, designing appropriate studies, analyzing the data and suggesting corrective measures. He said that though Statistics Day is normally celebrated to commemorate the birth anniversary of Prof P C Mahalanobis on June 29, it had to be postponed to July 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15244431", "title": "Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industries election result today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was a large gathering of city's corporate glitterati as the Gujarat's apex trade body went for elections almost after eighteen years. More than 1,000 members of Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industries (voted for the 10 candidates fighting for eight executive committee posts. However, election for the vice-president post was not held as the candidates - Shailesh Patwari and KT Patel - withdrew candidature.Those contesting for the eight posts, include Vijay Shah, Bipin Patel, Sanjeev Chhajer, Hemant Shah, Ashish Guru, Samir Patel, Jaimin Vasa and Jyotindra Patel, Dipak Shah and Manhar Patel. \"More than 40 per cent voters turned out for the elections. The results will be announced on Sunday,\" said a GCCI official.On Saturday, during an annual general meeting at GCCI, several members exchanged heated arguments on the election process. \"Several members have raised eyebrows over the eligibility of many who are contesting the elections. Last week protest were held outside GCCI and the issue was raised in the meeting too,\" said a GCCI member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15245005", "title": "Farmer attacked", "text": "A farmer was attacked by three unidentified persons with a sharp edged weapon on Saturday after he appeared in Upparpally court, Rajendranagar. At around 12pm, Shekar and his friend Narasimha Reddy, both residents of Moinabad, walked out of the court and were on their way to the bus stop. \"Three assailants came in an Alto and attacked Shekar. He got severely injured and was shifted to a private hospital, where his condition is said to be serious,\" Rajendranagar police said. Narasimha Reddy, the eye-witness, jotted down the vehicle's registration number and informed the police. Shekar married one Srilatha and police suspect that his first wife's family might be behind the attack. Shekar's first wife Soni had filed a complaint against Shekar for bigamy. A case was registered under section 307 (Attempt to murder) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15252811", "title": "Love in the land of Shivaji", "text": "Crisp kanda bhajjis, adrak chai and the story of a battle won but friendship lost, awaits you at 1,312 metres above sea level in Sinhagad.A short break. That's all a bunch of us girl friends needed, and with a dayand-a-half and a few hundreds to spare, the 'eco-friendly homestay' we were exploring turned out to be an out-of-budget woody getaway. In contrast, a weekend with a Maratha warrior was coming cheap.We could have hopped onto the Indrayani Express, but that would have robbed us of the ecstacy that is driving through the Western Ghats in the rains. Up and out early, we were on our way to Sinhagad, a fort dating back 2,000 years, and located 30 kilometres from Pune city. We had everything we needed (music, sunglasses, walking shoes, fancy DSLRs), and what we didn't (printouts of Google Map directions).We were keeping perfect time until we got off the Mumbai-Pune Expressway, and were thrown off route by Google Map. A long detour, and help from locals saw us land on the road that leads to Khadakvasla dam; a popular picnic spot thronged by weekend visitors, and lined by bhel-puri stalls. It's prettier to watch from afar, especially on your way back late evening, than getting lost on a crowd-fringed shore.Ten minutes later, we were at the base of the fort that sits on an isolated cliff of the Bhuleshwar range in the Sahyadri Mountains.Once there, you can either set off on a one-and-a-half hour trek up to the summit or drive up a scenic road that lets you enjoy tummytickling bends and gurgling waterfalls.Those who make it to the top usually belong to either of two profiles: couples and buddy gangs looking to click Facebook pictures against velvet-soft moss-lined rampart walls, gorge on snacks and have local astrologers predict that they will get home safe; or curious citygoers looking to rediscover the seat of the Battle of Sinhagad (1670). It's here that Shivaji's childhood friend and general Tanaji Malasure scaled a steep cliff in the dead of night with 300 hundred men, using monitor lizards (ghorphad) for grip, to engage in a fierce battle with Mughal emperor Aurangzeb's killedar Udaybhan Rathod.Rathod, as good a warrior as Malasure, destroyed his shield, leaving the Maratha general to defend himself with just his hands. A blow from Rathod left Malasure beaten, but not before he had plunged his sword into Rathod. Malasure's brother Suryaji launched a re-attack, conquering the fort.The fort has two entry points \u2014 The Pune Darwaja and Kalyan Darwaja. The latter has two doorways of which, the second has an inscription that mentions the date 1750 A.D and indentifies the reign of Balaji Bajirao Peshwa, also known as Nanasaheb Peshwa. The Pune Darwaja has three doorways. The third, which is the oldest, is distinctly different from the other two, since it was built during a different era (by the Yadav dynasty).Walk on, and you'll notice rockcut caves to your left. These served as a military stable. Bang opposite is a structure that served as an ammunition house. Beside it is the Ganesh tank, one of five fresh water tanks inside the fort. The others \u2014 Ram, Mahar, Hatti and Dev tank \u2014 still serve as a source of water for the locals.When heritage lovers go tch tch! at the way we treat our monuments and run crayons across half-a-century-old walls so that 'Pinky loves Bunty' lies carved in the annals of history, they are nothing but right. Don't go looking to browse through Bal Gangadhar Tilak's summer home that stands on the right along the path from Rathod's residence to the Amruteshwar temple. With a peeling bust of the freedom fighter sitting forlorn behind locked, rusting gates, the house where he wrote The Artic Home In The Vedas (1908) and Geeta Rahasya (1915) makes a sorry picture.But like much of India, Sinhagad's mystery overpowers unsightly ground realities. As the sun loses its strength, and you look down at the Sahyadris, it's easy to picture Shivaji at Rajgad, receiving a fire signal on that fateful night, announcing Maratha victory. Playing out in your imagination is that bitter-sweet moment of a victory tinged by a friend's loss, when said, \"Gad aala pan mazha sinh gela (we've conquered the fort, but lost a lion)\".How to get there An easy option is to get to Pune (by bus or train), and hop onto a PMT bus from Swargate or Sarasbaug to get to the base of the fort. Buses leave every hour and shared taxis are available too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15253425", "title": "An alarming universal trend?", "text": "\"Men began to rip off my clothes. I was stripped naked. Their insatiable appetite to hurt me heightened. These men, hundreds of them, had turned from humans to animals.Hundreds of men pulled my limbs apart and threw me around. They were scratching and clenching my breasts and forcing their fingers inside me in every possible way. So many men. All I could see was leering faces, more and more faces sneering and jeering, as I was tossed around like fresh meat among starving lions.\" Disturbing as these lines are, this is exactly what happened with British journalist Natasha Smith. These excerpts from her blog recount the terror she felt when she was sexually assaulted by a huge mob of men in Cairo's Tahrir Square , on June 24 this year. Smith's heart-breaking story confirms that it's not just India, where we're accustomed to seeing violations against women becoming a trend. While she's still reeling from the trauma, she talks to Times Life! \"I knew there are huge risks as a woman, when travelling to different parts of the world. But I didn't quite realise how rapidly a situation could transform from a peaceful celebration involving women and children, to a vicious attack led by male mob mentality.I'll never know for certain why those men did what they did. I do know that mob mentality is an extremely powerful thing. I haven't travelled anywhere on my own yet \u2014 even down the street.\" She believes that women have to fight for themselves. \"My heart goes out to all women, who are forced to continue to venture outside alone, after suffering these kinds of sexual assaults, as it's a painful and terrifying ordeal. But this is a struggle that unifies women across borders who are suffering regular and systematic abuse and assault.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "at a suburban studio; between takes, salman khan sits outside his vanity van, surrounded by his in-house doctor, some members of the cine artistes association and his own team. bhai, as he is fondly referred to by most people, is organising an eye-camp for the less privileged in bollywood. once he has wrapped that, he takes a short break to talk to toi. excerpts", "code": "15230759", "title": "Actors don\u2019t do movies to break records: Salman Khan", "text": "At a suburban studio; between takes, Salman Khan sits outside his vanity van, surrounded by his in-house doctor, some members of the cine artistes association and his own team. Bhai, as he is fondly referred to by most people, is organising an eye-camp for the less privileged in Bollywood. Once he has wrapped that, he takes a short break to talk to TOI. Excerpts:How is your health now? I'm fit. Thank you for asking.Your screen chemistry with Katrina has improved since in Yuvvraaj (2008)... Oh, is that so! Katrina is a big star now. She has grown in stature. She seeks perfection in everything she does. She practises her dance numbers for two and three days relentlessly. For someone who couldn't speak a sentence in Hindi, she now says her Hindi dialogue almost as well as any of us.Remember the time during Maine Pyaar Kyun Kiya, when you were her Hindi coach! Yes I do. She has definitely come a long way since then...In the movie, she has a dialogue where she tells you - aap ki shaadi ki umar ho gayi hai. Do you have a befitting reply to that? Well, that's a dialogue and it is not to be taken seriously. Honestly, I don't think even Katrina meant it seriously.Two decades into the business and the Khan-trio is still ruling the roost... Kya boloon. It's destiny. I'm grateful to Sooraj Barjatya for Maine Pyar Kiya and so many others who believed in me. I guess all three of us (Aamir, Shah Rukh and I) have been lucky. Sometimes we got good scripts that turned out to be even better films. And at other times, our very ordinary films have done wonders at the box office. But above all, we have God's blessings and have managed a faithful fan following.Who according to you is the biggest Khan? Aamir, Shah Rukh or you? Next. This question doesn't interest me.Are you doing Sooraj Barjatya's next film? He has narrated a script to me. But I'm starting my younger brother Sohail's film next. Actually when I heard Sohail's script, my immediate reaction was 'wow.' If a script doesn't do that to me; I'm not even going to attempt a film anymore.So how does this wow thing happen? Bante bante ban jata hai. A script may be just adequate in the first draft. It becomes extraordinary with a few good dialogues; some good emotions; a great music track; some fantastic action. A lot of small things go into making the big picture. What is first put on paper has to be garnished. The garnishing happens with constant thought, a lot of emotion and a deep understanding of the medium. Having said that, I'm the first one to admit that despite everything we do, sometimes we actors go horribly wrong with our choice of movies. After all, we are just human.The box office expectation from your latest film is so humungous that no other filmmaker wishes to release his film around that time! Well, it should be. It's the coming together of two big brands \u2014 Salman Khan and Yash Chopra . So naturally the expectations are bound to be high. But that is not something I orchestrated. It is something that the trade is expecting. I only set out to make a good film. On second thoughts, our industry needs more money yaar. Now the government has decided to burden us with a 12.5 per cent service tax! It's crazy the way this business functions.Will the Bodyguard figures be toppled this August? Actors don't do movies to break records. The idea is always to make a film with utmost sincerity. Records get made and broken because of statistics. The numbers of theatres that play Bollywood movies globally have increased; the release of films is now very wide. Naturally the returns have increased. Frankly from now on, I want all films to start crossing the 200 cr mark. I was sitting with some members of the junior artistes association today and I was sad to hear that many junior artistes and technicians in the industry still don't have money to pay for their medical needs and basic amenities. I hope all our movies make enough to at least provide these guys with a decent livelihood.Agreed. But do you think that the monies should be chanelised better? I was sitting with some members of the junior artistes association today and I was sad to hear that many junior artistes and technicians in the industry still don't have money to pay for their medical needs and basic amenities. I hope all our movies make enough to at least provide these guys with a decent livelihood. I feel sad every time I hear a hard-luck story.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15245762", "title": "Arun Jaitley to mollify warring groups in state BJP", "text": "JAIPUR: The increasing disputes within the state unit of BJP has forced the the intervention of party's central leadership. Reports suggest that senior party leader Arun Jaitley has been assigned the task of resolving the disputes and pacifying different groups within the party.Jaitley is likely to arrive in Jaipur on August 5 and meet all senior leaders. He is likely to oversee the state party affairs till the next assembly elections, which are scheduled at the end of 2013. He has specifically been directed to deal with the disgruntled lot and ensure that internal differences do not lead to poor performance in the next assembly elections.Senior leaders said that the party's central leadership had indeed taken a note of recent events in the state BJP and were concerned over the public display of opposition and dissatisfaction among several senior members. \"Be it the tussle between the Vasundhara Raje camp; the organisation or the legislators dispute with Jaipur city or the protests over appointment of the office-bearers - the central leadership is worried that if this continues, the BJP - which has a fair chance to retain power in Rajasthan - might miss out on it,'' said a senior office-bearer.As a result, while Kaptan Singh Solanki and Dr Kirit Somaiya would continue as state party incharges, Jaitley has been handed over additional charge as a special assignment. It was because of this that Jaitley was also part of the state BJP's core committee meeting which was held in Delhi a couple of days ago. Jaitley is expected to frequently visit the state in future.Jaitley has been associated with the state BJP affairs for quite some time now and had also visited Jaipur in support of senior legislator Rajendra Rathore, when the latter was in jail in the Dara Singh fake encounter case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15241864", "title": "Sewage water gushing into Jaripatka police station", "text": "NAGPUR: Since the past four monsoons, sewage water has been flooding the Jaripatka police station. And, instead of trying to solve the problem, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation this time has demanded money from the police station to pump out the water.The Jaripatka police station, which falls under the jurisdiction of the Ashi Nagar Zone in North Nagpur, has a basement in its premises. It is used to park vehicles seized in different cases.The sewage water has been entering the basement since last week and is now almost 2-3 inch high. The tyres of two-wheelers are submerged too. A foul smell emanates from the basement now and policemen fear that mosquitoes may start breeding in the stagnant water.A senior police official from Jaripatka police station told TOI that the Ashi Nagar Zone officials had been asked to repair the sewage line beneath the basement. \"But nothing has happened todate. This year too the problem has started with commencement of the monsoon,\" he said.Former corporator of the ward, Vedprakash Arya said even he had lodged complaints with the NMC. \"But there has been no response. The fire department used to pump out water following my request till last year without any charges. This time, we were asked to deposit Rs1,700 for the service. The NMC is responsible for the mess. Instead of correcting the problem, it is demanding charges. The problem is not an isolated one at the police station, several similar complaints have come from residential buildings in the areas too,\" he said.DE Rangari, the zonal officer from Ashi Nagar, denied receiving any complaint from the police station for the last four years. Chief fire officer AN Khan was not available for comments despite repeated attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15251515", "title": "Onamalu gave me satisfaction: Rajendra Prasad", "text": "'Natakiriti' Rajendra Prasad's latest release Onamalu is receiving great acclamation and the actor thanks everyone for this.Speaking at the film's success meet, Rajendra Prasad said, \"Onamalu's script was very close to my heart and it gave me lot of satisfaction. After a long time, I've done a film that has values and principles with noble intentions. The movie shows that one should revisit their village once in every year and I love the way Kranthi Madhav has narrated it.\"The film, which is directed and produced by Kranti Madhav, has Kalyani as the female lead and music by Koti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15244668", "title": "Statue case accused sent to judicial custody till Aug 9", "text": "LUCKNOW: President of UP Navnirman Sena Amit Jani and his two aides, prime accused of vandalizing Mayawati's statue in the city on July 26, were sent to judicial custody till August 9 on Saturday. The three accused were arrested on Friday night. A total of six accused have been arrested so far.One of the prime accused in the case, Qasim Chaudhary, who was produced in the court of chief judicial magistrate along with Amit Agarwal alias Amit Jani and Rajendra Singh Chaudhary, admitted that he had vandalized the statue.The judge, Rajesh Upadhyay, took them into judicial custody and sent to jail till August 9. He also rejected the bail plea of Qasim. The trio told to the judge that they had danger to their life from BSP supporters. P 4On Friday, the judge had sent the first three arrested persons, Alok Srivastava, Arpit Alok Srivastava and Vishal Mishra, to jail holding that those who dared to indulge in such acts should be ready to go to jail. Two of them on Saturday moved the sessions court for bail and the court posted hearing on their bail application on August 6.Alok, Arpit and Vishal were arrested in pursuance of the FIR registered on July 26 with Gomtinagar police station. A constable has lodged the report against unnamed persons, but later names of other accused came to light. The three accused had pleaded that they didn't vandalise the statue of Mayawati and it were others who were involved in the act. Therefore, the above offences are not applicable to them.The STF had arrested Amit Jani and Rajendra Singh Chaudhary from the MGF Mall in Gurgaon on Friday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "15253937", "title": "Organization for Industrial Spiritual and Cultural Advancement \u2013 International top teens prelim test on August 11", "text": "THRISSUR: The preliminary round of the OISCA Top Teens Written Test, an annual examination programme conducted by the Organization for Industrial Spiritual and Cultural Advancement - International (OISCA - International) will be held on Saturday, August 11.In a press release, president of OISCA International Thrissur Chapter Dr KS Rajithan said the organization has been conducting the Top Teens Written Test for the past 12 years to recognize, motivate and reward outstanding teen personalities. The idea is to select students, who excel in studies and extracurricular activities through a series of tests. The winner will be rewarded with certificates and awards, he said.Students from 8th to 10th standard in government and private schools of any syllabus in South India can participate in the test. The registration fee is Rs 30 per student. The preliminary written test will be held on August 11 from 10 am to 11.30 am at various centres in South India.In the preliminary stage, students have to undergo a written test of objective type questions with multiple choice answers. The medium will be in Malayalam or English. There will be an essay and 150 questions from various topics of general knowledge, which covers science, history, geography, literature, art, culture, environment, sports, and mental ability. The district-level prize winner (a girl and a boy) will be selected to the state-level contest, which will be held in Calicut during November this year.The district-level winners are eligible for ordinary train/bus fare to participate in the final round of competitions to be held in Calicut. Schools are requested to inform the number of question papers required to their schools by July 30, informed Dr KS Rajithan.Those interested can contact on +91-8089083444, +91-9995367895 or +91-9447252678 for more details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15243293", "title": "Two more held in fake currency racket", "text": "Chandrapur: Police have nabbed two more accused in counterfeit currency circulation racket busted a few days back in the town. Following the lead given by the two arrested youths while circulating counterfeit notes, the two others, Md Shamim Akthar (23) and Alam Sheikh (24), were picked up from villages located on Bangladesh border in West Bengal.Chandrapur police had arrested two youths, Md Malik Sheikh (23) and his younger brother Khalil (20), both from Kaliachak tehsil of West Bengal in Chandrapur while circulating counterfeit notes of Rs1,000 denomination on July 14. Counterfeit notes worth Rs1.37 lakh were seized from their possession. The duo had confessed to bringing fake notes from their native place in West Bengal.Later, a team of cops led by PSI Rajendra Bansod was sent to West Bengal. The team raided the Ali Nagar area in Malda district and arrested Md Shamim Akthar while Alam Sheikh was arrested from Badurpur village. The duo was brought to Chandrapur and produced before a court on Friday. They have been remanded to police custody till August 3. API PB Urade is investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15245790", "title": "Now, Thiruvananthapuram weather a click away", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Now, city residents can have a minute by minute account of the temperature, humidity, wind speed, radiation index and forecast of rains online. First automated weather station of the Hazard Vulnerability Risk Assessment (HVRA) Cell started functioning in the city last week.\"This is the first automated weather station of HVRA cell under the Institute of Land and Disaster Management (ILDM) installed last week and now the online facility www.weatherlink.com/user/hvracellaws1 is available to monitor the changing climatic conditions, including forecast of rains, temperature, wind speed and radiation account every minute round the clock in the state capital,\" said HVRA Cell director Sekhar Kuriakose.\"This is not meant for duplication of the weather forecasts of Indian Meteorology Department (IMD), but intended for early warning and to minimize the risks,\" he added.Imported from US at a cost of Rs 1.2 lakh, this automated weather station is cost-effective and easy to maintain, unlike the highly technical ones which would cost about Rs 6 lakh each.\"We plan to install 10 such automated weather stations soon in four districts - Kottayam, Pathanamthitta, Idukki and Alappuzha - to monitor the flow of rivers Meenachal and Manimala, in addition to closely follow other weather conditions,\" Kuriakose said. \"If found successful and feasible, then it would be scaled up with the installation of more such automated weather stations across the state,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "15245717", "title": "A Bengali-speaking man who teaches the Bodo language", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: That language has no barrier and it transcends communities and religion has been proved by Ismail Hussain , who is the head of department of Bodo language at Gauhati University's Kokrajhar campus and is a symbol of integrity and peaceful co-existence between Bodos and Muslims in the troubled Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) area, which has been ripped apart by violence between ethnic Bodos and Bengali-speaking Muslims over the last nine days.For a decade, Hussain, a Bengali-speaking Muslim, has been teaching on the campus located at Deborgaon, about 7km north of Kokrajhar town. The Gauhati University's Kokrajhar Campus was set up in 1998 and Hussain, who has a Masters degree in Assamese from Gauhati University in 1993 and obtained a certificate course in Bodo the following year, was working as the head the department of Bodo at that time.Talking to TOI over the phone on Saturday, Ismail said: \"I have been associated with the university since it started in 1998 and have really enjoyed my job as a Bodo teacher. I am thankful to Bodo scholars and the university authorities who had faith in me and accepted me as an able and qualified person to head such an important department. Born in a poor family at Padmabil village near Gossaigaon, Ismail grew up with Bodos and learnt the language just like other Bodo children had.Assam forest minister Rockybul Hussain and agriculture minister Nilmoni Sen Deka, who visited the BTC chief at his party office on Saturday, were told about Hussain by Hagrama Mohilary. Rockybul said: \"This is 'Samannay' meaning peaceful coexistence among the people.\" Mohilary also told him that it is the knowledge of Bodo language that enables many Muslims to conduct their work, including cattle-herding and agricultural, in rural Bodoland.Ismail said: \"The present violence that has ripped apart the age-old relationship between the people also forced me to take shelter in a Muslim-dominated area leaving his home. It may sow the seeds of hatred and mistrust, but we must work hard to bring back confidence and the old relationship.\"It may be mentioned that Bodo language was first introduced as medium of instructions in 1963 and the first batch of Bodo-medium students appeared in the HSLC examination in 1975. It was later declared as Associate Official language in 1985 and is now being taught as Modern Indian Languages in Gauhati University, Dibrugarh University, Tezpur University and Bodoland University.After serving as head of department for the last 10 years, Hussain has handed over charge to Indira Boro as part of Rotation formula after every three years. Ismail said at least 300 students have cleared MA in Bodo under him since 2000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15244264", "title": "Cantonment board's electoral rolls draws over 500 objections", "text": "NASHIK: The electoral rolls published by the Deolali Cantonment Board on July 1 has received as many as 548 objections and 234 claims by residents in the area.With the cantonment board election likely to be held in May 2013, the roll published every year, has drawn a lukewarm response in the past but has attracted objections this year, including claims for name inclusion, by its electoral pool of close to 35,000 voters.After the electoral rolls were published on July 1,the last date of filing the objections and claims was July 20.There are a number of aspirants seeking participation in the voting process as candidates from their respective wards, these candidates have ensured that the objections with regard to wrong names or addresses printed in the voters list have been raised before the July 20 deadline. Their claims demanding inclusion in the list for candidates was also included.Chief executive officer of the Deolali Cantonment Board, Amol Jagtap said, \"Publishing the electoral roll is an annual exercise of the cantonment board. Given that the elections will be held in 2013, the electoral roll this year has created an excitement among residents as well as aspirants. Once the election notification is issued, the same exercise will be conducted three months prior to the election. At that time too people can raise their objections and make claims for including their names.\"While the cantonment board comprises 16 members, elections are held for eight seats for direct representation from the public. The other eight members include the station commandant as president, military hospital commandant, garrison engineer, three army nominated members, a district magistrate nominee and the chief executive officer of the cantonment board as the member secretary. The Deolali cantonment is a category 1 cantonment with a population of over 50,000 people. It is also the biggest cantonment in the country based on size. Water supply, sanitation, medical facility, street lights and good roads are the main issues that are contested in the elections. Except for law and order, all civic issues are managed by the cantonment's administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15244991", "title": "Commotion at mosque leads to traffic snarl", "text": "CHENNAI: A misunderstanding between two people over serving of food to the poor at a mosque in Nandanam on Saturday evening led to a commotion that resulted in a traffic jam.A large crowd gathered and shouted slogans against two individuals who they said were opposed to feeding the poor. Some of the protesters alleged that the two individuals were eyeing the mosque property and owed the mosque large sums of money as rent. A protester said: \"The two individuals were creating problems as a new committee was to be formed under an instructions of the court and the two were afraid that they would be exposed for their misdoings.\"Joint Commissioner of Police (south) KP Shanmuga Rajeswaran pacified the warring groups and the crowd dispersed. Since people had come on to the road, traffic began to move at a snail's pace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15243569", "title": "'Include other ministries in diplomatic exercise'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ministry of external affairs (MEA) should not work in isolation from other ministries, particularly with respect to securing access to strategic materials, hydrocarbons etc. The Naresh Chandra task force report makes a strong pitch for other ministries to be involved in diplomatic exercise, which now remains the sole remit of the MEA.\"With regard to strategic materials and hydrocarbons, a nodal agency or ministry should be designated for effective follow-up on these issues in consultation with the MEA and missions abroad.\" The task force says the mines ministry is best suited for this purpose. The report asks repeatedly for the private sector to be involved in these exercises. The panel observes that the growth of the private sector can help play a much bigger role in India's foreign outreach. But typically for government, it views private sector with a mixture of suspicion and fear, preferring a top-down approach to Indian industry.\"There should be a suitable mechanism for continuing coordination between the ministries of mines, MEA, finance ministry, other ministries, apex commercial bodies and Indian missions\", when India is looking for hydrocarbon investments overseas.The report also recommends that MEA's newly-created development partnership administration (DPA) should be structured on the lines of modern financial services institutions and should have \"aid administrators\" from both government and private sectors.The report tasks the foreign secretary with the responsibility to ensure inter-ministerial coordination by the DPA as well as inter-divisional interaction within the MEA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15247263", "title": "Sweeper wants man arrested for his daughter's death", "text": "MADURAI: A sweeper in Chinnalapatti town panchayat in Dindigul district has demanded the arrest of those responsible for the suicide of his teenaged daughter last month.In a petition submitted to the Dindigul SP, Murugesan (44) of Arundhadiar Colony in Chinnalapatti, Dindigul district, said he was a sweeper in the Chinnalapatti town panchayat. His wife was employed as a sanitary worker by an SHG. They had two children, Nagaraj (23) and Jamunadevi (18). Their neighbour Sakthivel who was married and had two children had frequently harassed the girl sexually.On June 13, 2012, he entered their house when the girl was sleeping along with her mother and tried to misbehave with her. He was chased away by her mother and neighbours, but the very next day, the girl committed suicide by setting herself on fire. She was admitted to the Dindigul government hospital and later, the Government Rajaji Hospital in Madurai, where she died. In her deathbed statement, she said Sakthivel had frequently harassed her, making her take this extreme step.But though the police registered a case, investigations were very slow.Murugesan has also said he was receiving threats from many people including the local councillor who was trying to broker a compromise by paying him off. He has demanded that Sakthivel and his relatives be arrested for the death of his daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15250515", "title": "US students applaud India's polio programme", "text": "MUMBAI: With no new polio cases being reported for more than a year, India's experience of containing the dreaded virus has been hailed as the biggest public health achievement worldwide. After endemic nations Nigeria and Pakistan were quick to emulate best practices from India, they have now caught the fancy of young America.The story about how India won the war against polio was retold at the UN Secretariat office in New York for the graduating learning community in 'Global Affairs program' of New York University.Speaking at the Global Affairs programme, chairman of Rotary International showcased India's experience and progress to wipe out polio from the country despite various challenges. In his presentation, Deepak Kapur of Rotary International highlighted the successful role played by each partner - WHO, UNICEF , Rotary International, government of India and state governments - in reaching even the remotest child for polio immunization.Kapur said, \"Over 9 billion has been invested in Global Polio Eradication (GPEI) since its launch in 1988. The success can be largely attributed to strategies involving mass mobilization, creating demands and sustaining the supply chain, frequent and immediate immunization activities along with door to door delivery, state-of-the art disease surveillance and monitoring system, fundraising, and religious advocacy to make polio immunization widely acceptable.\"Students learnt about the challenges faced in implantation of national health campaigns in polio affected nation. Political unrest, poor health infrastructure, resistance against vaccine, dismal public health services, troubles with administration in implementation to name a few.\"Over 7,09,000 vaccination booths, 25,00,000 vaccinators, 11,70,000 vaccination teams, 209 million home visited and 174 million children are reached in one national immunization day in India,\" said Kapur.Professor Colette Mazzucelli, faculty at the Centre for Global Affairs at the New York University , said, \"We were able to create a truly memorable session for the graduate students in this module to explain the context in India and how civil society can help advance common goals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15255473", "title": "Katie Holmes goes for dinner date with her lawyer", "text": "Katie Holmes sent the rumour mill spinning when she was spotted in Manhattan Friday night with a mystery dinner date \u2014 but the guy turned out to be her lawyer.The 33-year-old actress wore minimal makeup, and was wearing a green maxidress and black leather jacket for dinner at the superposh NoMad Hotel in the Flatiron District.According to the People magazine , the 'Dawson's creek' star was dining with her attorney Jonathan Wolfe and his wife, Renee, the New York Daily News reported.Holmes was all smiles as she kissed Wolfe goodnight before climbing into a cab.When asked how she enjoyed her night out without her former husband or daughter Suri.\"Great, thank you,\" Holmes told TMZ.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15244466", "title": "Burglar steals gold through window", "text": "BANGALORE: Unidentified burglars made away with 400gms of gold ornaments using a string, from a DRDO scientist's house in RR Layout, Mahadevapura late on Friday night.Around midnight, the family woke up to some noise in the prayer room and switched on the lights to see the thief in action. On seeing them, the burglar fled the scene with the booty.Complainant Jagadish Rao said the stolen ornaments were decorated on the goddess to mark Varamahalakshmi pooja which was celebrated on Friday. \"We had decorated the idols in the pooja room with different gold ornaments. The room is adjacent to the road and we forgot to close the window,\" he said. The family retired to bed at 11pm and they did not remove the gold ornaments from the deity.\"We heard a strange sound and came near the pooja room. We were shocked to see a stranger taking away the gold ornament using a string,\" Jagadish told police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15244920", "title": "Sahara Hospital felicitates 'fully cured' hepatitis patients", "text": "Sahara Hospital on Saturday felicitated 50 'fully cured' patients of Hepatitis B and Hepatitis C , on the occasion of World Hepatitis Day. Ashok Roy Choudhury, executive director, Sahara India Pariwar felicitated them. Sahara Hospital, in association with HOPE Initiative organisation also organised a free screening and vaccination camp at its premises to mark the occasion. More than 80 patients visited the camp and were attended by a team of super specialists of Sahara Hospital. In SGPGI, Dr Vivek Anand Saraswat, professor and head, department of Gastroenterology, said, \" Parental exposure, primarily through blood products and needle sharing among injecting drug users are the risk factors for HCV infection.\" People exposed to dental equipment and recipients of previously unscreened blood, blood products and organs are affected by it, he added.Lecture held on tobacco: Dr Vinod Jain, associate professor, department of surgery of KG Medical University, Lucknow delivered a public lecture in Brown Hall of the Medical University on 'Tobacco or human health? Choice is yours'. The lecture was organised by faculty in-charge of the research cell Prof Shally Awasthi. In his lecture Dr Jain told that people usually consume tobacco or smoke for pleasure, out of curiosity, peer pressure, to satisfy nicotine addiction, for rituals and so on. Quoting some figures, he said that about 1.4 billion tobacco users reside in the world currently and about 6 million people die every year due to tobacco related disease. Half of tobacco users today, will lose their lives due to it. He cautioned that if the trend continues then by 2030 about 8 million people will die annually due to tobacco. Out of these, 80% will be from low and middle income countries like India. He has called upon the people to participate in anti tobacco campaign at their level and take pledge hat they will not only quit tobacco, but help at least one person in quitting this evil product. A large number of public actively participated in question and answer session.Dalit Muslim Ekta Sammelan: A Dalit-Muslim Ekta Sammelan was organised on Saturday. PL Punia, MP and chairman of National Commission for Scheduled Castes presided over the event. Speaking on the occasion Punia said that all Dalit-Muslims should get equal rights. Commenting on the plight of Muslims, he said that in every state Muslims constitute a disadvantaged community. He said that Dalit-Muslims are struggling for their equal rights for more than half century. The society perceives them as untouchables and they do not even get benefits of Scheduled Caste status because they profess a religion of their choice.Punia said that even Ranganath Mishra panel has advocated quotas to Dalit-Muslims. The sammelan has demanded reservation in government jobs and reserved seats in state legislatures and in Parliament for Dalit-Muslims.Hariyali Teej held: Northern Railway Women Welfare Organisation, Lucknow Division celebrated Hariyali Teej festival in Officers Club premises on Saturday. Members danced on the theme of marriage songs and enacted cultural traditions of classical Indian marriage such as haldi, mehndi, mandap, doli etc. Other members staged a colourful programme, presenting excellent blend of Indian culture, music, social fabric and art. Children and guests added flavour and fervour to the programme.Training programme: Economic Offences Research Organisation organised a one-day training programme for officers of investigating agencies and prosecuting officers here. AL Banerjee, ADG inaugurated the training programme. A total 46 officers including investigation officers of crime branch, anti-corruption wing, SIT and economic offences wing, prosecuting officers and ASPs participated in the training programme. cyber experts, scientists of forensic laboratory, joint director, enforcement directorate, legal advisor of CBI and experts of banking and foreign trade expressed their views in the training programme.World Nature Conservation Day: Central Command celebrated 'World Nature Conservation Day' in Cantonment on Saturday. On this occasion, the Army personnel conducted a 'walk with nature' which was flagged off by Maj Gen VM Kalia, GOC, Madhya UP Sub Area. On this occasion, a large number of senior officers, junior commissioned officers and other ranks of the station participated. The walk commenced at Kasturba Park and terminated at Mauribagh Environmental Park.BJP demands protection of crops: In view of the drought like condition in some parts of the state, the BJP has demanded protection of crops and relief to farmers. State party spokesperson Manoj Mishra said that due to scanty rainfall, the state is in the grip of drought and at some places crops have suffered a lot. He said that Bundelkhand region is bearing the worst impact of the drought.Meeting on tourism held: A meeting on 'Tourism development in UP' was held under the aegis of UPHRA on Saturday. According to senior vice-president of the association Vijay Pandey an earlier meeting was held with CM Akhilesh Yadav and Union tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahay , in which they had evinced interest in developing UP as a tourist hub.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15245779", "title": "Death of hatchlings likely to stall chick rearing scheme", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Hardly a month after entering into a tie-up with Kerala State Poultry Development Corporation (KEPCO) to promote chick rearing in the city, the corporation has expressed reservations regarding the project. The sudden death of 27 chicks distributed under the scheme at Muttada and two other neighbouring wards has irked the beneficiaries who are now demanding their money back from the corporation.The project titled Nagarapriya aimed at giving five chicks and a hen coop to about 2,700 beneficiaries from different city wards. The corporation formed ward committees and finalized the list of beneficiaries.So far KEPCO had distributed only 500 chicks in three wards. \"When we contacted the KEPCO officials, they said that there was some delay in procuring the cages. The corporation is not answerable for the death of chicks. Now the people are demanding compensation and since this is a project directly undertaken by the government, the corporation cannot refund the money,\" said development standing committee chairperson Shajida Nazar.The death of chicks has forced the corporation to go slow on the scheme for the present. \"If the chicks keep dying, the corporation may not be able to handle the situation. That is why we have asked our councillors to be careful regarding the project,\" said a ruling council member.As per the project the cages will have nipple-drinker, feeder, egg-tray and manure tray. Around 5 kilos of poultry feed and medicine worth Rs 20 for the hens will be given. Each beneficiary has to pay an amount of Rs 550 to join the project.The project evoked tremendous response among the people and the low-supply is also worrying the corporation. \"We have been told that there is some shortage of chicks which is delaying the supply. Also the fact that the supplied chicks are not healthy adds to the woes,\" said a corporation official.A corporation official said that the corporation has already intimated the matter to KEPCO. \"KEPCO has agreed to depute a medical team to subject all the chicks to a medical check-up. We also need to find out the reason for the death of chicks. As for the died chicks, KEPCO has agreed to provide replacement,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15245472", "title": "Patna Women's College students celebrate Shrawan", "text": "PATNA: A 'Shravani Dance Competition' was organized on Patna Women's College (PWC) campus on Saturday to celebrate the glory of rain. Eight groups comprising over 80 students participated in the contest.The contest was judged by Ejya Yadav, head of the department of Communicative English and Media Studies, Shobha Shrivastava, assistant professor, department of zoology, and Sahar Rahman, assistant professor, Department of English.Sister Doris D'Souza AC, principal of the college, appreciated the performances of all the participants. A vote of thanks was proposed by Yogita, joint sports secretary, PWC cabinet, for 2012-13.Sawan festival: Patna Marwari Mahila Samiti, Bihar chapter, organized a 'Sawan' festival on Saturday at a posh hotel here.Art, culture and youth affairs minister Sukhda Pandey inaugurated the function by lighting the traditional lamp. The programme commenced with Ganesh vandana, 'Deva, o deva, ganpati deva'. Sunita Joshi and Ritu Bhartiya were crowned as 'Sawan' Queen Junior and Senior, respectively.Ladies dressed in green - the theme colour of the function - enjoyed the daylong celebration with mouth watering food and exhibition-cum-sale of dresses, ornaments and decorative items. Sunita Joshi got the maximum applause for her dance performance on the tune of a 'Sawan' song, while the singing performance of Poonam More on 'jhooti-moothi mitwa' was also appreciated. Women and girls also enjoyed games like Housie, antakshari, one-minute games, and won various prizes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15245374", "title": "Incessant rains hits normal life in MP", "text": "BHOPAL: Incessant rains since Friday evening crippled normal life in many parts of Madhya Pradesh, cutting off road traffic at many places in the state.Several low-lying colonies in state's commercial capital Indore were inundated while there were similar reports from Khandwa, Burhanpur, Sehore and Jabalpur as the heavy rains caused due to cyclonic circulation over north west Madhya Pradesh and areas adjoining south Uttar Pradesh.State capital Bhopal recorded 25 mm rainfall till Saturday evening.About 110 mm (11 cms) rainfall has been recorded till 14.30 hours in Indore, a weather report said, adding that heavy showers have been predicted in Malwa region in the next two days. In Mhow, a curfew like situation prevailed due to heavy rains with schools and shops remaining closed and people preferring to remain indoors.Roads from Sehore to Bilkisganj, Kannod and other places remained cut off as roads remained submerged while water from Parvati River overflowed into Ashta town, flooding bus stand and a government hospital.A weather report said Khajuraho, Nowgong and Gwalior recorded the highest maximum temperature of 34 degrees Celsius. Mandla and Khandwa recorded the lowest minimum temperature of 18 degrees Celsius. The forecast said heavy rains or thunder showers were likely to occur at many places in Madhya Pradesh during the next 24 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15254052", "title": "Mumbaikars resent delay in receiving power bills", "text": "MUMBAI: The BEST,which awards a discount to power consumers who promptly pay their bills well before the due date,is once again under fire from residents in Sion,Matunga and Dadar,who claim they have been receiving their bills after the due date from the past few months.The BEST offers a 1 or 2% discount to the consumers who pay their power bills on or before the prompt payment date,which is normally within four days of the issuance of the bill.However,many consumers have complained of receiving their bills after the prompt payment date,and suspect there is more to the situation.R Sridhar,a resident of Krishnkunj Apartments in Matunga,received his power bill three days after the prompt payment date of June. Similarly the prompt payment date for his neighbour was also missed.The purpose of prompt payment date is defeated if the bill is issued after the date.This is the case almost every month, Sridhar said. He added that he had heard similar complaints from his neighbours and friends in the island city.Meanwhile BEST officials said such complaints were rare now and that they would ensure that bills are received much earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15252490", "title": "Fashion forecast", "text": "A dash of neon in the closet with shades of fuchsia pink, electric green, bright yellow, orange and indigo will brighten your mood this monsoon.There's something magical about monsoon - a guilt-free drench in the afternoon downpour, a deluge of memories and a dash of romance so well sums up the hues and the shades of the season. Monsoon this season screams neons, bright blues, reds and oranges and a lot of fashion.\"With the greys and the greens being the prevailing colours in the rainy milieu, the accent is on bold hues and shades,\" says designer Agnimitra Paul. Nothing beats the monsoon blues better than \"a splash of neon in your closet with shades of fuchsia pink, electric green, bright yellow, orange and indigo to brighten the mood,\" opines Agnimitra.This monsoon, the fashionistas can also head to Kolkata's new style destination, Straavi, a store of handcrafted sarees, tunics and suits. Straavi's products\u2014regular wear to exclusive party wear\u2014 are adorned with zardosi, ari, kardona pechni and pepulgit work. The eye-catching products are ranged between 5000 to 2 lakh; a feature that sets Straavi apart from other stores. Ace fashion designer Paromita Banerjee has some tips for you to turn heads. \"Crepes, georgettes and even a fancy chiffon top in a bright shade with simple cuts keep the monsoon look chic and upbeat. Alternately necklines and waistlines could be played with adding a fun quotient to the outfit.\" Capris, cropped pants shorts and skirts work best when out on the road. A rainy day could start of with a bright floral dress or a painted neon t-shirt with a pair of shorts or cut off denim shorts while an office wear teamed with a bright bandhni (tie- and dye) dupatta makes for an interesting and chic statement in an after- office do. Ace model Jessica, talks about her monsoon special look, \"a comfortable flowy dress and a three quarter leggings with blingy neon footwear.\" Don't let the rain catch you off-hand, be fashion ready as you enjoy your day out in the rains. Fashion do(s) this monsoon Team your outfit with neon belts or bags and a statement umbrella with funky patterns. Be bright and sunny this season as you experiment with shades . Fashion don't(s) this monsoon Avoid denims as they take time to dry off post drench in the rain. Sheer fabric should be avoided, especially during the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15242136", "title": "Woman raped by 3 men, sold thrice", "text": "NAGPUR: After being raped by three men in December last year and sold thrice in a span of three months earlier this year, 26-year-old Sangeeta (name changed), who is now six months pregnant, had given up all hopes of returning to normal life. However, Rajaram, her second buyer, who had paid Rs 2 lakhs, turned out to be a Good Samaritan as he brought her back to Nagpur from Ujjain, where she had been sold, and helped register a police complaint.On Saturday, two days after Sangeeta had filed the complaint, the Lakadganj police arrested five people, including two women, on various charges. Another five have been booked in the case.Shaikh Asif (27), Shaikh Ayub (32) and Shaikh Abid alias Abu (28), who is also Sangeeta's neighbour, have confessed to raping her. Nisha Verma (30) and Chandrakala Satpute (36), alias Chanda, admitted that they had lured Sangeeta with promises of marrying her off into an affluent family and then sold her. All the offenders are residents of Shanti Nagar slums, behind Itwari railway station, where Sangeeta too used to reside.The case has once again brought to fore kidnapping and trafficking of girls from the city to other states for sexual exploitation. The police believe that the women are part of a gang that is into this shady business. Last month, a married woman was rescued from Rajkot where she had been sold for Rs1 lakh.Sangeeta, a Std 10 pass, had been living in fear for the last three months in Ujjain. Rajaram took pity on Sangeeta on learning that she is pregnant. \"He took me to a police station in Ujjain. Then, a constable and Rajaram accompanied me to Nagpur,\" Sangeeta told TOI, adding that she could not contact her family as the rapists had broken her cell phone, in her house.The Lakadganj police have booked Rajaram, who has now returned to Ujjain, too for \"buying\" Sangeeta.According to investigating officer DP Sonune, Sangeeta first came into contact with Chanda who then introduced her to Asif. Chanda would meet Sangeeta at the place where she worked as a domestic help.\"On December 26, Asif raped her near the Itwari railway crossing. He continued to abuse her for two weeks and later invited Ayub and Abid too. They too raped her separately,\" said Sonune.After a month, Sangeeta learnt about her pregnancy and alerted Chanda who asked her not to reveal it to her parents. As Asif had threatened to kill her and her family, Sangeeta did not file a police complaint. Chanda assured Sangeeta all help to abort the baby.\"Following Chanda's suggestion, Sangeeta moved in with her in the first week of May. On May 20, Chanda handed her over to Shekhar (another accused) who took her to Ujjain and sold her,\" said Sonune. Sangeeta's family filed a missing complaint on May 20.\"I trusted Chanda like my elder sister but she betrayed me. A day before Shekhar took me to Ujjain on May 19, Chanda told me that she had found a good groom from a wealthy family for me,\" said Sangeeta. She also alleged that Chanda had mixed some drugs in her dinner before she boarded the train for Ujjain along with Shekhar and an unidentified woman who is supposed to be his girlfriend.On May 22, Shekhar sold Sangeeta to one Devi Singh for Rs1.5 lakhs in Ujjain. Singh then sold her to Bhanu Singh for the same cost. Police said Bhanu Singh was not told about Sangeeta's pregnancy and hence married her on May 27.Bhanu Singh 'raped' Sangeeta for two weeks and then handed her back to Devi Singh on learning about her pregnancy. Devi Singh then sold her to Rajaram for Rs2 lakhs.Sangeeta now plans to give birth to the child and give it away for adoption.Sonune said a team has been sent to Ujjain to nab Devi Singh, Bhanu Singh and Rajaram. The police are also on the lookout for Shekhar and his girlfriend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15246032", "title": "Lesser Florican in state needs protection", "text": "PUNE: Hope for the tiny population of Lesser Florican, known as Tan Mor in Maharashtra, rests on the state government's effort to protect it.Experts and conservationists have urged the forest department to approach the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) with a project proposal to include Maharashtra in the efforts to conserve the bird from the bustard family.The lesser Florican, a grassland bird, is facing extinction, prompting the MoEF to issue guidelines to Rajasthan, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Andhra Pradesh governments for site-specific action plans to protect the birds. The plan does not include Maharashtra which has 20-25 birds in Washim district.The task force formed by MoEF for conservation of bustards in India said Lesser Floricans were highly threatened by poaching, hunting and removal or destruction of eggs and nests in Gujarat and Maharashtra along with Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Karnataka.Sujit Narwade, scientist Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS), told TOI that the population and habitat of Lesser Floricans has not been documented well in Maharashtra. The species has a stronghold in other states, hence Maharashtra does not figure in the action plan,'' he said.Moreover, the bird is found in non-protected areas in Maharashtra. \"The state forest department should forward a project proposal to MoEF. We need to have well-documented records for proper management and conservation,'' he said.The cry for Maharashtra to be included in the plan also came from Pramod Patil, director of the Great Indian Bustard Foundation. The action plan will help in long-term conservation and protection of the small population found in the state,'' he said.A R Moon, deputy conservator of forests, Akola district, said that at least four Lesser Floricans were sighted 2-3 years ago. They were on a private grassland and agricultural land that has a lake. We try to create awareness among people and forest guards about their conservation, but no proposal has been forwarded for the conservation of the Lesser Florican,'' he said.In the past, a Lesser Florican was reported in Yavatmal district, Vidarbha region in Maharashtra in 1982 and in 2010 in Akola district again. Conservationist Koustubh Pandharipande has reported that there were at least 20-25 Lesser Floricans in Washim district .Pandharipande has extensively studied the species and said they faced threats like poaching and habitat destruction. Lesser Floricans were sighted with the help of 'phase pardhis' in grassland patches and agricultural land in Akola and Washim district between 2007-2011. This hunting group knows the grassland area and the Lesser Floricans. So we involved them in our conservation efforts. Poaching and trapping of the bird has since reduced,'' he said.The birds arrive ahead of the breeding season which coincides with the monsoon from the end of May to August. After the breeding season, the birds reportedly fly back in the south-easterly direction around October or November.The birds have a harsh frog-like croak that males emit during the mating season when they jump to a height of 1.5 to 2 meters, he added.* Lesser Florican is one of the four threatened bustard species of India. The size of the bird is like a domestic hen, the male measuring about 46 cm and the female measures about 51 cm.* Earlier the Lesser Florican 'Sypheotides indica' was one of the common 'game' birds of the Indian grasslands, especially in Gujarat, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra and Karnataka. Now, perhaps less than 2,500 Lesser Florican survive in the world.* Lesser Florican is listed as an 'endangered' species in the IUCN Red List 2011. It is listed under the Schedule I of Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15245648", "title": "Army refutes charges of delayed deployment in Assam", "text": "KOLKATA: The Eastern Command has denied that there was any delay in the deployment of the Army in strife-hit parts of lower Assam, as claimed by chief minister Tarun Gogoi. According to senior officers, the situation in the districts of Kokrajhar, Chirang and Dhubri was allowed to get out of hand by the state government before the Army was called in. In a policy shift, Army commanders have apparently been told not to get directly involved if ethnic violence breaks out, particularly in Jammu and Kashmir and the North East.\"Our intelligence inputs had clearly indicated that trouble was brewing for quite some time in the three districts. During interactions with the civil administration, we had passed on these inputs to them. The state government had sufficient time to react and deploy police or central paramilitary forces personnel in the areas where tension was brewing. Instead of checking the violence, the state allowed matters to get out of hand and then asked for deployment of the Army. We had clear instructions from the top not to get involved till violence subsided to a certain extent. It was made clear that our role would be limited to enforcing curfew and maintaining law and order thereafter,\" an officer said.Deployment of the Army in J&K; and the North East during such incidents in the past has led to several problems. In these militancy-affected states, there is significant hostility among the local population towards the men in olive. Any use of force by the Army can have detrimental results, Delhi believes.\"In the past we have had a lot of trouble. If police or paramilitary forces personnel open fire to quell violence, there is no adverse reaction. If the Army does the same, there are protests from civil rights groups and other organizations. When this happens, the state governments - which sought our deployment in the first place - don't stand by us. After going through the details of what happened in the last several years, a decision has now been taken to adopt a wait and watch policy before jumping into the fray,\" the officer added.In the last few years, there has been a lot of debate on whether the Army should at all be deployed in the country's law and order duty. There has also been considerable debate on the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA). With AFSPA being gradually withdrawn from several parts of militancy-affected states, the Army has found it extremely difficult to operate. In J&K; and several states in the North East, the Army has gradually been replaced by police or paramilitary forces personnel.\"It has to be appreciated that the Army jawan is not trained to handle such situations. He is trained to fight wars where there is no requirement to show restraint. A soldier can't change overnight and remodel himself to control a rioting mob by using least force. We have realized that deployment of our troops in militancy-affected states has had an adverse affect on our operational preparedness,\" another officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15242534", "title": "Highway robbers arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two highwaymen belonging to an interstate gang of robbers have been arrested. They were involved in several truck robberies in NCR. Two trucks, an Indigo, two country-made pistols and four live cartridges were also seized.\"On July 26, we received information Rajeev and Umesh, belonging to the Ravinder gang, would come armed to Ghata Masjid, Ring Road, to meet an accomplice in a stolen car. We laid a trap and arrested the two,\" said additional DCP (crime and railways) Sanjay Bhatia.The duo admitted to their involvement in over 20 cases of highway truck robberies in NCR. Recently, the gang had robbed two trucks in Badalpur and Badayun in UP after holding the crew at gunpoint. Cops later recovered the trucks from Sanjay Gandhi Transport Nagar.\"The gang would chase new trucks (mostly those with 10 tyres) on the highway in a Scorpio at night. They used to strike when they got a chance, and would tie up the truck occupants and dump them at an isolated spot. They did not hesitate to kill when the victims resisted. They would later sell off the trucks in NCR for lakhs,\" said Bhatia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15245473", "title": "Body recovered from forests near Berasia", "text": "BHOPAL: A charred body was recovered from the jungles of village Bhojapur in Berasia area here on Saturday morning. The identity of the deceased is yet to be ascertained. Police have not ruled out the possibility of murder. The body was recovered on the information of Ramesh, a resident of village Bhojapur. Police have sent the body for post mortem and said the exact reasons of death would be ascertained in the autopsy report that remained awaited.Chain snatched: A woman was relived of her gold chain in Koh-e-Fiza locality on Friday. The complainant Arti, a resident of Vijay Nagar, was returning home walking from the airport road side when an unidentified motorcycle borne accused snatched her gold chain and sped away. Police said the efforts remain underway to ascertain the identity of the accused.Suicide: A 22-year-old youth allegedly committed suicide here on Saturday afternoon. The deceased, Vivek, was found hanging in his house in Sarvdharam colony, Kolar. Police have ruled out that recovered any suicide note from the spot. It appears that the deceased who was a student of B Com was perturbed by his illness and took the extreme step.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15246030", "title": "Pirated CDs, DVDs worth Rs 17.6L seized", "text": "PUNE: The Pune crime branch arrested three people on Saturday for selling pirated CDs and DVDs at Deccan Gymkhana. Police also seized CDs and DVDs worth Rs 17.62 lakh from the trio.The arrested include Pramod Joshi (30) of Sahakarnagar and Sudhir Sawant (24) and Rakesh Sable (25), both residents of Gultekdi.Senior police inspector (unit I) Sunil Deshmukh said police have seized 11,510 pirated CDs and DVDs in two separate raids conducted on the pavements near Utkarsh book depot and Agents Corner at about 12.15 pm.Deshmukh said the vendors were selling pirated CDs and DVDs of popular Hindi and Marathi films for Rs 100 and Rs 200, while the cost for the original product is much higher. Umesh Kumar Singh, field officer of the Flair Enterprise copyright company, has registered a complaint against the vendors under relevant sections of the Copyright Act at the Deccan Gymkhana police station, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15255004", "title": "Taapsee's brand value rises!", "text": "In the world of films, no publicity is bad publicity and nothing sells better than controversy. The latest example to this adage is actress Taapsee, who after a promising debut with Aadukalam, failed to build on it with films that were disastrous at the BO.However, the recent spat between actors Mahat Raghavendra and Manchu Manoj on account of the actress at a private party in the city has now made her the go-to girl for advertisers. Taapsee has been reported to have been dating both these actors at some point and it is alleged that is this factor that resulted in the fist fight that led Mahat to lodge a complaint against Manoj.Recently, a Chennai-based textile and jewellery group had approached the actress to be their brand ambassador to build on the actress's increase in exposure due to the Mahat-Manchu episode. We hear that the actress had asked for cool Rs 1 crore (almost 5 times her previous brand value) as her remuneration and the group surprisingly agreed. Now, we hear that the actress has decided to cash in on this new-found demand.Taapsee is currently playing the second lead in Vishnu Vardhan's next film which stars Ajith and Nayanthara in the lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "goa", "code": "15244930", "title": "Scent of jasmines fills industrial hub for Zaianchi zatra", "text": "GOA: Kundaim, an industrial hub of Ponda, today wears an altogether different mood due to the traditional Zaianchi zatra held with immense degree of devotion in the temple of the village deity, Navdurga.Mahishsurmardini, a deity killing buffalo demon with a trident is worshipped as Navdurga. For a period of more than 100 years, the village is celebrating Zaianchi zatra on the 10th day of the first fortnight. From this year onwards, the temple committee of Zaianchi pooja has decided to celebrate this festival on the tenth day of the first fortnight of the holy Shravan month.The priest of the temple, Ghanshyam Atmaram Joshi, 74, from Dassalwada-Kundaim, said, \"As the villagers are engrossed totally in the popular festival of Ganesh Chaturthi on the Bhadrapad Dashami, it was decided to celebrate the Zaianchi zatra on Shravan Dashami.\"Shravan, the fifth month of the Hindu calendar, is considered most auspicious as it is marked by a variety of fairs, festivals and rituals. The shrub of zaio (Jasmine) is in full bloom during Shravan. Through tradition, villagers are involved in growing jasmine flowers and selling their garlands in large quantity.However, on the day of Zaianchi zatra, all growers of zaio flowers pluck these jasmines and send them to the temple of Navdurga.During the past seven days, Saptak was also organized in which well-known artists took part. Joshi recalls memories of the seven-day festival of Saptak immortalized by the veteran singers and artists of the Marathi musical drama Bal Gandharv with the support from Vamanrao Kundaikar.This year, Zaianchi zatra saw performances by Omkar Patil and Sima Damale. Temple committee president Premanand Kamat along with its members oversaw arrangements for this year's Zaianchi zatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15245773", "title": "Man alleges doctors, NGO for misoperation", "text": "JAIPUR: A man filed a complaint against private doctors and an NGO alleging that they operated his \"wrong\" eye in a medical camp held in 2009.Complainant Hanswaj, a resident of Swami Basti in VKI area, lodged an FIR through court with the Vidhyakpuri police station on Saturday alleging that he lost vision of both his eyes due to carelessness of doctors in the camp.Investigating officer Sriniwas Kumar said, \"In 2009, an NGO World City Society Lines organized an eye camp in the Vidhyakpuri area. Hansraj was also operated in the camp. He alleged that the doctors operated his left eye when he had problem in the right eye.\"Srinivas said that they had investigated the matter earlier too, when the complainant had approached the police station after the operation. \"We will investigate the matter again. Though we had carried out enquires with the help of the medical board of the Sawai Man Singh hospital earlier. The board found that he did not lose his vision because of operation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15243224", "title": "'Thespo' conducts workshop for local artists", "text": "NAGPUR: At the Rashtrabhasha Sabhagrah on North Ambazari Road, some 20-odd theatre artists were soaking in lessons in theatre techniques at a two-day workshop held by Mumbai-based organization Thespo. Described as a theatre movement for the young, Thespo holds similar workshops at the iconic Prithvi Theatre in Mumbai.Varun Bangera, one of the organizers, said that they taught the students what is known as Augusto Boyle technique. Terming it as a group dynamic exercise, Bangera said that it was propounded by the South African writer and theatre artist Augusto Boyle and deals with personal conflicts which exist in local communities. \"Through this, a theatre person learns about the concepts of set design and acting skills like emotion and expressions,\" he explained.While holding auditions in Nagpur for plays to be staged at its annual festival, Thespo realized that there \"was a lot of positive energy and enthusiasm among the hard working and sincere artists here\". \"But they seemed to be missing what it takes to perform on bigger platforms,\" said Varun. It is to fill in this requirement that this workshop is being conducted. \"This will teach them new skills and techniques which we hope they will apply to give that extra touch to their works,\" he added.Gaurav Ambare, a theatre actor who attended the workshop, said that the experience has been an epiphany for most of them. \"With no theatre workshops being held in the city, there is a lack of guidance for young artists like us. In these two days we learnt how to break from stereotypes and topicality.\"What was also learnt were the different ways in which a play can be presented. \"We also learnt a variety of methods and ways in which an actor can emote or express himself,\" he said.Founded in 1999 by a group of young theatre enthusiast which included Quasar Thakore Padamsee, Nadir Khan and Arghy Laheri in Mumbai, Thespo today reaches out cities across India. It also held a workshop in Australia last year. Besides theatre, the workshops are also on puppetry, masks, street plays. Its activities also include live bands and an event called 'Thespo fringe' for amateur artists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15242909", "title": "YSR Congress woos ex-minister Dasari Narayana Rao", "text": "HYDERABAD: Senior actor Mohan Babu's recent meeting with YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy in Chanchalguda jail raised several eyebrows and led to speculations that he might jump on the Jagan bandwagon.But more than speculation about Mohan Babu's moves, the current buzz in the YSR Congress is that his guru, veteran filmmaker and former central minister Dasari Narayana Rao is being wooed by the party leadership with an eye on the sizeable Kapu vote bank.Sources said two former Rajya Sabha members were talking to Dasari to rope him in to the YSR Congress. Dasari who has been lying low after the death of his wife Dasari Padma has been offered a berth in the upper house if he joins the party.The YSR Congress looks at the proposition as a win-win scenario for both Dasari and the party since the Congress did not give the former his due though he had served as a central minister, sources averred. \"He would be an asset to the party as he stands a good chance of mobilizing Kapu voters in the 2014 elections,\" a party insider said.One of the former MPs who is a Sahitya Academy winner, is trying to convince the veteran director to switch over to the Jagan party. The ex-MP's son has already formed a YSR Youth Congress unit in the US and is making a strong pitch for Jagan as the next chief minister of the state.Though Dasari is yet to make up his mind, sources do not rule out the possibility of the former minister jumping the fence. Earlier, it was believed that Dasari was inclined towards joining the TDP because of his closeness to actor Balakrishna. \"Dasari's association with the Nandamuri family is strong and cannot be ignored.He had directed former chief minister and TDP founder-president NT Rama Rao in several films. But he has never entertained any thought of joining TDP,\" sources in Dasari camp explained.Analysts point out that a majority of the Kapus had voted for the YSR CP in the recent byelections and as Dasari is a strong Kapu leader, the Jagan camp wants to bank on his popularity in the communityand convert it into a sizeable vote bank in the run up to the 2014 elections. \"The YSR CP is known as a Reddy-dominant party.Little wonder the party think tank is now desperately looking for a serious Kapu leader who can be the face of the community and garner votes,\" a party leader from Krishna district said.Also, the YSR CP wants Dasari to neutralize the influence of Chiranjeevi, who is also a Kapu, on the community, he reasoned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15245576", "title": "Academic atmosphere deteriorates in Rajasthan University", "text": "JAIPUR: The series of protest and demonstrations by students groups in a bid to garner support ahead of the union elections has resulted in deserted classrooms and laboratories at the Rajasthan University and its constituent colleges. Attendance in these colleges has fallen down miserably ever since the election date was announced by state government.TOI did a reality check and found that only a very few classes were running with 50% attendance while others were occupied with only handful of students. The reason being no academic atmosphere on the campuses. In the last 20 days, police resorted to lathicharge on campus at least a dozen times creating fear among the newcomers who are unprepared for this kind of environment. Most of the RU professors, particularly those who also teach in constituent colleges, are busy handling the admission process of PG departments of the university.Demonstrations on the campus have become a daily affair leading to disinterest among the students who are now choosing to stay away from the students' election process. \"Everyday they come to our classes and ask us to join us in the protests. I have not attended a single class peacefully since the new session has started. I will join the classes after the elections,\" said Rakhi Sharma, a first year BA student, adding that it is disheartening to see senior studens misbehaving with teachers just to hog the limelight.The academic atmosphere has gone for a toss with the election process on, said a senior professor who feels that students' union elections are a futile exercise. Similar is the scene in colleges like Commerce, Rajasthan and Maharaja's. Police had resorted to lathicharge for at least in these colleges twice in past week alone.In Maharaja's College not a single practical class has begun either due to absence of students or teachers. In fact, most of the professors are engaged in additional responsibility and they fail to turn-up to the colleges. Chemistry professor RV Singh, who is Dean Students Welfare, is busy handling elections and maintaining law and order on the campus. Another professor of commerce and chief proctor B L Godara is monitoring students' activities finding it difficult to take out time for classes.The postgraduate courses in the university are yet to complete the admission process. The delay is attributed to the late announcement of results. Professor Rashmi Jain of sociology department said it is most unlikely that classes will resume before the Rakhi festival which is on August 2. \"Protest and demonstrations create a sense of fear among students and they may turn up only after the elections. This situation is very grave for semester students for whom every day is crucial,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15255545", "title": "DiCaprio and Tom Cruise line up for $103 billion Hollywood stars\u2019 photo call", "text": "A total of 116 Hollywood stars, whose box office earnings total a whopping 103 billion dollars, came together for a photo to celebrate Paramount Studios' 100th anniversary.The line up included people from various fields of filmmaking like acting, producing, directing, singing, writing and company president, the Daily Mail reported.Also included in the line up were A-listers like Tom Cruise and Leonardo DiCaprio .According to the photographer Art Streiber, even the biggest names of the industry were humbled.\"This is epic,\" DiCaprio said, as he entered Studio 18 on the Paramount lot and gaped at the line-up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15246147", "title": "UP govt to issue smart driving licences from September", "text": "KANPUR: The state government had decided to issue smart licence cards from September to check irregularities in driving licences.Transport minister Manpal Singh said here on Saturday that there were complaints about irregularities in issuing of driving licecnes. In order to check it, the state government had been decided to issue smart card driving licences. Initially, the scheme would be launched in 11 large cities like Lucknow, Kanpur, Agra, Allahabad and Varanasi in the first phase.He said that Madhya Pradesh , Tamil Nadu and Gujarat had introduced smart driving licences. The smart license card would contain a chip in which the details of the card-holder would be fed.The record of driving licence would be kept at national register of driving. It could be accessed from anywhere, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nuh", "code": "15243794", "title": "Finish development works in Mewat on time: CM to babus", "text": "NUH: Chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on Saturday said the state has undertaken several development projects to transform Mewat into a developed area. Hooda reminded the officers that as dates for completion of various development projects of the area had been decided with their consent, those asking for extension of schedule would invite stern action against themselves. The chief minister, in a meeting with Mewat district officials here, reviewed the development projects. Another review meeting would be held after three months, and any official found guilty of ignoring responsibilities would face stern action, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "15246766", "title": "They have guardian angels watching over them: Indian School of Business", "text": "MOHALI: Offering mentorship, professional guidance, getting them acquainting them with various cultural aspects to welcoming them into the family-fold as part of weekend get-togethers, the guardian families of the students of Indian School of Business are doing it all.The students and the families also ensure that they are part of each others crucial ceremonies, Forty families in the Tricity from diverse backgrounds, including prominent industrialists, businessmen and government officials, have willingly made ISB students a part of their family and would play host to them for a year.These include families of General (Retd) V P Malik, industrialist Yashovardhan Saboo, noted advocate Manmohan Sarin, Canada consul general Scott Slessor, writer Khushwant Singh , entrepreneurship specialist Puneet Vatsyan and several others.A trend similar to the model followed in US business schools, where a family plays hosts to new students in the city, study groups comprising four to five ISB students -- most of who are new to the city, have been adopted by these families. Aikya - a Sanskrit word meaning oneness - is the name of this programme at ISB.I was new to the city and from getting a mobile connection to bonding over weekend for a cultural tete-a-tete and getting professional guidance, the families that got connected to us through Aikya are amazingly helpful, smiles Amaury Wauters, a post graduation programme (PGP) student from Belgium at ISB.Mapping the interest area of students, they are attached to the families related to their respective verticals under the programme.We invite our guardian families to important functions at ISB. Since I came to Punjab for the first time to study, it was the family that taught me a lot about the local culture besides offering me professional advice,a?? says Pramod Das, an ISB student of the 2013 batch who hails from Nepal.Equally excited are the family members who are playing host to these students.My wife Anu and I have been extremely excited about hosting these students. We invited them for a party at our home and we also discussed their respective careers, and how they can achieve what they want to, says Punit Vatsayan, managing director of a leading firm, who is playing host to two study groups.Shiv Kumar, director, Student Engagement and Applied Learning ( SEAL ), ISB said, The purpose was to connect students with the local society. The steering committee at ISB comprising seven members helped identify families. For students it is a big learning experience to connect with such leading families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15242307", "title": "Boy injured after tripping on discom pit", "text": "NEW DELHI: A nine-year-old boy suffered head injuries when he stepped on loose earth used to cover a pit dug up by discom BSES Yamuna. The incident took place in front of his house at AGCR Enclave in east Delhi's Karkardooma area. The boy's family has lodged a case of negligence against the discom.Family members of Shubhranshu Gupta, a Class IV student, said he had stepped out to remove bricks blocking the drainage pipes along his house on Thursday afternoon. \"It had poured throughout the day and water had collected on the road in front of my house, which could not flow due to bricks kept near the pipes. I went to remove them but did not notice the pit filled with loose earth. My right foot got stuck and I fell headlong onto the cement pavement,\" said Shubhranshu.The boy's parents had gone to work when the incident happemed. His grandparents rushed outside and saw him lying on the pavement with his foot inside the pit. \"There was a gash on his head, so we rushed him to a nearby nursing home. The doctor examined him for internal head injuries. He also had abrasions on his leg. He was put on painkillers after getting seven stitches,\" said Shubhranshu's grandmother, Kusum Gupta.Family members said the discom had dug up pits in the lane in front of their house four days ago. Despite repeated requests to fill up the pits, they simply dumped a load of earth in them. \"The individual/agency that carried out BSES's work outside our house behaved negligently. It did not cover the pit properly even after four days. The engineer concerned was informed about the accident but was apathetic,'' said Shubranshu's grandfather, K R Gupta.BSES Yamuna blamed the heavy rain. \"We were doing electrification work for a PWD flyover opposite Karkardooma court and needed to dig pits for underground cabling. According to the procedure, we covered these with loose earth. Due to heavy rain, the earth inside the pit sank, leaving a hollow due to which the boy lost his balance. The issue is being taken up with the contractor,'' said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15245952", "title": "Chetan Bhagat shares management gyan with fans", "text": "LUDHIANA: Celebrated Indian author Chetan Bhagat, who is known for his bestsellers like Five Point Someone and One Night at Call Center, shared his management skills with residents, apart from discussing his literary opinions and thoughts, during a visit to the city on Saturday.People enjoyed a motivational session with Bhagat, a columnist and an IIM-A passout, as he discussed issues like technological innovation and excitement and advised listeners about creating a balance between these, in order to run a progressive venture. Enthusiastic audience turned up in large numbers to attend the three hour session at Guru Nanak Bhavan.Bhagat said it is important to inculcate leadership qualities and have a clear focus in life. I always wanted to listen to him in person, said Sachin Atreyan, an astrologer from Model Gram.Industrialist Lokesh Maingi from Sector 32, Chandigarh Road, said the talk was quite useful as Bhagat guided them with innovative ways to use available workforce efficiently and deal better with vendors.Surbhi Trikha, a student who came from BRS Nagar with her friend Arushi, exclaimed her excitement saying, I had always wanted to meet Chetan Bhagat, but never knew my dream will come true in Ludhiana it self. This will be a memorable day of my life. Surbhi said she learned a lot from Bhagat's motivational session.Organizers of the event Aseem Gupta and Shelly Gupta, both residents of Kiran Vihar, said, \"Over 1,000 people, mostly students, attended the event. The idea of having Bhagat in the city excited many.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15245040", "title": "'Problem of plenty' in AP Film Chamber of Commerce polls", "text": "HYDERABAD: Strange as it may seem, one man may cast more than one vote in Sunday's elections to the executive of the AP Film Chamber of Commerce. A keen fight is on the cards for the prestigious film body with several top personalities entering the fray this year, but the elections continue to be a farce due to the unsettled dispute of multiple votes.The film chamber has four sections comprising producers, exhibitors (theatre-owners), distributors and studio-owners. So, if a person is producer, exhibitor, distributor and studio-owner, he has the right to cast four votes. That is not all. If a producer makes films under several banners, he will have as many votes as the number of banners. Or, for that matter, even a distributor has votes as per the number of distribution houses he has registered with the film chamber. Since the establishment of the body in 1979, the practice of multiple votes has been continuing and there seems to be no solution yet.According to sources, one person in the film chamber is said to have as many as 19 votes. Another person is said to have 14 votes. There are several who have multiple votes. The number of voters registered with the chamber is 1,158 producers, 568 distributors, 1,800 exhibitors and 43 studio owners.\"Definitely, one person should not have that many votes. The film chamber has not been able to resolve this issue,\" said producer Tammareddy Bharadwaja, who is aiming to get elected as president of the chamber. In fact, last year some members of the film chamber including producer Dasaratha Sangishetti approached the court on the issue of multiple votes. The third additional chief judge, civil court, Hyderabad then directed the chamber to hold a detailed discussion before the elections on July 31 and settle the issue.However, the film chamber went ahead with the elections last year without resolving the issue. \"I am all for one vote for one person. The multiple vote issue must be settled. But apart from that, we also have the issue of people who have just registered and are not active in films anymore. Those votes should also be weeded out,\" D Suresh Babu, president of the chamber told STOI.Sunday's election will be the most keenly contested battles of all as the film industry is divided into 'haves' and 'have nots'. It is a battle between small producers and the more influential, who also hold leases over hundreds of theatres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15242362", "title": "Boy caught tenant in act, murdered", "text": "NEW DELHI: A seven-year-old boy had to pay with his life for unintentionally intruding into the private life of his tenant. The child, who had seen his tenant and a neighbourhood woman canoodling, reported the matter to his father, a spare parts dealer, resulting in the tenant getting an eviction order. The angry tenant then murdered the boy and dumped his body in a nearby canal. A protest from local residents and attempts to block the road on Saturday finally galvanized the police into arresting the three accused.The incident was reported from northwest district's Swaroop Nagar area. The boy's remains were found on Saturday. \"We were forced to block Ring Road after the local SHO refused to look for the body. It was only after we blocked the road that cops began searching for his body,'' alleged Anand Chaudhry, one of the protesters.The chain of events started in the beginning of July when the boy, Gaurav, found his tenant Ashish (22) in a compromising position with a neighbourhood woman who had married a few years ago. Ashish had moved to the house about a year ago. Gaurav told his father what he had seen, on July 10, disregarding Ashish's threats. On July 13, Gaurav was found missing from outside his house around 7pm.\"During interrogation, it was found that Ashish was missing since July 13. Through sources, it came to light that on July 18 one Islam alias Bunty (19) \u2014 a friend of Ashish \u2014 had asked his contractor for Rs 200. Asked why he needed the money, Bunty had said that he had to flee to his hometown as Ashish and he had murdered Gaurav and dumped the body in a drain. The accused's hideouts were raided in UP and MP. Bunty was finally arrested on July 22 near Swarup Nagar. He confessed and his statement was recorded,'' said DCP (northwest) P Karunakaran.Bunty also identified the crime spot. He was later sent to two weeks' judicial custody. Ashish was arrested on Saturday from near Mukarba Chowk. Although the DCP did not confirm this, joint commissioner (northern range) Tajender Luthra told TOI that Ashish's woman friend had also been arrested for conspiring in the murder.\"He was thoroughly interrogated and he confessed to have committed the crime. On his instance, parts of Gaurav's skeleton were recovered from the nearby tunnel. The investigation is in progress,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15246107", "title": "Anti-graft movement gaining momentum", "text": "KANPUR: Anna Hazare's movement against corruption is gaining momentum in city with every passing day. The city people continued supporting Anna and protested all day long for the proposals of the strong Lokpal Bill even on the fourth consecutive day.People from all walks of life gathered at Gandhi Pratima at Phoolbagh to show their support for anti-graft legislation. Students, teachers, senior citizens, school students all showed their enormous support to Anna's moment.Many people also remained on day long fast at Gandhi Pratima . The city people also organised symposiums to show their support to Anna.Sakshi, the girl involved in the famous SP Shahi case also came forward at Gandh Pratima to show her support to Anna Movement. She also said that she will follow the path shown by Anna and support him in all ways.Nandita, who is continuously holding fast from the day one of Annass andolan said that the government needs to understand the rising support to Hazare across the nation.\"As, Anna has begun his agitation for Jan Lokpal Bill, my hunger strike is to express solidarity with Anna. I will continue my fast till Anna gives up,\" added Nandita further.Members of 'Rashtriya Viklang Party' in a bid to show their support to Anna will organise a symposium on Sunday. The members of Anna Hazare fans club staged a dharna at Phoolbagh and raised slogans to curb corruption to show their support to anti-graft legislation appealed by Anna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15245715", "title": "\u2018Include other ministries in diplomatic exercise\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ministry of external affairs (MEA) should not work in isolation from other ministries, particularly with respect to securing access to strategic materials, hydrocarbons etc. The Naresh Chandra task force report makes a strong pitch for other ministries to be involved in diplomatic exercise, which now remains the sole remit of the MEA.\"With regard to strategic materials and hydrocarbons, a nodal agency or ministry should be designated for effective follow-up on these issues in consultation with the MEA and missions abroad.\" The task force says the mines ministry is best suited for this purpose. The report asks repeatedly for the private sector to be involved in these exercises. The panel observes that the growth of the private sector can help play a much bigger role in India's foreign outreach. But typically for government, it views private sector with a mixture of suspicion and fear, preferring a top-down approach to Indian industry.\"There should be a suitable mechanism for continuing coordination between the ministries of mines, MEA, finance ministry, other ministries, apex commercial bodies and Indian missions\", when India is looking for hydrocarbon investments overseas.The report also recommends that MEA's newly-created development partnership administration (DPA) should be structured on the lines of modern financial services institutions and should have \"aid administrators\" from both government and private sectors.The report tasks the foreign secretary with the responsibility to ensure inter-ministerial coordination by the DPA as well as inter-divisional interaction within the MEA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15245395", "title": "Residents raise a stink over mounting heaps of garbage", "text": "BHOPAL: Heaps of garbage and dilapidated dustbins have now become a common sight in the city with the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) running out of steam in its cleanliness drive. All these things are only adding to the woes of the city residents.Dipti Sharma, Sonal Mongi and Deepali Mehta, all residents of E- 2 Arera Colony, said, \"Wherever dustbins are placed, there are heaps of garbage surrounding it. Even the rag pickers collect garbage and dump it near the dustbin. When the garbage picking van arrives, it empties the dustbin and overlooks the surrounding waste. This pollutes the surrounding and makes it disease prone.\"J K Singh, a resident of Bittan market, said, \"I remember that the corporation had announced some cleanliness drive. However, I have not seen any. Sweepers are seen only on the two major roads - link road No. 1 and 2 -and some very posh areas of 74 bungalows and Char Imli. The rest of the city is left on its own to deal with the garbage.\"Anupam Sen and Nirmala Sen, residents of MP Nagar, said, \"There are heaps of garbage in MP Nagar Zone 1 and 2 on the road parallel to railway line. It has become a mini dumping ground. It stinks so badly that it makes it difficult for us to stay. We have asked the corporation several times to come and clean this up, but in vain. What we receive is just assurances from the officials. We had also given a written complaint, but the condition still remains the same.\"Though 3,000 employees have been appointed for the cleanliness drive, a neat and clean city seem to be a distant dream. The BMC collects more than 600 metric ton of garbage and dumps it in the Bhanpur dumping ground on Ayodhya bypass, officials said. The corporation had also ordered sweeping machines worth Rs 5 lakh each few years ago, but they are not in use anymore. However, when asked about this, the BMC officials said these machines are in the BMC work station and the city does not require them anymore. Interestingly, the BMC was to shift the dumping yard from Bhanpur Khanti to a 63 acre of land it has acquired at Fatehpur Dogra in the outskirts of the city. The corporation was to shift the dumping yard a year ago, but is yet to do the needful.\"Cleaning garbage is a daily process, but it is not possible for us to keep the city clean everyday. After all, citizens also lack civic sense,\" BMC additional commissioner Pramod Shukla said. \"We also need more staff and infrastructure to clean the city. The existing staff is not sufficient,\" he said.However, residents do not agree to this argument saying, unhealthy and filthy conditions are prevailing in the city since a long, but there is no solution for the same,\" Nirmala Sen added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15246037", "title": "Bandh observed in Sulemsarai area", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The shopkeepers downed their shutters and locals of Sulemsarai protested on Saturday against the widening of the GT Road extending from Sulemsarai to Mundera. The widening of the road would entail demolition of shops and the houses that have been constructed on the extended portion on both the sides of the road.Shopkeepers said the development agencies hadpreviously widened the road and even broke the constructed houses and shops up to 11 metres on both the sides several years back. That time, shopkeepers said, they had to suffer heavy financial losses and the houses of the residents were also broken. However, with the limited resources, they once again constructed the house and shops much away from the road.However, the development agencies have once again decided to demolish the shop and the houses upto 3 meters from both the sides of the road. The shopkeepers rued that if the developmental agencies have to widen the road, why did they widen it only up to 15 metres and not 18 metres.The widening of the road will affect the business of about 1000 shopkeepers besides affecting 5,000 families, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15244649", "title": "Sunderbans tiger recovering at zoo", "text": "KOLKATA: The Sunderbans tiger which was brought to Alipore zoo for treatment on Thursday is doing well now. Zoo officials said the big cat, aged about 7 to 8 years, is responding to the treatment and has a good appetite.\"We had given it a full chicken on Saturday morning and 3 kg meat at night. He ate the food, which shows it has a healthy appetite. We are planning to raise the quantity of meat from Sunday,\" said Dr D N Banerjee, who is attending to the tiger at the zoo.Zoo director Neeraj Singhal said the tiger's condition is better, but the hind portion is still weak. \"We had done its stool test and found presence of worms. De-worming will be done soon. We also have plans to collect its blood samples in a couple of days for further tests so that we get to know whether it has any internal ailment,\" Singhal added.Sunderbans Biosphere Reserve director Pradeep Vyas said that he, along with chief wildlife warden S B Mondol, would be visiting the zoo early next week to check the tiger's condition.Two members of National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) Schedule I animal handling committee, Joydip Kundu and Anurag Danda, visited the zoo on Friday afternoon. \"It will take some time to give a final report. Observing a tiger in a cage is quite difficult compared to observing it in the field. So, I will take time and give my complete observations,\" said Kundu.It may be noted that TOI, in its Friday edition , had reported that the big cat was spotted in Pirkhali VI by forest department officials on Wednesday. They had observed the tiger for 24 hours and as there was very less movement in it, the foresters decided to bring it to the zoo for treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "jaipur/jodhpur", "code": "15245502", "title": "Other institutes across state in grip of election fever", "text": "JAIPUR/JODHPUR: State universities and colleges are gearing up for the students union elections with most of the universities in Ajmer, Jodhpur, and Udaipur abuzz with poll-related activities.In Ajmer, the Maharishi Dayanand Saraswati (MDS) University witnessed protest from student groups almost on a daily basis on several issues relating to the university.A dozen of protests has taken place organized by both NSUI and ABVP on the university campus affecting both administrative and academic work. Potential candidates here have started approaching students for canvassing even in the middle of the classes. Since MDS is severely facing faculty and fund crunch, the protests are directed on the issue which students said the situation is so worst that many departments are running without a single faculty.District NSUI president Wajid Khan said this election is very crucial for the group. \"It will be a litmus test for both us as we need to identify a candidate which has the capability to ensure smooth conduct of the academics,\" Khan said.The Jai Narayan Vyas University is also witnessing a sudden spurt in student activities. Groups of students owing allegiance to different unions have also started door-to-door to canvassing.They have even opened student facilitation centers in the university in the name of helping students and distribute printed material. The walls of the university can be seen painted with posters and banners despite warning from the administration not to do so. All unions are engaged in canvassing in disregard all the norms recommended by the Lyngdoh Committee.The major concern for the student groups in this election is the delayed admission process this session, which is still underway. \"In a rough estimate, about 40% of the total students will not be able to exercise their franchise as the admission process is not over and their names will not be in the voting list,\" a student leader said.The student groups have resorted to all sort efforts they could come up with to gain sympathy from the students and vote for them. Recently, three students of different unions had climbed up a mobile tower located at the university's central office and they alighted only after the vice-chancellor arrived at the spot and agreed to fulfill most of their demands.At MLS University, which has a history of clashes between NSUI and ABVP members, heavy police deployed has been made at all entry and exit points to ensure that no untoward happens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "15244903", "title": "3 women die in tourist bus blast in J&K;", "text": "SRINAGAR: Three women tourists from Maharashtra were killed and six injured in a mysterious explosion inside a mini-bus near Bijbehara in J&K;'s Anantnag district on Saturday. The bus was carrying the tourists from Srinagar to the resort town of Pahalgam.There were conflicting versions about the nature of the explosion. The police issued a statement in the evening maintaining that a cylinder had exploded in the vehicle. The statement identified the three as Neesha Jeetwah, Nirmala Rathore and Indu Bhae. It said splinters recovered from the blast site would be sent to a forensic laboratory to ascertain the cause of the explosion.Some eyewitnesses too had said that an LPG cylinder that the tourists were carrying had caused the explosion.But initially the police had said that two boys on a motorcycle had chased the bus and hurled a grenade towards it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15245579", "title": "Talks of leadership change in Cong gain momentum", "text": "JAIPUR: With the Congress heir-apparent Rahul Gandhi declaring his readiness to play a larger role in the party and the government, political circles in the state are buzzing with reports of some top level leadership changes taking place in the state in the coming days.Different camps within the party state unit are interpreting the recent meetings between Rahul and Rajasthan's Congress leaders, including chief minister Ashok Gehlot , to suit their own interests. However, almost everyone in the party has begun to believe that the Congress central leadership was poised to replace at least of one of the top two here-chief minister Gehlot or party president Chandrabhan-in preparation for the next assembly elections due in December 2013.Party spokesperson Satyendra Raghav, however, rubbished the reports. \"All these talks are just rumours. Congress at present is fully concentrating on the next assembly elections,\" Raghav said.Even as the party office-bearers dismissed the reports about probable leadership changes as rumours, a couple of names as replacements of Gehlot and Chandrabhan are already doing the round. The party men are mentioning about half-a-dozen Congress leaders who are being considered to replace the chief minister. These include, union ministers CP Joshi, Sachin Pilot , Jitendra Singh and Namo Narayan Meena and Chittorgarh MP Girija Vyas .Similarly, the talks about replacing Chandrabhan have also gained momentum. The party men believe that Chandrabhan was more likely to be replaced by a Congressman from his own community. In such a scenario, Nagaur MP Jyoti Mirdha, Churu MP Narendra Budania and revenue minister Hemaram Chaudhary are said to be in the forefront. Another camp of the party men believe that Chandrabhan could be replaced by a Brahmin and the choices include Rajasthan finance commission chairperson BD Kalla and Jaipur MP Mahesh Joshi . Chittorgarh MP Vyas's name figures in this list, too. Yet another camp believes that the party high command could go with someone from the SC/ST community also. Rajasthan housing board chairman Parasram Mordia's name comes in this list.Of late, the party organisation and the party government in the state are being seen at loggerheads with each other. Loyalists of both the camps are busy pointing out the each others drawbacks and failures at a time when the party is fast getting into the election mode. Muslim community's ire in the aftermath of Gopalgarh police firing incident, the unending complaints by the party legislators against the chief minister's working style and the intermittent fights among his ministers and parliamentary secretaries are being highlighted as the weak points of Gehlot.On the other hand, Chandrabhan's controversial statements, the party's failure in sticking to the election programme schedules like organising political assemblies in constituencies and in being unable to highlight the party government's achievements might not go well with the arty central leadership.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15241916", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation's Wi-Fi dreams soar again", "text": "NAGPUR: The aim of the city to become a Wi-Fi city may be realized soon. A Hyderabad-based private company has submitted a proposal to Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) standing committee to provide the sophisticated service in the city. Couple of days ago the company gave a presentation to mayor Anil Sole in this regard.Sole told TOI that the company submitted a proposal to the chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari. \"We went through the company's presentation. Everything was satisfactory but the project needs to be properly worked out before any decision is taken. We do not want to repeat the mistakes made earlier. I have asked the representatives of the company to come up with a feasibility study. It is our wish to provide good services in the city but in proper and perfect condition. Efforts will be taken to prepare a proper road map to make the plan successful,\" he said.If the deal comes through the city may earn the privilege of becoming the first city in the country to have Wi-Fi but all this seems to be a distant dream if past experiences are taken into account. In 2009, a foreign based company Zylog Systems (India) Limited submitted a proposal to provide Wi-Fi service in the city. The company got the work order. But later on the company backed out of the project. Thereafter, city-based Moksha Wireless Communications Services in a joint venture with New York-based International Communications Enterprises (ICE) submitted a proposal. NMC struck up a deal with the two companies and also issued work order but again the same thing happened. The joint venture didn't take off.Now, the Hyderabad-based company has brought the city's Wi-Fi hopes alive again with the latest proposal. It will be interesting to see whether the plans materialize this time.Sole said that the Wi-Fi service is very important for developing cities like Nagpur. \"Wi-Fi label will give a new face to the city. The service will also provide impetus to many sectors like information technology, education, industry etc,\" he said.Standing panel chief Tiwari has taken the issue seriously and vowed to make efforts to finish the Wi-Fi project during his one-year tenure. According to the plans submitted by the company, NMC will not have to spend a single penny in starting the service. Besides this, the NMC will get Wi-Fi service free of cost for its administrative works.ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15245499", "title": "Lokayukta probe against CM, six ministers lingering: Ajay Singh", "text": "BHOPAL: Stepping up its attack against the BJP government on corruption issue, opposition Congress in Madhya Pradesh on Saturday pointed out that Lokayukta probe on complaints of corruption against chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, six ministers and three former ministers were lingering on for years.In a letter to the Lokayukta, leader of the opposition Ajay Singh pointed out that the complaints against BJP government's 10 ministers, which were filed between 2005 and 2008, were still pending for probe before the anti-corruption ombudsman. He sought to know whether there was any specific reason for what he termed as unreasonable delay in investigating complaints against the ministers and former ministers.He urged the Lokayukta to initiate immediate step to begin probe against seven ministers and three former ministers as it is the mandate of the Lokayukta sangathan to fight corruption at highest levels. He said delay in initiating probe on such complaints could adversely affect the credibility of the constitutional body.The leader of the opposition said complaints against chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, urban development minister Babulal Gaur , animal husbandry minister Ajay Vaishnoi, environment minister Jayant Maliaya, technical education minister Laxmikant Sharma, industries minister Kailash Vijayavargiya and school education minister Archana Chitnis were pending before the Lokayukta. Besides, there were also complaints against former ministers Choudhary Chandrabhan Singh, Kamal Patel and Ramakant Tiwari, he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15230267", "title": "Dostana director out of Dharma Productions?", "text": "Having started his career as an assistant to Karan Johar in Kuch Kuch Hota Hai, Tarun Mansukhani has always been a Dharma Productions loyalist. But if insiders are to be believed, the Dostana director has recently been shown the door by the man who he considered his mentor - KJo.A source from the production house spilled the beans. \"The sequel to Dostana has been on the back burner for a couple of years. Nothing was really moving forward. Probably, Tarun became restless with the endless 'reworking' of scripts. He started approaching other producers. Karan found out and was very upset. He asked Tarun to leave Dharma,\" the source explained.This sudden turn of events also puts a question mark on the much-anticipated film - Dostana 2. \"We have no idea what is going to happen to the sequel. It depends on Karan whether he will shelve the project or rope in a new director for it,\" added the source.Another source from the production house claimed that Tarun too wasn't too happy with KJo of late. \"While Dostana 2 was not going anywhere, Karan was busy promoting younger directors like Shakun Batra , Ayan Mukerji and Karan Malhotra. Tarun did not like it much as he had been waiting to make his next film for years,\" said the source.In spite of a successful debut with Dostana, Tarun had been waiting to make the sequel for over four years. Reportedly, the film had run into a bit of trouble due to creative differences between the Karan and Tarun.Incidentally, this is not the first time a director has parted ways with Dharma. Soham Shah, after making his debut flick Kaal with the production house, had moved on to better prospects. Despite repeated calls, both Karan and Tarun remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15242895", "title": "Chiranjeevi wears chief ministerial ambition on his sleeve", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chiranjeevi himself has not lost a single opportunity to pitch himself for the top position. Just days after the Congress was given a drubbing in the bypolls by the YSR Congress last month, the actor-turned-politician had told his followers outside his Jubilee Hills residence in Hyderabad that there was no hope for the Congress under the present leadership.\"We were trounced in the bypolls because there is no co-ordination among the state party leaders,\" Chiranjeevi said squarely blaming the chief minister and PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana for the party's poor show. He also assured his followers that he had left the decision of a bigger role for him in the state to Congress president Sonia Gandhi . Earlier, in June last year, Chiranjeevi had told a gathering that instead of becoming a CM in reel life, he wants to be a CM in real life.Sources close to Chiranjeevi claimed that the Rajya Sabha MP is acting on the assurance reportedly given to him by the party central leadership that a change in the state leadership would be considered after the completion of the presidential poll. \"At present, Chiranjeevi is the tallest leader in the state having the widest recognition among the people. Therefore, it is in the best interests of the Congress that they hand over the CM reins to him so that the party can re-build itself and be a force to reckon with in the 2014 elections,\" said sources close to the cinestar.However, the CM camp has reportedly taken Ramachandraiah's statement seriously. \"At a time when all party leaders should close their ranks behind Kiran Kumar, Chiranjeevi is challenging the CM through his aides. The matter will be taken to the Congress high command,\" said a CM aide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15246591", "title": "Check farmers\u2019 migration, or face action: Chief minister to officials", "text": "HUBLI: The government will focus on solving problems pertaining to fodder banks and drinking water in Koppal district, announced chief minister Jagadish Shettar after a review meeting here on Saturday.Speaking to reporters during his maiden visit to the district as chief minister, he said migration of farmers due to the prevailing drought conditions should be controlled. He warned the district administration of strict action if they failed to take steps to check migration.He also said action would be taken against factories that did not employ local people, according to Sarojini Mahishi's reports. He instructed officers to implement NREGA effectively and added that misappropriations in 2009-10 will be probed.The chief minister inaugurated various development projects worth Rs 54 crore. Before the review meeting on drought, Shettar visited Gavimath and performed puja. He, later, inspected drought-relief works in various villages.Industries minister Murugesh Nirani, MP Shivaramegowda, MLAs and government officers accompanied the chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15244005", "title": "It's official : Bangalore city is drought-hit", "text": "BANGALORE: Unheard of in recent times, the silicon valley of the country -- Bangalore city -- has been declared a droughthit region.The state government on Saturday officially declared four taluks of the city - Bangalore North, Bangalore South, Bangalore East and Anekal - drought-hit. Old hands in the revenue department, who have been dealing with drought related statistics for many years, said they have not come across Bangalore city being considered drought-affected in recent times. City has been considered drought-hit because of less humidity and rainfall recorded becoming 33% less than normal. \"We had to declare these regions as drought affected because of scarcity of rain,\" K Amarnarayana, secretary, revenue department ( natural disaster), told TOI.Asked what would be the challenges for the government when a city like Bangalore is declared drought-hit, Amarnarayana said they will have to look into drinking water needs in core areas. On the outskirts, it would be drinking water and providing fodder to cattle. \"There is a large population of cattle in the new areas of the city. Cattle feeds and other needs are to be addressed,\" he added.Asked how the government will tackle drinking water needs with Bangalore getting the drought tag, S Suresh Kumar, minister for Bangalore water supplies, said that his department has urged the water resource department to allocate certain levels of water from Kabini river. \"Water needs in Bangalore core area has been taken care of. The problem arises in new areas that have been added to city limits. The completion of Cauvery fourth stage will provide water to the new areas,\" he said.P Nagaraj, director of Karnataka Milk Federation, said the Bangalore Urban is facing scarcity of cattle feed. \"Bangalore Urban region alone requires 7,000 metric tonnes (MT) of feed for cattle a month, but we are not even getting 3,000 MT,\" he said. Demand for cattle feeds in the state is 55,000 MT a month, however, KMF is supplying only 32,000 MT. Farmers have to wait for two months to get feed, Nagaraj added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15244669", "title": "Forum slams courier firm for non-delivery", "text": "LUCKNOW: The district consumer disputes redressal forum has ordered a courier company to compensate a customer for not delivering his parcel within three days as promised by it.The complainant, on April 5, 2007, had booked a courier with the company. The company had charged Rs 47 for the courier and told him the courier will be delivered in three days. But, when even after ten days the courier was not delivered, the customer contacted an officer in the company's franchise at Kanpur Road and also filed a written complaint on April 18, but nothing happened.The complainant said he had couriered some medicines to a relative. Since the courier wasn't delivered on time, the health condition of his relative deteriorated. The complainant then lodged a complaint with the area manager of the company in Lucknow on May 5, 2007. But, even that didn't help.On May 14, 2007, the complainant was issued a delivery run sheet wherein it was shown that the parcel was received on April 9, 2008, but it wasn't clear who had received it. The complainant sought compensation from the courier company on the ground that non-delivery of courier not only led to his mental harassment but also affected his relative's health.The courier company, on the other hand, claimed the parcel was delivered on April 7, 2007, i.e, third day after it was booked for delivery. The company also said the complainant had been informed about the delivery of the courier. The company denied there were medicines in the courier. Besides, the company said the complainant hadn't told them what was kept inside the courier.The forum observed that the delivery run sheet, submitted by the company to prove that the delivery was made on time, was forged and manipulated. The forum said it was clear on the basis of the evidence produced by the complainant that the parcel was not delivered and this amounted to deficiency in service. The forum ordered the company to compensate the complainant for deficiency in service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15242144", "title": "Graft protest reaches PM\u2019s door", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than 100 Team Anna supporters, including eight women, protested outside Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's official residence, 7 Race Course Road, around 6pm on Saturday. The protesters managed to dodge the VVIP-level security, flung coins and coal pieces at the house, and wrote \"chor\" (thief) and \"Manmohan chor hai\" at the entrance gate and the driveway of the house.Police were left red faced as the protesters threw coins at the residence saying they wanted to \"bribe the government\" to set up a special investigation team (SIT) to probe corruption charges against 15 ministers. The also threw coal pieces as a symbol of the coal mines scam. Some protesters even threw bangles and tore up posters of Congress leaders.Holding placards and banners against the government and the PM as they shouted slogans, some of them lay down in the middle of the road and blocked traffic for several minutes before police dragged them into waiting vehicles.The protesters were later detained and brought to Tughlaq Road and a few other police stations. No one was reported injured in the incident. Kumar Vishwas, a Team Anna member, told TOI: \"The message they wanted to convey was that the people are not as rich as the MNCs, but they are willing to give whatever money they have for the constitution of an SIT to investigate charges against ministers.\"India Against Corruption (IAC), which has organized the Jantar Mantar protest, shrugged off responsibility for the protest, claiming it was an independent and spontaneous protest. \"This event was not organized by IAC,\" said a press statement released late Saturday evening.While no case had been registered till late on Saturday, senior police officials said they were still considering whether to register a case, and under what sections. However, the detained protesters remained upbeat inside Tughlaq Road police station, with some of them saying such protests would become a regular occurrence if the government did not act against corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15254200", "title": "Krishna Vamsi's Birthday celebrations", "text": "Director Krishna Vamsi celebrated his birthday with the cast and crew of his upcoming production. The lip-smacking vanilla cake and delicious lunch spread were a hit with guests. However, his wife Ramya Krishna was no where to be seen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15253829", "title": "Nani-Amala Paul movie is Janda Pai Kapiraju", "text": "Hero Nani's new movie under the direction of Samudrakani is titled \"Janda Pai Kapiraju\". The actor, who is currently working under creative director Krishna Vamsi's untitled film, has recently okayed another drama Janda Pai Kapiraju. The film has Amala Paul playing Nani's love interest.The film will be a bilingual as Jayam Ravi will be essaying the lead role in Tamil. The super success of his last film Eega has catapulted Nani into a star and his forthcoming venture \"Eto Vellipoyinde Manasu', co-starring Samantha, is a bilingual too.Samudrakhani, who earlier directed Shambho Shiva Shambo and Sangharshana, is once again gearing to score success at the box office. The film is produced by K S Srinivas under Vaasan Visuals Ventures. G V Prakash is scoring the music. The regular shooting of this film will start in August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15253053", "title": "Chidambaram to visit Assam tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: Home minister P Chidambaram will visit violence-hit areas of Assam for two days beginning on Monday and review the security situation and relief and rehabilitation measures.Chidambaram, who has been monitoring the Assam situation ever since clashes between Bodos and immigrant minorities broke out, will hold meetings with top civil and police officials and take stock of the law and order situation in four violence-hit districts - Kokrajhar, Chirang, Dhubri and Bongaigaon.The home minister is expected to visit a few relief camps and review the relief and rehabilitation steps taken for those who lost their kin and suffered losses during the violence which so far claimed more than 50 lives.Chidambaram is likely to hold separate meetings with Governor J B Patnaik, chief minister Tarun Gogoi and his council of ministers.Prime Minister Manomohan Singh had visited Kokrajhar on Saturday where he announced a Rs 300 crore package for the affected people.The home ministry has so far made available 11,600 paramilitary personnel for the state to bring back normalcy in the riot-affected areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15245439", "title": "Cusat forms sub-committee to study BTech fee hike issue", "text": "KOCHI: Cochin University of Science and Technology (Cusat) authorities will hold talks with engineering students to tide over fresh trouble in the varsity due to hike in fee for BTech courses.Sources said that the Cusat syndicate met here on Saturday and decided to form a sub-committee comprising of Cusat registrar and conveners of the syndicate standing committee to study the fee hike issue.\"Discussion will be held with the students of engineering colleges and principals on the fee hike and then a decision will be taken by the sub-committee. The syndicate has authorized the vice-chancellor to make changes in fee structure as suggested by the sub-committee,\" said sources.In its annual budget for 2012-13, Cusat had proposed a hike in fee for all the courses offered by the varsity. It was recommended that the fee for BTech courses be aligned with the fee structure approved by the state government for self-financing courses.Also to tide over the financial crisis, the syndicate has decided to increase the hostel and guest house fees, as well as the rent charged from faculty residing in the university campus.The syndicate has further granted permission to start a regional centre at Alappuzha and in the first phase, the centre will run LLB evening classes.It was also decided to continue with common admission test for admissions to professional courses, except MBA, for one more year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15245957", "title": "Not a single road mentions speed limit", "text": "LUDHIANA: Reckless driving and speeding vehicles have already claimed 71 lives in the first six months of this year. Despite such a high number, neither has the municipal corporation notified speed limits for roads nor has the police installed speed radars to check violations.\"We have three speed radars but none of them are in working condition. That's a huge reason why only a limited number of challans are issued for overspeeding,\" said inspector Beant Juneja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15244983", "title": "Keri gram sabha today", "text": "MAPUSA: The gram sabha of the Keri village panchayat will be held on Sunday. Sarpanch Francis Fernandes said that various development works to be carried out in the village will be discussed at the meeting.The village is facing a problem of beach erosion and illegal sand extraction. In Marna-Siolim panchayat, villagers are ready to cross panchayat members on the illegal construction coming up in the village. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15244667", "title": "Will government honour Sushanta Ghosh in platinum celebrations?", "text": "KOLKATA: Can the Mamata Banerjee government cross the political divide and honour CPM MLA Sushanta Ghosh, against whom they'd launched a vitriolic attack? Ghosh has spent nearly four months of the 14-month Trinamool Congress regime, in custody after being indicted by CID in a 2001 murder-abduction case of seven Trinamool Congress workers in Garbeta, a constituency he represents. The question arose, for Ghosh, along with 14 others, are among the few in Bengal who've been an MLA for over 25 years. The state assembly plans to honour these 15 MLAs in its two-day platinum jubilee celebrations tentatively scheduled for August 13 and 14.When the assembly celebration committee drew up the list last Tuesday, it isn't without reason that many among the Left MLAs, including assembly opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra, Abdul Rezzak Mollah, Ghosh, Prabodh Chandra Sinha, Upen Kisku and Subhas Naskar figured on it. Only very few in Trinamool including panchayat and rural development minister Subrata Mukherjee, mass education extension and library services minister Abdul Karim Chowdhury figure on it, since the party was formed in 1998. Veteran Congress legislators Gyan Singh Sohanpal and Abdul Gaffar Quazi round off the list. But it is only Ghosh who remains the center of the debate.Ghosh first stepped into the state assembly as an MLA in 1985. Midnapore was undivided then and Ghosh, barely 25 years and three months old, was Bengal's youngest MLA that year. Since then, he has won every election \u2014 from 1987 to 2011 \u2014 from Garbeta. His cryptic reply was, \"They were perhaps not aware of this when they made these criteria. I have nothing to say.\"Chief minister Mamata Banerjee is likely to be present atleast for a day in the two-day celebrations. Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar is also likely to attend the event. Former assembly Speaker Hasim Adbul Halim and former Lok Sabha Speaker Somnath Chatterjee, along with senior staff of the state secretariat, may also be honoured, according to the tentative schedule.Speaker Biman Banerjee on Saturday said, \"Nothing is finalised as of now. I will convey this when all the plans are ready. The Lok Sabha Speaker's schedule is also important for the Parliament is likely to be in session then. So I can't comment on the specifics now.\"The state assembly plans to honour leaders, who have been MLAs for over 25 years, in its platinum jubilee celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15245507", "title": "Concerned MP government looks to strike a balance", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh government is examining the Supreme Court order, banning tourism in the core areas of tiger reserves, and the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) guidelines in order to find a way-out to maintain a balance between safeguarding wildlife and income-generating tourism activities.\"We are examining the Apex court order banning tourism in the core areas of six tiger reserves in the state. We have to file a reply in the court\", principal chief conservator forests (PCCF-Wildlife) P K Shukla told TOI.The state, with the largest forest cover in the country at 77,700 sq kms, is apparently worried over the impact of the court order on wildlife tourism as entry into six tiger reserves alone fetches the state a sum Rs 15 crore every year. Tourism activities in state's six reserves were mainly restricted to the core areas. The ban on tiger tourism in the core areas would also adversely affect indirect employment to the local population, official sources said.CBI probe lingering: Meanwhile, death of yet another tiger in the Panna Tiger Reserve (PTR) has renewed the demand for a probe by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) into the circumstances that led to the wipe out of tiger population in the reserve in 2008. Subsequently, tigers were trans-located into PTR under a programme to revive tiger population in Panna.According to NGO Prayatna-an environmental action group which moved the Supreme Court seeking a ban on tourism in the core areas of tiger reserves-the NTCA had advised the state government in September 2009 to initiate a CBI inquiry after its special investigation team found that poaching was responsible for disappearance of tigers in Panna. Earlier in 2007 also, NTCA had proposed a CBI probe to find out the reason of tigers vanishing from the reserve but no action was taken.The state government, on the other hand, set up another committee in 2009 to probe disappearance of tigers from Panna which submitted its report in 2010. The committee has also found that poaching was the major reason for disappearance of tigers and recommended several action-including declaring a buffer zone in Panna-but the state government did not take its recommendations into consideration, tiger conservation activist Ajay Dubey said.He claimed that forest minister Sartaj Singh had announced on March three 2010 that a probe would be handed over to the CBI but allegedly the bureaucrats, including a former chief secretary and a former wildlife warden, scuttled the move. he forest department delayed providing information on one pretext or the other.Claiming that an international poaching network is active in Madhya Pradesh, Dubey said the state government was trying to avoid a CBI probe due to reasons best known to it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15245428", "title": "Rain run on for third day", "text": "BHOPAL: The rain god is smiling over the state capital. Rains accompanied by a few spell of thundershowers made the weekend pleasant. Similar weather conditions would prevail in next 48 hours also, officials of the Meteorological department, Bhopal circle, said.Bhopal recorded 25 mm of rainfall till evening.The officials of the Meteorological department, Bhopal circle said the two systems active over the state will have an impact for at least two more days. Some of the places may even receive incessant rains.Khandwa recorded a total of 170 mm rains till Saturday morning while Hoshangabad received 160 mm of rains, Guna 90 mm, Betul 70 mm, Khurai and Ujjain 60 mm each, Raisen 50 mm and Seoni and Tikamgarh recorded 40 mm of rainfall.Similarly, Indore recorded 90 mm of rainfall till Saturday evening. Continuous showers also led to getting down the temperatures over the state.The maximum and minimum temperature in four main cities of Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 33.5 and 22.2 degrees C.Bhopal recorded a maximum temperature of 26.3 (-3) degrees and 23.2 (00) degrees C. The maximum temperature in Indore was 22.6 (-6) degrees and minimum at 22.0 (00) degrees.Gwalior recorded a maximum temperature of 33.5 (+1) degrees and minimum there remained at 27.6 (+2) degrees. The maximum and minimum temperature in Jabalpur was recorded at 28.2 (-1) and 23.0 (-1) degree C respectively.There is a possibility of rain and thundershowers in many places of the state, including Bhopal on Sunday. A few places may receive heavy rainfall, according to the Met department officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15245571", "title": "Imphal newspaper hawkers accuse commandos of robbery", "text": "IMPHAL: Newspaper distributers in the state are furopus over the incident in which one of their colleagues was robbed and assaulted by miscreants suspected be police commandos in Imphal. The All Manipur Newspaper Sellers and Distributors' Association (AMNSDA) has threatened to launch an agitation if the government fails to arrest and take action against the culprits by Monday.A senior police officer said through the victim did not lodge a formal complaint on the matter, investigation is on to ascertain the veracity of the incident. \"Since the case involves robbery and assault, we have launched a probe into it. As of Saturday afternoon, the victim has not lodged a formal complaint,\" he said.The victim, hawker Ningthoujam Bira (34), was returning to his rented home at Keishamthong on his scooter on Thursday night when the assailants, who came in a jeep and a car, stopped him at Kyamgei area in Imphal West. They frisked him, took away his mobile phone and Rs 17,000 in cash and accused him of being a rebel. They also beat him up.Bira denied the charge and showed them his identity card issued by AMNSDA, but the assailants, who were armed. He was then blindfolded and taken to various places before being abandoned at Lilong Arapti area near Imphal early on Friday. His scooter and identity card were also stolen. Bira, who sustained injuries on his left eye, was rushed taken to the Imphal-based Regional Institute of Medical Sciences (Rims).The AMNSDA, while strongly suspecting police commandos of being behind the incident, said that the incident has again triggered a sense of mistrust against the police. In a statement, the association demanded the chief minister and home minister to find out the miscreants by quizzing the cops on duty at the area on the specific period and book them accordingly by July 30, failing which and intense stir would be launched the next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15254702", "title": "MCCIA seminar on 'Advancement in Arc Welding, Equipments and Robotics'", "text": "PUNE: The Mahratta Chamber of Commerce, Industries and Agriculture (MCCIA) will organise a seminar on \"\"Advancement in Arc Welding, Equipments and Robotics\"\" between 10 am to 5 pm at Navalmal Firodia Centre for Excellence, MCCIA, J 462, MIDC Bhosari on August 3. This course will help supervisors, engineers, and diploma holders to know more about the arc welding and robotics technology.In the fast changing world of technology, the use of welding is extensive. Welding is one of the important and skilled jobs in most of the industries like engineering, automobile, aircrafts, ships, electronic equipment, machinery, among others, and they depend upon welding for their economical construction. The methodology used in the seminar will be lecture presentation through interactive discussion,'' said a spokesperson from MCCIA.The addition of sensors to robotic equipment will enable the automation technology to operate with remarkably human-like capabilities. In welding applications, recent and ongoing advances in sensor technology are enabling previously prohibited joint tolerances and configurations to be effectively produced with acceptable quality and weld integrity. Moreover, the technology has become performance and cost competitive for general industrial organisations, not just for the large dollar automotive and tier-one manufacturers,'' says MCCIA.The course will comprise introduction to welding equipment, welding processes and various applications, certifications of welding, welding testing and inspection, basic robot history and purpose, robot applications - car components, motorcycle components, followed by question and answer session. The workshop will be conducted by seniors from welding industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15246350", "title": "Lightning claims 2 minors in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Two girl students of Bishnugarh village were killed and another injured when they were struck by lightning on Saturday. The victims identified have been as Sulekha Kumari (12) and Kajal Kumari (8).The victims, who were from Nowadih village of Barai panchayst under the Bishnugarh police station, were returning home for lunch when they were struck by lightning. The girls had taken shelter under a mahua tree due to heavy rain when the tragedy occurred.Hospital authorities said the girls were sisters. Another girl, Sanjari Kumari, who received severe injuries has been admitted to the Hazaribag Sadar hospital, sources said.Six hurt in accident: In another incident, six persons were injured when a Biharsharif-Jamshedpur bus in which they were travelling collided head on with a truck coming from the opposite direction on Saturday. The accident occurred under the Charhi police station of the district. The injured have been admitted in Hazaribag Sadar hospital.A police team from Charhi rushed to the spot and brought the injured to the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15245917", "title": "Two brothers arrested for ransacking photo studio", "text": "PUNE: The Cantonment police on Friday evening arrested two brothers for ransacking a photo studio at New Modikhana in Pune Cantonment.The brothers, Nasir Khan (42) and Mohsin Khan (23), are residents of Bhavani Peth.Sub inspector Balwant Gavit on Saturday said, on June 23, Nasir took his daughter Arzoo, a standard VI student, to the Sony photo studio to get her photograph clicked. Later, on finding that the photograph did not turn out well, Nasir and his three brothers picked up a fight with the studio owner Hassan Shaikh around 10.15am on Friday.The Khan brothers abused Shaikh and damaged his camera. They assaulted him on his head and hands with a sickle and wooden stick, ransacked his studio and decamped with Rs 28,000, Gavit said.Shaikh registered a robbery complaint against the four.A magisterial court on Saturday sent the two to police custody till Monday. Police are on the lookout for the other two brothers Naeem and Nazim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15243870", "title": "Nagpur University forms panel to probe 'mass cheating' charges", "text": "NAGPUR: Two days after TOI exposed how Nagpur University was rocked with serious allegations of \"mass cheating\" being done by engineering colleges, vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal constituted a panel to probe the allegations. Engineering dean Ravindra Kshirsagar will head the committee while senior academician Eknath Kathale and head of business management department Vinayak Deshpande will be other members. \"Taking cognisance of TOI report and to probe authenticity of allegations, the VC has constituted a panel. They were asked to submit the report in a week. Only after their report, any action on the colleges could be contemplated,\" controller of examination (CoE) Siddarth Kane told TOI.He added that if allegations in media were found to be true, then the panel will be told to suggest future course of action, including strict action on colleges. The CoE however stated that even NU was contemplating the move to change exam centres of all colleges irrespective of faculties to prevent colleges from doing any such malpractice.Surprisingly, Kshirsagar has not been conveyed about the panel. He feigned ignorance over the development. \"I only got hint from my colleagues, but NU officials have not conveyed me anything in this regard. If it is true, we will conduct a through inquiry in most transparent manner,\" he assured.The revelations of mass cheating have brought another disgrace for the lethargic NU administration which miserably failed to control it so far, and only started acting on it after getting complaints. It was learnt that NU had issued notices to many colleges in this regard only after media reports, asking for explanation from them.Citing sources, TOI had reported that many new colleges had adopted these unethical practices in a desperate bid to boost their results and attract students. They blamed the NU administration of offering students of these colleges same exam centres which give enough chances to the management and lecturers to help them clear tough engineering exams. This included dictating and writing answers on the blackboards during exams. NU had received many complaints in this regard, but administration failed to act on it.Though Kane had vehemently denied all allegations, former engineering dean and management council member Dinesh Agrawal endorsed them stating that first year results of many new colleges jumped unexpectedly high, which raised doubts. He attributed practice of offering students their own colleges as exam centres for such malpractices while stressing on the need to change them.Kane clarified that for engineering drawing paper, big tables were required and those were available only in engineering colleges and hence students were allotted exam centres there only.Agrawal however, he further explained that the meritorious students prefer old colleges due to good faculty and infrastructure while new ones hardly have either of them and all this raised enough doubts on performance of these colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15246298", "title": "Print ration cards within a month, govt tells bidders", "text": "RANCHI: Remember the mad rush for ration cards in March-April last year when the government set a deadline of less than a month to complete the formalities to apply for new ration card? The last date was, however, extended by around a fortnight till April 30, 2011 because of immense public pressure. But 15 months since then, nobody in the state knows what happened to the cards.The food and civil supplies department has now woken up from the year-long slumber to issue notice inviting tender from competent printers. The tender notice published by the government wants successful bidder to complete printing and distribution of cards in all 24 districts of the state within one month of the date of allotment of the work order.Tender document which is available on the government website Jharkhand.gov.in invites applications from eligible printers having adequate experience in data processing and printing of voluminous documents in the past. While the tender is meant for inviting printers to carry out printing job, one of its prerequisites says that the applicant should be able to print and ensure that the cards are distributed within one month of the work order.This condition is causing troubles to the printers in the wake of the fact that they are not ready to take accountability for delay on part of the distributors. A printer, based in Ranchi, said the government had clarified that in case of delay in distribution of cards beyond one month, the department would deduct 10% of the net payable amount. \"Our role is limited to printing the cards and handing them over to the department for distribution and in case the delay is there on part of the distributing agency, why should the printer be subjected to penalty,\" he said.While the applicants have been asked to furnish technical and financial details in two envelopes along with demand draft of Rs10 lakh, successful bidders have also been directed to deposit 5% amount of the amount that they have claimed in the bid. The applicants must have annual turn over of Rs 5 crore for the past two consecutive years besides documents to prove work experience.The ration card is to be made in form of a book of the size 12.5cm X 9cm containing 12 pages. The cover page should be of 160 GSM thickness on which details of family, photograph and an exclusive bar code will be printed. The remaining eight pages made of 80 GSM thick paper will have details of page number, monthly allotment of foodgrain and other stuffs available on subsidy from the PDS shops. Proforma for the print is to be provided by deputy commissioners of respective districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15245378", "title": "'Petro price hike unwarranted'", "text": "PATNA: Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi on Saturday said the state government would write letters to both the oil companies and Union petroleum ministry to find out the reason behind the hike in prices of petroleum products on July 25 even as the state government in the past seven years had lowered the taxes levied on petrol, diesel, kerosene oil and LPG.Modi said a high-level meeting was convened in this regard on Friday which was chaired by chief minister Nitish Kumar . State commercial taxes department officials said at the meeting that they had approached the local officers of different oil companies seeking to know the reasons for raising the prices of diesel by Rs 1.70, of petrol by Rs 1.07, kerosene oil by 79 paise and LPG by Rs 9.50; however, the oil companies' officials had failed to give any satisfactory reply.The officials of commercial taxes department said that raising prices of petroleum products in the state by different oil companies on the basis of state-specific costs and irrecoverable taxes could not be justified. Oil companies' officials are also not able to specify the actual contribution of state taxes and operating and freight costs in the newly-effected price rise, Modi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15253490", "title": "Aztec invasion!", "text": "Fashion has dropped back a few centuries for the Aztec trend. The ancient Native American tribe may have had a particular fondness for ritual human sacrifice, yet those Aztecs could still concoct some wonderful patterns, which the world can't stop going gaga over. Kasmin Fernandes explores how Aztec prints are inspiring modern fashion. Cocktail is the quintessential contemporary Bollywood film \u2014 regressive story notwithstanding \u2014 featuring hummable radio-friendly tracks, multiple foreign locations, and two gorgeous women in designer wear to die for. In fact, fashion is the third character of the film. Take, for instance, the sexy Veronica ( Deepika Padukone ). She has a natural flair for fashion. She dresses according to her mood and, as the film's stylist Anaita Shroff Adajania has remarked, \"seamlessly mixes her Chanel , Dior and Tods with high street brands like Top Shop, Zara and Diesel and insider labels like Mawi, Anya Hindmarche and All Saints.\" You can see she doesn't follow trends blindly by the way she stacks a luxurious cuff over silver jewellery and strings. Then, there is the conservative, middle-class Meera ( Diana Penty ) who \"layers shirts, thin cardigans, vests, wide-legged jeans with narrow belts and flat sandals\". Everything she wears is easy and fuss-free. Although they are friends , Veronica and Meera have personalities and a style sense that are poles apart. You can even see it in the striking film poster that caught our attention, because it debuts a current fashion phenomenon \u2014 Aztec prints. So versatile is this family of prints that Veronica and Meera both rock two different versions (one on a mini skirt and the other on a playsuit) that, interestingly, suit their individual characters. King of tribal prints \"The beauty of Aztec prints is that they are adaptable and flexible. They come in gorgeous shades that appeal to the Indian sensibility and recent western fascination with colours that pop,\" says accessory designer Malini Agarwalla from accessory label Malaga. She used embroidery inspired by this print, and other tribal prints, on handbags and shoes for her latest collection called Kwazulu. The colours and textures used in the embroideries epitomise the vibrancy of the tropics. Ancient Aztec clothing was worn by the tribes that made up the Aztec empire in central Mexico. Its prints are all about strong shapes, fabrics filled with triangles and circles, black outlines and lots of strong colours. It made its debut on the modern runway in 2009 at the Matthew Williamson spring/summer show. And unless you've been living under a rock this year, you've probably noticed that among the tribal prints that have invaded the runway, the Aztec print family is the king. Accessories and sweaters, dresses and tights, there is nothing that you can't find in these prints. From Versace to Carven , runway to high street, everyone loves to incorporate a bit of Aztec in their own special way. For his graffiti-inspired fall 2012 showing at Paris Fashion Week in March, Indian creative genius Manish Arora introduced a bright print that felt Aztec-with-a-twist \u2014 it had blurred edges, as if made with spray paint. Is it for me? While American and British celebrities like socialite Kim Kardashian , singer Rihanna , actresses Keira Knightley and Nicole Kidman , and supermodel Kate Moss are sporting the trend everywhere, from the red carpet to the local grocer's. Indian style icons like Kareena Kapoor and Bipasha Basu are catching up. If you aren't sure how to incorporate it into your wardrobe, think classic. Balance Aztec prints with simple silhouettes and clean lines. Opt for classic shapes and styles like shifts or mini dresses, totes and flats. You can also pair the vivid prints with neutrals like black and white. Aztec prints look brilliant with faux fur, leather and suede, which give body and balance to this heavy print. The print itself is catchy enough, so keep the accessories muted and to the minimal to avoid looking tacky. Micro trend in menswear Be it a printed rucksack, T-shirt or even a pair of socks, there are many ways for men to explore this trend. If the bold print isn't your thing, then there are plenty of items that incorporate one colour with different shades to show the detail. Invest in a subtle T-shirt where the print is just on the pocket. There are even more subtle ways to wear this trend. Spotted in the latest menswear lines this year were rolled up jeans. Designers have used this detail to add a splash of colour to men's clothing by printing an Aztec pattern onto the roll-ups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15243567", "title": "'Amazing how mother-son duo didn't fall sick despite living amid garbage'", "text": "GURGAON: Neighbours of the mentally challenged mother-son duo in IFFCO Colony complain that it has been a living hell for them for the past 10 years. When TOI visited the house on Saturday, there was an unbearable stench and filth still lying around even though 10 trolleys of garbage including three dead dogs were taken away on Friday by the MCG.The civic authorities though say that there is nothing more they can do. \"We have offered to clean up the whole house and even get it painted. But we cannot forcefully take the mother and son out of their house. Had it been a case of starvation we could have forcefully got them admitted in the hospital. But they look healthy. It is surprising to know they have not fallen sick despite living in such unhygienic conditions. Probably they have become immune to diseases,\" said a senior MCG official.On Saturday there were still five dogs locked up inside this house. The neighbours fear that an epidemic would break out in the neighbourhood because of the filth in the house and say they don't get any visitors or tenants because of the horrible surroundings.The authorities have expressed their helplessness and say they cannot forcefully take the mother and son for treatment.V K Bali, an immediate neighbour, spoke of the futility of his initiative. \"On several occasions I had tons of garbage removed from that house at my expense but the family didn't take the cue. It has become dangerous to live here anymore. It is a great mental torture and we have been living in fear. The stink is unbearable.\"Bali gave a specific instance of the way such garbage causes serious problems. \"My granddaughter once got dengue because of the mosquitoes breeding in that house and had to be hospitalized. They are both mentally challenged and need urgent medical help. These miserable circumstances have been prevailing since 2008 and despite our lodging an FIR against them and repeated complaints to the civic agencies, they have not been able to do much. Save us or we perish,\" said 68-year-old Bali, technical director (retired), IFFCO.\"Their second son, who is a doctor in the US, last came over three years ago and used to sleep in the driveway because the entire house was full of refuse. On Friday we were able to clean only the backyard, roof and driveway. We had to break open the makeshift room on the terrace and found three dead dogs there,\" he said.Explaining the acute inconvenience of the neighbours, Bali said, \"Nobody has even dared to go inside the house till now. It is full of stench and nobody knows what lies inside. Their father passed away around five years ago. We have tried to rescue the dogs at times but the son used to say they were his children. They are all street dogs that have been locked up,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15250434", "title": "Hepatitis B can be prevented", "text": "MUMBAI: The theme of this year's World Hepatitis Day on July 28 was 'It's closer than you think.' With about one million people worldwide dying due to hepatitis - and millions suffering immediate sickness or developing chronic illness - the theme reflects the lurking dangers of the disease.According to the WHO , worldwide around two billion people are infected with the Hepatitis B virus and 6,00,000 die each year due to its consequences. In India, approximately 80 million people harbour the hepatitis B virus, which results in around 2,40,000 deaths annually due to complications from the disease.Among the deadliest variants of hepatitis, which includes A, B, C, D and E types, given its propensity for periodic outbreaks in India, hepatitis B poses the greatest danger. Essentially an inflammation of the liver, hepatitis is usually caused by a viral infection. hepatitis B leads to a large number of deaths due to liver cirrhosis and liver cancer. Yet, many of the fatalities caused by hepatitis B need not occur if every child is given three doses of vaccines.A person initially infected with hepatitis B is said to have an 'acute' infection. The immune mechanism of most patients successfully eliminates the virus, curing them of hepatitis. An acute attack is usually brief but can be transmitted to other people during the period that the virus resides in the patient's body. Such people may exhibit no symptoms, or may only display some symptoms, such as jaundice (yellowish skin and eyes), dark yellowish urine, nausea, vomiting, stomach pain and extreme fatigue.Some patients are, however, unable to get rid of the virus, which causes 'chronic' infection that gradually damages the liver over the years and generally lasts life-long. People with chronic HEP B could stay symptom-free for years or decades. Only when serious liver damage occurs will there be signs of severe disease, such as cirrhosis or liver failure. By this time, though, it may be too late to manage the disease successfully.A blood-borne disease, HEP B is hundred times more infectious than HIV, mainly transmitted by exposure to an infected individual's blood, semen, saliva , vaginal discharge or breast milk. Besides these, unsafe injection practices pose the greatest threat in India, particularly from reuse of infected needles. According to WHO statistics, around 12 to 16 billion injections are administered each year globally. In developing nations, including India, almost 50% of such injections may be unsafe because of improper sterilization, repeat usage of single-use needles and syringes, inappropriate administration techniques and hazardous means of disposal. Such risky practices expose patients, physicians and the public to the dangers of contracting the deadly Hepatitis virus. It is important to note that HEP B is not transmitted via food, water or casual contact such as touching or hugging.HEP B is also spread by infected mothers to their babies during birth. Such transmissions to newborns can be prevalent in areas where HEP B rates are high. Almost all infected infants may develop chronic HEP B. The disease can also be transmitted via blood transfusions.Dr Samir Shah, liver specialist, Jaslok and Breach Candy Hospitals, said, \"The Government of India has made Hepatitis B Vaccine available now for all babies in Universal Vaccination Programme across the country. We should make the Hepatitis B vaccination story a success in the same lines as the pulse polio program and make the next generation Hepatitis B free\".Other precautions to prevent the spread of HEP B from infected individuals include:Covering all cuts.Not sharing razors, toothbrushes, earrings, etc.Always using condoms during sexVaccinating babies born to infected women in the delivery room or within 12 hours of birth.Having all family members tested for HEP B and administered the HEP B vaccine, which ensures protection for life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15252808", "title": "Rana in Ajith's film?", "text": "The untitled film directed by Vishnuvardhan, which has Ajith in the lead, has been in the news for its big cast. The film, which is being eagerly awaited by fans, is now said to have yet another addition to the list of big names.Young Tollywood actor Rana Daggubati, who has acted in Hindi and Telugu films, is now said to be doing a cameo, which will require him to shoot for three to four days. The first schedule of this film has just been completed, with the makers shooting in Mumbai, Bangalore and Chennai.The cast of this multi-starrer includes Nayanthara, Arya, Taapsee, Suman Ranganathan , Kishore and Mahesh Manjhrekar along with Ajith. With Rana's inclusion in the film, it makes it one of the biggest multi-starrers that Kollywood has made in recent times.While initial rumours suggested how this film could be the remake of the Hindi film Race , the latest buzz is that Ajith is playing the role of a computer Hacker in the film. With Ajith and Vishnuvardhan teaming up after their much successful Billa , the expectations from the film are enormous. It is now left to see if the pre-release hype of the star cast is worth it all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15245404", "title": "Anti-TB scheme execution reviewed", "text": "PATNA: A team of Union health ministry, which also had representatives of the World Health Organization (WHO), just concluded a visit of the state to take stock of the treatment being provided to tuberculosis (TB) patients. The team also visited the State Tuberculosis Demonstration and Training Centre, the state's lone centre carrying out pre-treatment evaluation for TB patients.Ironically, this 30-bed centre lacks an intensive care unit (ICU). Again, it faces shortage of Grade A staff, including nurses. As a result, patients admitted at the centre usually remain unattended during night hours. Moreover, the samples collected here for culture sensitivity test are being sent to Ranchi in Jharkhand , as a result of which it takes about two months to get their reports, delaying prompt and precise treatment, a must for serious TB patients.Director of the Centre, A N Jha told TOI, \"We have to send the samples to Ranchi as Rajendra Memorial Research Institute of Medical Sciences (RMRI), Patna, has not been recognized yet to provide such reports. However, recently a directive has been issued at the district level to send samples both to Ranchi and RMRI, Patna, as the latter possesses facility for doing culture sensitivity reports,\" and added soon the TB centre will have its own laboratory for the purpose.Jha said the team had come to review Revised National Tuberculosis Control Programme (RNTCP), for which two separate teams had gone to West Champaran and Kishanganj districts to take stock of the treatment being provided to TB patients there. The team inspected the Directly Observed Treatment Short Course (DOTS) provider to find out whether they are effective and accessible to patients or not, he added.The team also met principal secretary, health, Vyasji, in this connection and apprised him of its findings. However, when contacted, he declined to disclose the details of the meeting.The state had recorded 76,404 confirmed TB cases in 2011. However, the mortality rate was only 2.8%. The situation gets more compounded as although over 1.50 lakh new cases of TB are added every year in the state, only half of them reach hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15243836", "title": "4 city engineering colleges stripped off Application Receipt Centres status", "text": "NAGPUR: The Directorate of Technical Education (DTE), Mumbai, has cancelled the status of four well-known engineering colleges under Nagpur University as Application Receipt Centres (ARCs) following irregularities in collection of documents. The colleges are - Nuva College of Engineering, Anjuman College of Engineering, Radhikatai Pandav College of Engineering and Tulsiram Gaikwad Patil College of Engineering. The development has come as a shot in the arm for Nagpur police who recently unearthed the fake marksheet and document scam.\"The ARCs of these colleges were cancelled after discrepancies were found at their centres,\" director technical education Subhash Mahajan told TOI from Mumbai.\"The police are investigating the case and it would be unfair on our part to take immediate action. If the police reports nail their role in the scam stringent action would be taken against these colleges,\" he said.Joint director of technical education in Nagpur Gulabrao Thakre also confirmed cancellation of ARCs allotted to these four colleges after an inspection by their teams found large-scale irregularities in collection of documents. He, however, declined to comment further as the case was being investigated.Even the representatives of these four colleges couldn't be contacted for their comments.DTE sources added that after the scam came to fore, it deputed 19 teams to conduct an investigation at over 20 ARCs. Later, notices were issued to 10 of them. Though procedural lacunae were found at all ARCs, discrepancies were found in marksheets, transfer, character, migrant, caste validity and leaving certificates submitted by these 10 colleges.The bogus marksheet scam was found to be part of an inter-state racket run by Gokulpeth-based RS Academy through mastermind Rohan Kumar Singh who allegedly prepared fake admission and registration cards, marksheets, school leaving certificates and other documents on the basis of which students were admitted to a number of private engineering and medical colleges in streams like BTech, MTech, MBBS, BPharm, MPharm, BBA, MBA and MCA.The fake documents were prepared under the names of Goa-based Xavier's International University and Mumbai-based Xavier's Senior Secondary School and students were charged Rs 2 lakh and above for securing seats in renowned colleges.Thousands of students are believed to have taken admissions based on these fake documents to various colleges. About 10 of them, including some minors, were later arrested by the police.The network of the racketeers was spread in Karnataka, Odisha, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, West Bengal, Gujarat and Delhi. The accused had offices in Pune, Kanpur, Ranchi, Rourkela, Durg and Ahmadabad.The scam has raised serious questions about the integrity of the procedure adopted by DTE for engineering admissions. The academicians have called for penalizing errant colleges and even their disaffiliation for their complicity in the scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15247089", "title": "Medha Patkar slams corporate sector for 'land law dilution'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Centre is under tremendous pressure from the corporate sector to make the Land Acquisition Bill compatible to their interests social activist Medha Patkar said here on Saturday.Speaking at a state-level convention of National Alliance of People's Movement (NAPM), Patkar called upon everybody to keep a close watch on the proposed Land Acquisition bill which could be tabled in August.Patkar, who is the national convenor of NAPM, said, \"We need an act on land rights Act, not on land acquisition. People have become victims of forceful land acquisition. We should not allow forceful land acquisition anymore.\"Due to the sustained campaign of NAPM, the Standing Committee realized that the government should not acquire land for any project promoted by private or public-private-partnership. However, under corporate pressure the government's draft bill changed to allow land acquisition for such projects though with a rider that 80 per cent affected people have to agree, she said.Patkar described the latest ethnic violence in Assam as unfortunate and called up on people not to fight over caste, creed or community. Referring to the ongoing agitation of Anna Hazare in New Delhi, Patkar said she supported Jan Lok Pal but her fight is not just against corruption. It is against corruption, violence, exploitation, she said.Patkar also appealed to Maoists to shun violence and join democratic means of protest for their rights. \"We adopt non-violence as a principle, not as a strategy,\" she said. Western Odisha Krishak Sangathan convenor Lingaraj presided over the convention. Senior journalist Rabi Das, social activist Prafulla Samantara, among others, also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15243362", "title": "Builders violating corporation rules", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation's zonal offices and town planning department seem to have turned a blind eye to the brazen violation of corporation rules, as can be seen from the mushrooming of commercial establishments in residential areas. In fact, to evade action, these builders submit application for revision of building plans or change of users in the corporation and continue with their construction work without any fear of action against them.According to information from NMC's town planning department, as many as 443 builders have submitted revised plans seeking upgrade of residential areas as commercial complexes in the last three years.Confirming this, a senior official requesting anonymity told TOI that from April 1, 2009 to March 31, 2010, the department received 137 applications from builders seeking revision of their existing sanctioned plans. For year 2010-11, the number of applications was 166 and in 2011-12, the figure was 140.However, he clarified that as per rules the builder cannot continue construction work, until the authorities take a decision on the proposed revised plan. But what's been happening should be an eye-opener for the civic body.Recently, Dhantoli zone chairperson, Sumitra Jadhav, had exposed such violation by two construction companies. In Dhantoli zone, the owner of plot number 122 had obtained permission to construct a G+3 residential building but later on they allegedly changed its usage into commercial establishment. Besides this the plot owner had also brazenly violated the sanctioned plan and made additional construction on each floor and occupied the marginal space on the sides. \"Just to evade action, the plot owner had submitted application for revised plan,\" she pointed out.\"Initially the builders take permission to construct residential complexes but later on they change the purpose of usage,\" confirmed Dharampeth zone's assistant municipal commissioner, Mahesh Morone, while talking about the modus operandi used by the builders and developers. He also cited an example of a five-storey building in his zone against which action had been taken.\"Recently, we had demolished an illegally constructed portion of a five-storey building at Laxmi Bhavan square,\" he said. As per the sanctioned building plan of 1997, the five-storey building was supposed to be constructed only on a 500-sq-meter area. But the owner of the building completely utilized the area in violation of the plan leaving no marginal space for exigencies.\"It's not right to blame the building owners alone. NMC officials include stilt and cellar space in the floor space index such that built space gets further reduced. Such a situation force the builders to violate rules,\" alleged a builder. He clarified that as per NMC rules, the town planning department should take 15 days to sanction a plan. \"But they take months to clear a plan,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15247377", "title": "A big hand for translators", "text": "COIMBATORE: Amid a literary scene in which translators are seen to be second class writers, the effort by Disai Ettum to encourage them by giving out cash awards lends the tribe some much-needed prestige and recognition. This was the equivocal opinion given by writers and translators about the efforts of writer Kurinjivelan, the publisher of Disai Ettum.\"We give out 14 prizes every year. This number varies depending upon the categories. Twelve of the awards are for translators to and from Tamil and two are lifetime achievement awards. The awards for translators is a cash prize of Rs 10,000 and for lifetimes awardees it is 15,000,\" said Kurinjivelan.Asked about the purpose of such awards, he said it would encourage translators and give them recognition. The awards are sponsored by Nalli Kuppusami Chettiar. Some of the awardees this time are S Raman, K Malarvizhi and Karthik.Malarvizhi has translated 33 of Vairamuthu's poems in Kannada. A Kannada professor at President College in Haddal in Bangalore, she described her experience of translating Vairamuthu as fantastic. \"Even as a child, I was a fan of Vairamuthu's poems. There are 187 contemporary poems of which I chose 33 for translation into Kannada,\" she said. The Vairamuthu collection was published by Christ University Publication in Kannada. One thousand copies were printed and sales are currently on.Asked about the response for her work, she said it was quite tremendous. \"Even Disai Ettum gave me the awards. Lot of senior translators appreciated my work. The response has been overwhelming and positive. I would like to thanks Vairamuthu sir and 'Nalli' Kuppusami for the opportunity given,\" she said.S Raman translated 'Adu Jeevitham', a Malayalam novel, to Tamil. \"The story is set in a desert. While reading the novel, I felt like I was living in a desert camp. The book had won the Kerala Sahitya Akademi award and the translation drew good response and I felt justified when the award came my way,\" said Raman. The Malayalam original is written by a Gulf-based writer Benyamin. Raman works at a leading Malayalam newspaper as assistant editor.Kuppuswami, who sponsors the translation awards, said that Kurunjivelan was doing it in a small way at his hometown of Kurjipadi near Chidambaram when Kuppuswami called him and asked him to hold the function in Chennai. Kuppuswami volunteered to sponsor the awards and this is the genesis behind the awards. \"The awards are given with much credibility. None of the judges know each other. Awardees come to know about the award only after arriving at the function,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15247266", "title": "School vehicles inspected", "text": "MADURAI: Transport officials in Madurai have rolled up their sleeves and jumped into action, after the recent incident involving the fatal fall of a Chennai girl from a school bus. On Saturday, officials ordered all the school and college buses and vans to be brought to the Armed Reserve police grounds for inspection.\"There are about 1,000 school and college vehicles in Madurai. We inspected about 450 buses on Saturday and the remaining vehicles will be inspected on Monday and Tuesday,'' said K Natarajan, RTO - South, who supervised the inspection drive. RTOs N Ravichandran (south) and K Kalyankumar (central) regions of Madurai also inspected the buses, besides Madurai rural SP V Balakrishnan and education department officials.The inspection pertained to three categories, namely the physical condition of the vehicles, insurance, permit and tax particulars of the vehicles and the eligibility of the drivers. As part of the physical state of the vehicles, officials inspected the condition of seats, chasis, brakes and tyres. They then asked for the documents of vehicle permit, insurance, FC and scrutinised their validity. \"The Supreme Court order mandates that the driver should have a minimum of 10 years of experience. There should also be an attendant on each bus. We checked for the adherence to these orders,'' Natarajan said.\"The condition of most vehicles was satisfactory and we have not levied a fine on any vehicles. However, there were minor glitches found in about 10 vehicles. We instructed them to set them right and in a few hours they took the vehicles to repair workshops,'' Natarajan said. Buses that adhered to the norms were stuck with labels denoting the completion of the inspection.Officials also instructed drivers not to over speed or use cellphones while driving and warned them that their driving licences as well as the school's permit would be cancelled if violations were found. The bus owners were instructed to erect grills along the windows to ensure that the children do not protrude their hands or heads out of the windows. Transport department officials said that similar checks would be conducted frequently in the future. On Friday, three school vehicles were impounded by the transport officials for over loading.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15247198", "title": "Centre slashes Railways budget allocations for Odisha", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha government on Saturday lodged a protest with the Centre over reduction in the budgetary allocation for the state in the 2012-13 railway budget and demanded its restoration.\"I strongly protest against the step-motherly attitude of the Railways towards Odisha. I further request you to take immediate steps to restore the budgetary allocation made for Odisha for the year 2012-13,\" chief minister Naveen Patnaik said in a letter to railway minister Mukul Roy.The CM's letter followed reports that the railway authorities had reduced the budgetary allocation made to different projects in Odisha in 2012-13 by Rs 186 crore. \"This is gross injustice to Odisha's interest,\" Naveen said, pointing out that the state had earned Rs 7500 crore revenue for Railways in 2011-12.Naveen said the state government had projected a demand of Rs 2345 for different railway projects in 2012-13, but the railway budget made a \"very small\" allocation of Rs 723 crore. \"Now suddenly again the railways have announced this reduction which will go against the interests of Odisha,\" he added.Stating that Odisha was in the midst of a strong industrialization programme, Naveen said railway projects were planned to cater to the increasing demand of industry, trade and commerce of the state. \"Reduction in the budgetary allocation would greatly hamper the industrialisation process in the state. This would also hurt the common man in creation of passenger amenities at various railway stations is concerned,\" Naveen added.In a separate letter, the CM requested Roy to commission Khurda Road-Puri section (doubling) before Lord Jagannath's Nabakalebar Festival in 2015. Naveen said 40 to 50 lakh of pilgrims are expected in the next Nabakalebar festival and added that more than 100 special trains will be required in addition to the regular train services to cater to the needs of the pilgrims.Noting that the Khurda-Puri branch line was sanctioned for doubling in 2001, Naveen said so far only the 15-km Khurda-Delang stretch has been commissioned while the remained 28.7 km remains to be completed. \"In order to meet the increased demand of train services for the next Nabakalebar festival, the line capacity of Puri-Khurda branch line has to be increased urgently,\" he added.Also on Saturday, the ruling BJD's youth wing remonstrated against the Centre for slashing budgetary allocation to Odisha in 2012-13. \"It is really humiliating that after announcing a meagre Rs 723 crore for the state, the railways has now brought it down by Rs 186 crore,\" Biju Yuva Janata Dal president Sanjay Dasburma said, warning the Congress-led UPA government of statewide agitation and string repercussions. He said the downward revision of fund allotment has worst affected the Raipur-Titlagarh-Sambalpur rail line doubling, for which the budget in 2012-13 has been reduced from Rs 230 crore to Rs 82 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15244522", "title": "Chennai to host India\u2019s first transgender swayamvaram", "text": "CHENNAI: Many years ago, royal families held swayamvarams, where princesses could choose the man of their dreams from a group of eligible suitors. On September 28, the city will witness a swayamvaram of a different kind. Thirunangai swayamvaram is being organised by activist Kalki Subramaniam to help transgenders (TG) find their life partners.\"We will have TG women who are interested in getting married to men or other sexes up on stage. Those who are interested in marrying them will have an opportunity to interact with them,\" says Subramaniam, founder of Sahodari Foundation, which works with transgenders.She came up with the idea of conducting a swayamvaram as many members of the community dream of leading a family life. \"But TG women have been exploited as sex workers and beggars,\" says Subramaniam. \"Society has labelled transgenders as people who won't fit into the family system but we are ordinary people with a need for love, family and relationships.\"She launched www.thirunangai.net, an exclusive matrimonial website for transgenders in August 2009. \"We posted just five or six profiles and got over 1,000 responses from 45 countries in the past two years,\" says Subramaniam. While about 350 of them sent personal information, photographs and contact numbers, they did not want to have a public wedding ceremony.\"But we want our marriages to be conducted just like other marriages, complete with guests,\" she says. \"While many men are attracted to TG women, they want to keep their relationship a secret.\" And it is this barrier that she hopes to break with the swayamvaram.\"We will begin the event by telling people why it is being organised and then introduce prospective brides.\" The audience will get an opportunity to ask questions. \"We will be there to guide them but in the end it is up to the bride to choose her groom,\" says Subramaniam.Since September 28 is a muhurtham day, or auspicious day to get married, couples can at least get engaged if they want to. \"If they are Hindus, there will be a purohit to conduct the ceremony. If there are people from other religions, we can organise ceremonies later,\" says Subramaniam, who plans to look into the legal aspects too. \"So far, no such marriage has happened but I hope it will in the future,\" she says. She will fix the venue soon.People attending the event will also be counseled. \"We will tell them the pros and cons. For instance, they cannot have a biological child,\" she says.However, many participants, like 30-year-old Monal, are eager to get married and adopt a child. \"I love children and am looking for a man who will love and support me,\" she says.Subramaniam says that all the prospective brides will make good housewives. \"They are eager to have a good husband and family,\" she says. \"They will be happy to look after the elders.\"She also plans to participate in the event. \"I am looking for a man who is intelligent, humorous, educated, successful and, above all, one who is very bold. He shouldn't care what others say and love me totally,\" she says. And she promises to steal the hearts of her in-laws. \"I love joint families and would like to live with them,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15255281", "title": "Paris spotted with handsome mystery man at French hotspot", "text": "Paris Hilton , who recently broke up with boyfriend DJ Afrojack, was recently spotted talking to a handsome mystery man at a famously expensive French hotspot.Hilton, who was attending a bash thrown by Blackstone chairman Steve Schwarzman and his wife, Christine, in St. Tropez on Thursday with sister Nicky, headed to club 'Les Caves du Roy' with friends after the party.According to sources, the socialite was seen hanging around with a handsome looking guy at the hotspot, the New Post reported.Hilton split with her boyfriend of six months in May and the duo had been working on tracks for Hilton's album, which was expected for release this summer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15247092", "title": "State seeks clarifications on Andhra dam", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha government on Saturday said it had sought certain details from the Andhra Pradesh government on the controversial Polavaram project and would thereafter decide on whether to hold discussions with its southern neighbour.\"We have asked for some details about Polavaram from Andhra government,\" secretary, water resources, Suresh Mohapatra said, pointing out that a case pertaining to the Rs 16,000-crore multi-purpose project Polavaram project on Godavari river was pending before the Supreme Court.Mohapatra said his Andhra counterpart had recently written a letter suggesting for bilateral talks. \"We are yet to take a decision on it. We have asked for certain details as well as suggestions on the agenda for talks,\" Mohapatra told TOI, adding, \"As the issues involved are technical in nature, we have suggested that discussions between the two states be held at the engineer-in-chief level.\"Mohapatra's version followed Andhra CM N Kiran Reddy statement to certain media persons in his state that he had spoken to Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik on the Polavaram issue. \"We would like to discuss and settle (the differences over Polavaram) amicably as it would benefit farmers of both states,\" Reddy said, according to a private news channel report.Reddy further maintained that Odisha's loss because of was \"very small\" while the gain was much more. While Odisha would lose around 2000 acre (due to submergence) it would get five TMC (thousand million cubic feet) water, Reddy said, noting that to store 5 tmc water 4000 to 5000 acre and Rs 600 to Rs 700 crore would be required, but Odisha would benefit as the storage would be done in Andhra.Stating that Andhra wants to complete its dam projects fast, Reddy said he might seek a \"tentative date\" with his Odisha counterpart on the Polavaram, Vansadhara and other projects over which the two states are in conflict.While Naveen was yet to comment on Reddy's proposal for talks, sources in the Odisha government maintained Andhra was to \"negotiate\" with Odisha as it apprehends the Supreme Court might refer the Polavaram project to its green bench, which in turn could stop the project. \"No public hearing was held before getting environment clearance for the project. If the matter goes to the green bench, the project could take a beating,\" a source said, adding, \"The Congress government in Andhra wants to push the Polavaram project with an eye on the next Assembly elections in the state and the sensitive Telangana issue.\"Sources said Andhra has offered to pay Odisha Rs 650 crore as grant for constructing a 30-km long embankment inside the state for Polavaram project. \"It would be foolish for us to accept such an offer. Odisha does not stand to benefit from Polavaram. We can always take water from Saberi river and intend to do so through mega lift irrigation projects,\" an official said, countering Reddy's claim that Odisha would get five tmc water from Polavaram.On Tuesday, Naveen, in the wake of media reports that Andhra has finalized tenders for construction of the Polavaram project, lodged a complaint with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh urging him to immediately restrain Andhra from going ahead with the project that had been challenged in the Supreme Court. The Odisha government since 2007 has been opposing the Polavaram project on the ground that it would submerge over 2100 hectare of land having more than 13 tribal villages in Padia block of Maoist-affected Malkangiri district. It has also objected to Andhra not taking it into confidence while finalizing the project and even redesigning it for holding 50 lakh cusec of flood water as against the initial capacity of 35 lakh cusec. It moved the apex court in October, 2007, demanding, among others, stopping construction and canceling the environment clearance granted to the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15245121", "title": "Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board plans to sell sewerage treatment plants sludge", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) has come up with a plan to sell the sludge generated at the sewerage treatment plants (STPs).The Water Board has three STPs in the city, namely Nallacheruvu (30 million liters a day capacity), Nagole (172 MLD) and Amberpet (339MLD).From these three STPs, on an average, 200 tonnes of sludge is generated every day. Currently, the sludge generated is being used for land fills.A few days ago, city-based environmentalist P C Reddy met the Water Board officials and gave a presentation on the concept of 'Wealth from Waste'. He explained about the benefits using as manure for farming as well as gardening.\"We were impressed by Reddy's presentation. However, the decision regarding selling sludge will be taken after discussions with other environmentalists and municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department officials,\" HMWS&SB; director-projects M Satyanarayana told STOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15244172", "title": "European films reel in Amdavadi aficionado", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Europe in Amdavad - The European Film Festival has left movie lovers in the city asking for more. The four-day bonanza, which ended on July 26, was a treat for Amdavadis who have an appetite for foreign cinema. Organized by Alliance Francaise d'Ahmedabad, Goethe Zentrum, and British Council, the festival featured 19 movies from sixteen countries at Cinepolis in Vastrapur's Apha Mall. Over 3,500 people enjoyed classics from such countries as Denmark, France, Italy, Spain, and Greece .The European cinematic oeuvre has always exerted a forceful influence on world cinema. The history-shaping New Wave movement of France, for instance, has yielded films like 'Breathless' (1960), which has become de rigueur viewing for both filmmakers and film aficionados. The Jean-Luc Godard's masterpiece mused on the amoral universe that humans live in, where betrayals are both casual and gratuitous.Earlier, Italian director Federico Fellini had invoked in 'La Strada' the unembellished, raw power of neorealism - a movement that often depicted non-professional actors caught in non-filmic everyday situations - to examine loneliness and need for love. 'La Strada' not only figures in film courses across the world even today, but also stands at the top of cinema connoisseur's list of the best movies ever made. A hallmark of such cinema was to reflect on life honestly, rather than obsess about creating endings that presented feel-good banalities. That intellectual honestly bristled in every offering of Europe in Amdavad festival.Chintan Pandya, culture coordinator at Alliance Francaise d'Ahmedabad, said, \"The response to the festival has been tremendous this year - just as overwhelming as it was last year.\" He said for the 2012 edition, movies had been picked up from diverse countries.A student, Preeti Jain, who attended the festival said: \"The movies shown at the festival were amazing. I wish I had watched all of them but it was not possible due to time constraints.\" She said that learning about different cultures was enlightening and cinema was the best medium to engage in such explorations.Pandya said that invitations had run out by the second day of the festival. \"Not only youngsters but also those above 70 had come for their dose of European movies,\" he said. \"For example, there was an 80-year-old woman who waited for over 30 minutes to get a seat in the movie hall as all shows were running to full houses!\"The first edition of the festival was held at Bhaikaka Bhavan, which remained jam-packed through all screenings. That response spurred the organizers to give a formal touch to the festival and screen the movies at Cinepolis which has 175 seats.'Aching Hearts', 'Chameleon', 'Touch of Spice', 'Weddings and Other Disasters', and 'The Pervert's Guide to Cinema' were some of the major attractions at the festival.\"European cinema is the truest form of cinema because the directors believe they have to first feel what they want to show people,\" said Abhishek Jain, the director of the hit Gujarati movie 'Kevi Rite Jaish'. \"I was happy that the festival's movies were appreciated by audiences in the city.\"A group of students from a city college said that they were eagerly waiting for the next edition of the film so that they can watch some more European classics!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15245549", "title": "Mega power project on the cards in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Bihar is likely to get a big boost in the energy sector following the Centre's decision to explore the possibility of a 4,000MW power project in the state.A high-level central team of experts from the ministry of power on Friday reached here to assess the possibility of a mega power plant in the state. The team held a meeting with CM Nitish Kumar on Friday evening in which it was decided to look for 2,400 acres of land with availability of 120 cusecs of water. The team also explored probable geographical locations through satellite. Sources said the team has identified couple of sites in the state for setting up the plant.An official said big chunks of land are available in districts like Bhagalpur and Banka for this purpose. The state will take a big leap in the energy sector in five years if the mega power plant is set up in the state. It is likely to attract major investment proposals in various sectors, said the official. The Bihar Power Infrastructure company (BPIC) has been asked to coordinate with allied departments like water resources development, land revenue, energy and Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) for finalizing the site for the plant.The central expert team also asked the BPIC to submit a detailed report including nearest coal linkage site and adequate water availability within a month. \"The team is expected to visit Bihar again after receiving the detailed project report (DPR) from the state government,\" said BSEB spokesperson Hare Ram Pandey. The central team was represented by Central Electricity Authority (CEA) director PD Shoval, CEA secretary MS Puri, CEA chief engineer Arun Kumar Jain, Power Finance Corporation (PFC) Vice-President Rajesh K Shahi and PFC adviser DK Gilhotra.Besides CM Nitish Kumar, energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav, principal secretary (energy) Ajay V Nayak and BSEB chairman P K Rai participated in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15243703", "title": "Corporate Social Responsibility initiative to teach kids in Chakkarpur launched", "text": "GURGAON: An international NGO and a corporate house, in a joint venture, have taken up a programme to educate and place children from close to 1,535 families located in 20 clusters in Chakkarpur village.The initiative, called 'Pehal' was launched on Friday by international NGO, United Way, in partnership with United Technologies Corporation which has a manufacturing facility in Gurgaon. It is a part of the united initiative for a healthy, educated, safe &amp; green community in Chakkarpur.The programme targets close to 10,000 migrant labourers living in resettlement colonies/slums in Chakkarpur village. The commissioner of the Municipal Corporation Gurgaon, Sudhir Rajpal, addressed the gathering at the inauguration and appreciated the effort by corporate houses.\"It is good that such Corporate Social Responsibility ( CSR) initiatives are being undertaken since it becomes difficult for the MCG to do all this work single-handedly because of the shortage of manpower. It is important that these people are educated instead of simply being made aware of methods to clean drinking water. They will be able to extend this knowledge whereever they move or when they return to their villages,\" said Rajpal.The initiative has programmes for both the women and men of the community on financial literacy, and will also include enrolment of community children out of school, in 'bridge courses' who will later be mainstreamed into government schools. They will also hold job fairs for unemployed youth in the community.The community will be provided with health facilities like an evening clinic providing curative and referral services to the people and will be made aware of usage of low-cost water filters in the community. Programmes on personal hygiene and reproductive health for community women will also be held.The programme also targets planting of around 1,500 trees in and around the targeted community and repair and renovate the existing drainage facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "15243786", "title": "Congress women's wing gears up for poll 2014", "text": "YAVATMAL: The women's wing of Indian National Congress began a statewide contact programme with the cadre level workers. National vice president, Shobha Shah, of the women's wing, on Saturday, said that the party will be organizing state, district and regional level conventions and training camps for the grass root level workers in a phased manner.\"We took a statewide tour to make the cadres aware of the party's policies and programmes so as to strengthen the base of the party before the next general election in 2014,\" Shah said.When asked if the party is providing support to frontal organizations like the women's wing and whether women are given adequate representation various forums, Shah said that the party is male dominated and women often get step motherly treatment.\"We raise our issues before the top rung leaders of the party but governments both at the centre and state, give least response to our problems,\" she said. She added that in order to achieve the necessary bargaining power steps to strengthen the organization is to be taken up first. Efforts would be made to ensure that capable women workers across the country get party tickets for the next election, Shah further said.While answering a question as to why the Women's Reservation Bill was not passed in the Lok Sabha, she said that her party is keen to get the bill passed but some parties in its coalition along witj those in the opposition do not want the bill passed. It is a 'man versus woman\" struggle and women would one day win the battle.Ex-mayor of Pune and Congress Women's Wing state president Kamal Vyavhare expressed her concern over the atrocities being committed on women across the state. She also said that the cause of the needy women get affected when some women utilize the loop holes in the law made for their protection and misuse it against the men.\"We shall arrange training camps at each district and division phase by phase. The final convention would be held at the state level,\" Kamal Vyavhare said. National general secretary, Sandhya Sawalakhe, (Yavatmal), district president and former MLA Vijaya Dhote and others were present at the press conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15243397", "title": "India Against Corruption team seek 5-day extension", "text": "BANGALORE: While Anna Hazare stated that if the government doesn't bring out a strong Lokpal Bill then he will be on an indefinite fast from Sunday, the India Against Corruption (IAC) team in Bangalore are looking forward to a 5-day extension from the police department to continue their agitation at Freedom Park.\"Police permission granted to the Bangalore chapter of IAC ends on Sunday night. The NGO has already applied for 5-day extension, but the police has not granted permission as yet,\" said Prithvi Reddy, committee member, IAC-Bangalore.At present, 14 members and supporters of IAC and Jan Lokpal Bill are fasting at Freedom Park. Justice N Santosh Hegde will not fast from Sunday, but has ensured his support for the campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15247090", "title": "Decrease in crop production cause of concern: Expert", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Scientists have expressed concern over low crop productivity and declining food production by Odisha in the last few years and emphasized on improvement through suitable technological invention. \"Though the state produces a range of food items but the productivity remains low,\" said director general of ICAR, S Ayyappan.At present, the yield of rice in the state is 1585 kg per hectare, pulses is 431 kg per hectare, oilseeds 589 kg per hectare as against the national average of 2125, 630 and 959 kg per hectare respectively. \"Low productivity is certainly a matter of concern,\" Ayapan said.He maintained that the demand trend in national level indicates that by 2026-27 the food requirement will be increased by 1.3 per cent per year for cereals, 3 per cent for pulses, 3.5 per cent for edible oil, 3.3 per cent for vegetables, 4 to 6 per cent for fruits and livestock products over base year 2011-12. \"To meet these targets, investments on agricultural research need to be doubled by 2015 and tripled by 2020 in relation to the investment level of 2002,\" he added.In order to increase agricultural productivity a group of secretaries led by the department of agricultural research and education (DARE) prepared the first ever policy framework for research and development in agriculture and allied areas. The framework focuses on lab-to-field approach on technologies that lend themselves to quick dissemination with practical and visible benefits to producer and productivity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15247147", "title": "Manipur police close in on million-rupee reptile racket", "text": "IMPHAL: The state police are on a manhunt to nab the top ring leaders of a gang of poachers involved in smuggling Tokay Gecko, a rare reptile species, from Manipur to Malaysia. Some members of the gang were arrested recently. These reptiles are in high demand in Malaysia and some other Asian countries because of their reported medicinal value, sources said, adding that a smuggler can easily make up to Rs 20 lakh for a Tokay Gekco weighing 200 grams and measuring 14 inches. With the value for the reptile's soaring, poachers who targeted other animals have switched focus to Tokays and have been searching for them in the hills , wildlife analysts said.On Wednesday, Thoubal district police carried out an operation at Thoubal bazaar and arrested five persons travelling in a van with a live Tokay Gekco inside a bag. A weighing device and a measurement tape were also recovered from the five persons, who have been identified as H Deben (40), Ng Shitaljit (34), L Noren (24), S Basanta (42) and B Sunil Sharma (38).According to the arrested persons, they were told to collect the rare reptile species from Yairipok village in Thoubal district by one Sunil Singh from Imphal after which it would be smuggled to Malaysia. A senior police officer said a manhunt was on to bust the million-rupee reptile business racket. It is learnt that some individuals have begun rearing these reptiles in a clandestine manner at homes.Thoubal district unit of the People for Animal (PFA) has appealed to all concerned not to indulge in catching and selling of the rare species and instead help protect and conserve them. A large number of animal parts have been seized by the security forces in Chandel district along the state's border with Myanmar. The forces seized tiger skulls, tiger bones, pangolin shells, deer horns and rhino bones which were being smuggled to south-east Asian countries through the porous Indo-Myanmar border.One Tokay Gecko Fetches Up To 20L In Some CountriesWith the value for the reptile soaring, poachers who targeted other animals have switched focus to Tokays and have been searching for them in the hills, wildlife analysts said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15242254", "title": "Kidnapped baby rescued", "text": "NEW DELHI: An eight-month-old child kidnapped from Jaitpur on Friday afternoon was rescued from Bijnor in UP early on Saturday.Two women, Ashma and Gulshan Jahan, who allegedly took away the child, have been arrested.Police said the child's mother, a nurse, owed money to one of the accused, and when she did not pay up even after several months, the two women planned to \"teach her a lesson\".\"Gulshan and her relative Ashma visited Jaitpur and persuaded the child's mother to accompany them to the market. They talked her into handing over the baby to them and slipped away. Police were informed around 3pm, and the case was cracked within 12 hours,\" said an officer at the Jaitpur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15245301", "title": "Deccan Studies journal released", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two volumes of Deccan Studies, the biannual journal of the Centre for Deccan Studies that deal with the reorganisation of the state and the future of Hyderabad as a city, were released on Saturday.Vasant Kumar Bawa, former administrator and historian, said in his article that the expansion of Hyderabad should be stopped as it is creating huge sustainability problems. All global norms favour cities that are managea ble in size, he observed.Other contributors to the journal on Hyderabad include Sajjad Shahid on Asaf Jahi architecture of Hyderabad; Captain J Rama Rao on changing face of the city and C Ramchandraiah on how metro rail does not fit into the Hyderabad landscape. CPI general secretary S Sudhakar Reddy made a presentation on saving Hyderabad whileSocial activist Jasveen Jairat spoke on how the NGOs could play a more effective role by cooperating with each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15246947", "title": "Chennai boy paddles to the top", "text": "It was by chance that G Sathiyan took up table tennis. A combination of talent and dedication , however, has seen the 19-year-old Chennai boy rise to become one of India's top paddlers.His coach V Chandrasekaran, a former national champion and Arjuna Award recipient , describes Sathiyan as \"precociously talented\" and \"destined to go further\".\"Talented players like Sathiyan and Sharath Kamal before him come along once in a decade,\" said Chandrasekaran, a semifinalist in the 1982 Commonwealth champion ships who famously helped India advance to cate gory I from II in the Tokyo World champion - ships the following year. \"I am sure Sathiyan will represent the country in the Olympics one day.\"Table tennis was introduced as an Olympic discipline in the 1988 Seoul Games. Only nine Indian paddlers have achieved Olympic colours prior to Soumyajit Ghosh and Ankita Das, who qualified for the London Games through regional quota at the Asian qualifiers in Hong Kong.Two-time Olympian Sharath Kamal is the country's best known table tennis player. Currently ranked 63rd in the world, the Chennai player achieved a career-high ranking of 39 in August 2010. India is ranked 27th in the world in a sport dominated by its Asian counterparts with China, Korea Republic and Japan claiming the top three spots in that order.Sathiyan's first brush with the sport was as a five-year-old when he tagged along with his mother who wanted to enroll his two sisters for table tennis coaching at Medimix-SDAT Chandra academy which was originally situated at the DG Vaishnav College in Arumbakkam. \"It could well have been cricket or chess,\" said Sathiyan, a third year B Tech student at St. Joseph's College of Engineering and currently India No 1 in the youth (U-21 ) category and No 7 in the men's section. \"My sports-conscious mother wanted my two elder sisters to play some sport. Chandrasekaran Sir's academy was walking distance from home and convenient. He suggested to my mother that I was old enough to be enrolled. That's how it all started,\" said the 2008 Commonwealth Youth Games champion. Sathiyan quickly made a mark in the junior ranks nationally and steadily climbed the rungs. \"His success percentage is high, that's how it has always been. And he is only getting better,\" says Chandrasekaran.Sathiyan meticulously balances his education with the long hours of practice needed to stay in the lead pack. \"It is difficult,\" said Sathiyan, who nurses aspirations of playing in the 2016 Summer Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. \"I have had to cut short on national camps and cut back on tournaments because of my semester examinations,\" said Sathiyan , who won a bronze in the team event at the Junior World Championships in Bratislava in 2010. \"I love the game. At the same time, however, I need to focus on my education. Playing in an Olympics is my dream. I hope I will be able to live it in 2016, \" he said.\"After Karnam Malleswari's historic performance, I realized that every other sporting achievement pales in comparison to that of winning an Olympic medal. And in India only the Olympics overshadows cricket, \" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15245555", "title": "Police arrest another accused in Arunachal Times vandalisation case", "text": "ITANAGAR: The Arunachal Pradesh police on Friday arrested another accused in the April 15 Arunachal Times vandalisation case. With the arrest of Charu Tanium in Guwahati, the total number of arrests so far by the police has risen to 11. Ten youths, mostly students, were arrested on July 24 during a night-long operation after CCTV images were published in local dailies.Tanium (28), from Korayar Village under Sangram circle of the remote Kurung Kumey district, was arrested in Guwahati and brought to Itanagar early on Saturday, Capital Complex SP Hibu Tamang said. He was sent to 14-day police remand on being produced before a magistrate. Tamang informed that during sustained interrogation, Tanium admitted his involvement in the attack and disclosed the involvement of Yumlam Achung, the prime accused, in masterminding the attack on Arunachal Times office on April 15.Achung has been absconding, the SP said, adding that he was also wanted by Itanagar police in connection with the case. Tamang also cautioned that anybody providing shelter to Achung would be booked under appropriate sections of law for harboring a wanted criminal. \"Anybody giving information on his whereabouts will be given a cash reward of Rs 2 lakh and his identity will be kept a secret,\" Tamang added.Meanwhile, lauding the police department for nabbing eleven youths in connection with the attack on a media house, local MLA Techi Kaso has said that the investigations into the cases of attacks on media persons and media houses of the state should be taken to their logical conclusions to bring the lawbreakers to book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "15245316", "title": "Over 30L kanwarias visit Deoghar", "text": "BHAGALPUR: Though struggling to make an official place under the National Fair Authority, the month-long Shrawani Mela that got underway on July 3, 2012, is drawing a large number of pilgrims from across the country despite meagre facilities at Sultanganj and onward trek to Baidyanath Dham in Deoghar (Jharkhand).\"Facilities or no facilities, this is our annual fair and we visit each year to pay our obeisance to Lord Shiva,\" said Prabhat Singh and Sangeeta Singh from Mumbai and added, \"We don't care even if the state or Central governments don't bother to develop the place like Shirdi (Maharashtra), Vaishno Devi (J &K;) or Tirupati (Andhra Pradesh). After all 'Bol Bam hamara sahara hai' (it is the God that is our savior),\" said the couple who have been visiting the place for the past 15 years.It may be mentioned here that Shrawani Mela is held in July and continues for a month. Over a crore pilgrims from across the country as well as neighbouring countries like Nepal and Bhutan reach Sultanganj in Bhagalpur district to pay obeisance to Lord Shiva.Devotees, on the first leg of journey, gather at Sultanganj to collect holy water from the river Ganga at Sultanganj ghat, where the Ganga becomes uttarvahini (river turns flowing towards north).Devotees trek nearly 90 km from Sultanganj via Belhar-Katoria-Chandan (Banka district) on foot carrying kanwars on their shoulder and holy water from Ganga. They chant the 'Bol Bam' mantra all through the trek route. Major part of the route (more than 55 km) falls under Bhagalpur and Banka districts in Bihar, while the temple is in Deoghar. On reaching Baidyanath Dham at Deoghar, the devotees pay obeisance to the God by pouring holy water on the Shivalinga.The word 'Bam' means Lords Brahma, Vishnu and Mahesh, says Pandit Shanker Jha adding it is a very effective mantra. It generates lots of inner energy in the kanwarias and gives them psychological strength to carry on the trek from Sultanganj to Babadham, said Jha and added quoting the Skand Purana that those who complete the holy journey by reciting 'Bol Bam', obtain the virtues of Ashwamedha Yajna.Considering the colossal faith of devotees and massive turnout at the Sultanganj, the state government, announcing it to be a state fair, has been trying to add facilities at the remote Sultanganj block and trek route. The trek route has been renovated and shortened by nearly 16 km, besides making efforts to put up solar lamps for uninterrupted power supply on the route.\"District control room, besides a sub-control room at Jilabia Mor (Chandan Block), with all modern communication system has been established at Katoria, which works round the clock for monitoring law and order,\" said an official of Banka district and added that some parts of Kanwaria path passes through dense and lonely forests, so the administration has made additional security arrangements for the safety and security of Kanwarias.For accommodation and relaxation of Kanwarias, there are 4 dharmashalas (inn) under Chandan block, 4 dharmashalas under Belhar and 8 under Katoria blocks, the official said and added out of 16 dharmashalas, 4 are government-owned, while 12 are private dharmashalas. There are also small hotels at Sultanganj.Claims of the state machinery notwithstanding and upbeat mood of devotees aside, a lot is lacking on the facility front, said Poonam Gupta from Siliguri adding a decent place to stay is lacking. \"We also get scared when travelling on the trek route in the night despite huge volume of pilgrims,\" she added saying the state government should provide facilities that should commensurate to the volume of devotees.According to official sources, as of now nearly 30 lakh devotees, beside nearly 1 lakh 'dak bam (who sprint)' have visited Sultanganj. The number is swelling each day as the mela is inching towards its end. Health services also leave a lot to be desired and in case of emergency patients are referred to big hospitals.The governments of Bihar and Jharkhand besides the central government should join hands and workout an integrated plan for the development of Sultanganj and trek route to Baidyanath Dham and at Deoghar as well making it a National Fair, said a local Swetambar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15245449", "title": "Urgent need to update engineering courses, say experts", "text": "BHOPAL: There is an urgent need to emphasize more on practical knowledge and keep on updating mechanical engineering courses to produce better technocrats, who can cope with the techno-commercial challenges emerging in the era of globalization and liberalization, experts have said.Speaking on the concluding day of the national seminar on \"Productivity of complex component using intelligent machine tools for batch product', organized by IES College of Technology on Saturday here, mechanical engineering experts were unanimous in their view that there was an urgent need to adopt a comprehensive approach to face the new challenges emerging in the world due to advancement in technologies.\"The rampant use and dependency over Internet as well as mobile communication technologies and e-intelligence are now creating new challenges to industries. The approach should be comprehensive and not just the token solutions,\" assistant general manager of Hindustan Machine Tools Chinappan Sekharan, said.Suggesting solutions to the emerging challenges, Sekharan said that courses in the engineering streams have to be updated properly to meet the new requirements.\"Students in different engineering institutes are our future. As far as the theoretical aspect is concerned, the need is to regularly update the courses, which would help students learn new things,\" he suggested. However, he added that the updating the courses did not mean changing the basics of engineering. \"The idea is to update and not a drastic change in the courses,\" he added.The experts delivered lectures on important topics including challenges of complex machining, batch productivity of complex components, rapid prototyping, intelligent machine tools and convergence in manufacturing.A professor from MNNIT, Allahabad, Vinod Yadava, also agreed that the engineering students should be renewed with the on-going activities.\"In IITs and NIT's, courses are being revised every three years. States should also follow it properly,\" Yadava said. He suggested that educational institutions should also conduct regular seminars and workshops for updating students with the latest development in the field. Besides, he added that practical knowledge also played a vital role in developing better future technocrats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15250395", "title": "Human Rights Watch criticizes shoot-at-sight orders in Assam", "text": "MUMBAI: The latest Human Rights Watch (HRW) diktat that India should revoke its \"shoot at sight\" order in Assam raises pertinent questions about the handling of ethnic violence in the northeastern state.The state has witnessed ethnic violence between indigenous Bodo tribes and Muslim migrant settler reportedly killing 42 people and grievously injuring over 150 others. Earliest reports of violence date back to May possibly owing to land disputes and raises concerns about why the violence wasn't stemmed in the bud for over two months.More worryingly, even once the issue came to the fore, there seems to have been a delay of nearly three days in the deployment of the Army, despite requests from the state government for reinforcement. This may have allowed the tension to escalate and cost many more innocent lives.The 'shoot at sight' orders being executed then come across as a desperate attempt at a time when violence has rapidly spread.The police firing has allegedly claimed six lives, drawing the ire of global human rights agencies. The firing by cops is not in keeping with the United Nations Basic Principles on the Use of Force and Firearms, stated a HRW release, pertinently pointing out that force should be the last resort adopted by police forces.\"'Shoot at sight' orders give a green light to security forces to use their firearms when it's neither necessary nor lawful to do so,\" said Meenakshi Ganguly, South Asia director at HRW, adding that \"\"security forces should comply with international standards that only permit the use of lethal force when absolutely necessary to protect life.\"\"In the short run, authorities should do all they can to curtail the situation; the crises also warrants a detailed and independent enquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "15252251", "title": "Fresh batch of 377 Amarnath pilgrims leave for cave shrine amid tight security", "text": "JAMMU: Amid tight security, a fresh batch of 377 pilgrims left on Sunday for the Amarnath cave shrine.The devotees comprising 239 men, 87 women, 1 child and 50 sadhus left in a cavalcade of 12 vehicles from Bhagwati Nagar base camp in Jammu at around 5am.With Sunday's batch, as many as 91,820 pilgrims have left Jammu for their onward journey to Amarnath.So far over 6 lakh pilgrims have offered prayers at the cave shrine housing the naturally formed ice 'shivlingam' since the pilgrimage commenced on June 25, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15246074", "title": "Doctors sketch their concern", "text": "LUDHIANA: World Hepatitis Day was observed at a city-based hospital by organizing a poster-making competition to raise awareness about the silent epidemic and drum up support for those suffering from it.Simarjot Kaur of neo-natal Intensive Care Unit bagged the first prize in the competition, followed by Dr Vaneet Kaur, a senior consultant of gynaecology. The third prize was secured by Jagjot Kaur of general medicine department.The winner, Simarjot Kaur, said, I made a poster highlighting the need to care for the liver. I sketched a human liver with hands protecting it with a hepatitis been trying to attack it. It feels great to win the first prize, and that too for creating awareness about this silent epidemic.Vaneet Kaur, said, I believe posters are always a good medium to create awareness about a sensitive issue. I made a poster on the need to save liver from diseases which is a pre-requisite for healthy living.She added, Hepatitis kills around one million people every year. With observing World Hepatitis Day we get an opportunity to recognize viral hepatitis as a major global health problem in order to advance prevention and control. Team C comprising Simarjot Kaur, Navdeep Kaur, Kulwinder Kaur and Jaspreet Kaur, won the first prize in a quiz competition titled, Know hepatitis to prevent hepatitis.Dr Nirmaljeet Singh Malhi, senior consultant and coordinator, department of gastroenterology at SPS Apollo Hospitals said, a??We organized a two-day free screening camp where more than 1,000 screenings were performed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15246103", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation, College of Engineering Pune reach consensus over flyover construction", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) and the College of Engineering Pune (CoEP) have reached a consensus over the controversial flyover near the college in Shivajinagar. Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Saturday convened a meeting of the PMC and the CoEP officials to discuss the issue of the flyover, to be constructed at a cost of Rs 67 crore, which is supposed to ease traffic at the junction near CoEP.\"We have reached a consensus. The PMC has agreed to make some changes in alignment and the CoEP officials are satisfied with the changes. The work on the project will be started within a month,\" said municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak, speaking to reporters following the meeting.The PMC has repeatedly insisted that the flyover is financially viable and would help decongest the area, but members of the alumni association of the CoEP had claimed that the plan has technical flaws. Citizens groups and activists had suggested that the PMC should not construct flyovers at all.The total length of the three flyovers will be 1.65 km. The two-tier 980-m flyover is planned between Shoppers Stop on old Pune-Mumbai Highway and Sangam Bridge. Another 390-m flyover will start from CoEP junction and end at Shoppers Stop and the third flyover (380m) will connect Sancheti Chowk to the CoEP junction.Additional city engineer (roads development) Vivek Kharwadkar said the alternative suggested by the CoEP alumni members would incur an expenditure of nearly Rs 200 crore as against the PMC's plan of Rs 65 crore. The project is in the larger public interest and has also received the approval of elected members.Several citizens groups and activists in the city had sent a petition to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan urging him to get the construction work stopped. The petition said that flyovers built by the PMC have aggravated traffic problems in the city instead of alleviating them.\"Constructing flyovers is not a sustainable traffic solution. It provides a temporary relief and the problem becomes serious after a few years. Such constructions benefit only private vehicles, that too for a short term. On the other hand, the increase in number of private vehicles creates major problems for pedestrians, cyclists and bus commuters, whose mobility and safety are seriously affected,\" the petition said.Now, with deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar clearing the project, the PMC hopes to start the construction work without any delay. \"This flyover will provide a major relief and will definitely help to reduce traffic congestion,\" said Kharwadkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15245622", "title": "Know what? There\u2019s an Anna Hazare Path in Patna", "text": "PATNA: Walking down the Vivekanand Marg in Boring Road area of the city, one can see a bylane christened \" Anna Hazare Path\". It is through this small gesture that residents of North Krishnapuri are showing their support to Anna Hazare's anti-corruption movement.The man behind it is 75-year-old Vidyanand Singh, a retired executive engineer of the water resources department (WRD), who himself observed a fast for a couple of days when Hazare was fasting in Delhi. Singh says, \"This lane was earlier called Kitab Bhawan Lane. However, in May 2012, with the consent of the local residents, I got a small signboard painted 'Anna Hazare Path' installed just below the original cornerstone.\"Singh said he is not a member of India Against Corruption (IAC) or any other movement, but supports Hazare's fight against corruption.He says, \"Anna is fighting corruption, which eats into vitals of our society like termites. I support his endeavour in whatever small way I can.\" Seemingly not happy with the Union government, he alleged, \"The recent attempts to disrupt Hazare's movement in Delhi are being instigated by the Congress so that Anna's movement fails.\" Singh's wife supports him, though she mostly remains in the background.Prem Chand, another retired resident of the locality says, \"The initiative to rename the street is very good. We endorse Anna Hazare and his initiative to fight corruption.\"AK Singh, also a resident of the same area, says most of these bylanes are named after important personalities, but just naming the street after Hazare won't bear fruit. Much more needs to be done to eradicate corruption, he adds.Vidyanand Singh says corruption at the higher levels needs to be tackled first. He says, 'Yatha raja, tatha praja' (as the king, so the people).If the top officials are dealt with, the lower-level staff and others will automatically listen to their conscience and stop bothering the people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15246028", "title": "North Central Railway employees awarded for good work", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The chief commercial manager's annual award function was organised at North Central Railway headquarters at Subedarganj. About 85 railway employees of the commercial department were given awards for exceptional performance. These railway employees belonged to the divisions of Allahabad, Agra and Jhansi coming under North Central Railway zone.Chief commercial manager of NCR RS Chauhan gave away the awards to the outstanding employees. Congratulating these employees, Chauhan said they should continue to perform exceptionally well and also encourage their fellow employees for the same.On the achievements of the commercial department, he said constant increase in passenger income and total income is the testimony of the hard work being rendered by the officers and the employees of the department. He exhorted commercial department employees to stay in touch with passengers and remain courteous with them.Chief commercial manager (passenger services) DK Tripathi welcomed the chief commercial manager RS Chauhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15242256", "title": "Youths put objectionable picture of deity on net, held", "text": "MUMBAI: A student and his brother were arrested on Friday for uploading an objectionable photograph of a deity on the internet. The police said the student had done it as he felt \"betrayed\" after he failed to clear SSC exams four times in a row, despite praying to the deity.The police were alerted earlier this week when an objectionable image of a deity started making rounds of a social networking site. On the basis of the IP (internet protocol) address used, cops traced the two to their residence in Dharavi.\"We have arrested Muni Tripathi (21) and his younger brother Lakshminarayan (20). Muni wanted to avenge the 'betrayal by the deity' whom he had revered. Lakshminarayan helped him in the act,\" said a personnel from the Shahu Nagar police station. The duo has been remanded in police custody till Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15245368", "title": "Raids on 4 multiplexes in city uncover Rs 24 cr tax evasion", "text": "INDORE: The three-day raids by the commercial taxes department conducted on four multiplexes in the city discovered tax evasion to the tune of Rs 24.16 crore. The raids were conducted on Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.The four multiplexes namely Inox, PVR , Velocity and Adlabs were searched after suspicion of evading tax. As all the multiplexes have their corporate offices situated out of Indore, their local representatives have sent a communication in this connection to them and once getting approved it from the corporate offices, they will deposit the outstanding tax due with the department shortly, said a source.Talking to ToI, Sunil Mishra, deputy commissioner, enforcement wing of the commercial taxes department, said, \"During the raids, it was found that these multiplexes were illegally collecting taxes from the cinema goers despite the fact that their income has been exempted by the department under the entertainment tax for a period of five years.\" The raids were conducted on Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, added Mishra.When contacted, Abhijit Kulkarni, marketing head, PVR, said that he was out of station and was not in a position to comment on the issue.Theatre-Tax evasionInox-Rs 6.5 crPVR-Rs 8.23 crAdlabs-Rs 5.5 crVelocity-Rs 5.15 cr", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15245372", "title": "Vigilance Bureau books IAS officer", "text": "PATNA: State Vigilance Investigation Bureau on Saturday filed chargesheet in the special vigilance court here against senior IAS officer and former Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) commissioner K Senthil Kumar.Vigilance sources said the matter was related to PMC. Irregularities were detected in the construction of apartments in the city which Kumar allegedly ignored. This included construction of apartments beyond the map approved. Some construction companies got the maps passed for four floors only but constructed even fifth and sixth floors. Kumar did not impose extra charges on the companies concerned, causing a loss of Rs 7 crore to PMC,\" Vigilance Bureau sources pointed out.Sources said Kumar also reduced the rates for putting up advertisement hoardings in the city causing a loss of Rs 2 crore to PMC. In the name of e-governance, he also gave permission for purchase of equipments which were not required.The chargesheet details charges levelled against Kumar, sources said. A 1996-batch IAS officer, Kumar had disappeared without information when a vigilance team had reached PMC for investigation, only to return again after a few days. He was suspended on June 30, 2011. The Bureau sources said the chargesheet runs into 43 pages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15244128", "title": "Museum packages heritage bits", "text": "You could look at it as a great way to wallow in nostalgia, or as a homage to good packaging design over the ages. But whichever angle you view it from, the little-known Heritage Museum of Packaging and Design in Bommasandra speaks of private enterprise and a passion for archiving and preservation.The packaging museum, in all possibility the only one of its kind in India, was started in 2003 by Vimal Kedia, MD of Manjushree Technopack Ltd. , a Rs 300-crore packaging solutions provider that creates packaging for some of India's leading FMCG brands like Coca Cola, PepsiCo, Cadburys, GSK and Nestle. Being in the business, Kedia had always had a love for good packaging and would often collect examples of antique and old packaging during his travels across the country. These included outmoded and discontinued FMCG products such as toiletries and soft drinks, cameras and camera cases, antique liquor bottles and electronic gadgets. Soon, however, he started running out of space in his own home and decided to set up a small museum in a corner of his Bommasandra facility.Well-lit and airily designed, the packaging museum looks like a treasure trove for those interested in studying the evolution of branding and packaging design. The oldest item here is a century old - it is an antique lock built to a unique and now lost design from Kedia's ancestral Rajasthan village. Every item has either been hand-picked by Kedia or contributed by visitors to the museum infected by Kedia's enthusiasm for intelligent packaging. \"Once a visitor from South Africa sent a bottle that his grandmother has preserved since the 1920s. In those days, vacuum packaging was not around so containers had to be airtight. It's a glass bottle with a ceramic top, and lid comes fitted with a rubber gasket -- a unique thought and method for the 1920s when packaging was in its infancy,\" shares Kedia. Most items in the museum are at least 50-60 years old.Given the provenance of most exhibits, one theme that runs through the museum is the innovative use of packaging material before the Age of Plastic. \"Most antique packaging is crafted out of natural materials such as wood, paper, glass and metals. Obviously, as the demand for products has jumped many times over since then, plastics are the only option now for mass-produced products,\" says Kedia. He prizes his collection of Agfa cameras in their cardboard and leather casing, and among other valued exhibits is an old-fashioned hair dryer that, unlike sleek and tiny modern models, is the size of a vacuum cleaner and comes with its own hood.Kedia is also proud of a small collection of suitcases from the 1960s that are, somewhat surprisingly, made of cardboard and reinforced with Rexine, and has metal hinges and corners. \"Although such suitcases were not manufactured after the 60s, they are surprisingly durable and don't collapse even with considerable weight put on them,\" says Kedia. Another bit of clever packaging that excites Kedia is a collection of antique mixie jars made of glass that come with their own contoured papier-mache casings. \"The purpose of the beautifully crafted casing is to prevent breakage during everyday handling,\" he explains. \"The beauty of good packaging is that it increases functionality.\"The Heritage Museum of Packaging and Design is open to the public on Saturdays between 10am and 5pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15234644", "title": "H-1B, H-1B1 visas: Filing application may get tougher", "text": "NEW DELHI: The process of filing H-1B visas may get tougher. The US government has proposed some changes in the Form ETA-9035 Labor Condition Application (LCA) form, which is used by companies that want to place non-immigrant employees in the country for work. The Department of Labor (DOL) put up a notice in this regard on its website on July 09, 2012.The changes proposed by the companies may be quite relevant to the companies that have put forward the application. At present, employers can use the same LCA form for hundreds of candidates. However, the proposed changes include limiting the number to just 10 candidates, which will affect just 2.6% of the employers who apply, according to DOL. It has also said that it faces challenges when putting the LCA obligations into effect when it comes to hundreds of candidates; on the other hand, assessing 10 applications would prove to be easier.Moreover, employers may now have to give more information about the existing wages, with additional information describing how it was determined whether the employee requires H-1B visa. According to the proposed changes, they will also have to tell whether the non-immigrant employees are exempt, and if they not, then the companies have to describe their efforts to hire staff from the US. Companies would also have to provide the address where they keep the employee's public access file.Rather than a host of details about the non-immigrant employees, the LCA form presently asks only for their post and the employer. But the proposed changes demand the name, country of citizenship, date of birth, and immigration status of the candidates. Companies would also have to tell if the candidate has sent the PERM Application for Permanent Employment Certification. This way, the authorities would be able to compare the data provided by employers for H-1B and E-3 visa and PERM certification.The candidates' location privacy will go for a toss if the proposed changes come into effect. The proposed changes ask for details of the type of location, namely business premises, a private household or the employees' residences. They will also have to specify the details of the end-client location. If yes, then the candidate would have to furnish the name of the end-client as well. This will also affect employers' flexibility as they may end up filling up a new LCA form if the employer is moved from one end-client to another, even if the move is within the same geographical region.In case the candidates are out of US and require H-1B visas to come to the country and the employers are filing the LCA on their behalf, the companies would not be able to take them as employees until they lawfully arrive with valid H-1B visas. This means that companies would not be able to close the end-client deal before they file the LCA.For wages, if the employers use a wage survey other than the prevailing wage of the concerned geographic area, then the details of the wage survey, including survey source, survey publisher and the date of publication, would have to be provided.The notice says that the Employment and Training Administration (ETA), Labor, is asking for comments on \"the collection of data of the approved information collection.\" The last date for submitting the comments is September 07, 2012, as per the notice. The changes proposed by the department need to be approved by the Office of Management and Budget before they come into effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15245982", "title": "Absconding murder suspect held", "text": "PUNE: The Shivajinagar police on Friday evening arrested accused on the run Yogesh Pore (30), a resident of Guruwar Peth, in connection with the murder of Mohan alias Mauli Ganpat Shinde (25), who was a criminal on police record.Shinde, who was returning home in Kalewadi after completing his two-year externment, was attacked by around six suspects and later shot dead in Shivajinagar on February 23 last year, police said.While eight suspects were arrested and a minor was detained, Pore, the ninth suspect, was absconding.Senior inspector Pandharinath Patil on Saturday said Pore was hiding at his relative's residence in Andhra Pradesh. He was arrested when he was visiting a relative in Pune.A magisterial court on Saturday sent Pore to police custody till August 1.Shinde was earlier associated with gangster Baba Bodke. He was a suspect in rival gang member Sudhir Rasal's murder in 2007. Shinde also had an attempted murder case against him. He was out on bail when he was externed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15242853", "title": "\u2018Hepatitis more lethal than HIV, malaria &amp; dengue\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hepatitis, which causes inflammation of liver, kills more people in India than HIV/AIDS, malaria and dengue combined, WHO representative to India Nata Menabde said on Saturday, which was World Hepatitis Day. She said mass awareness, universal guidelines for immunization and hygienic handling of food and water can reduce the liver disease burden substantially.Menabde was speaking at the inauguration of the 'Health Liver' campaign by Institute of Liver and Biliary Sciences (ILBS), India's first NABH accredited super specialty institute. Delhi health minister AK Walia and K Srinath Reddy, director of the Public Health Foundation of India (PHFI), among others, were present on the occasion.Menabde said there are five main hepatitis viruses, types A, B, C, D and E, of which B and C are most lethal as they can lead to liver cirrhosis and cancer. She added, \"About six lakh people die every year due to the acute or chronic consequences of hepatitis B, nearly 100 times more than HIV/AIDS.\"Walia said that both hepatitis B and C spread through contact with the blood of an infected person. It can be through transfusion of infected blood, sharing of contaminated needles or injection material. Hepatitis B can also be transmitted from mother to child. \"To check the spread of the disease through blood transfusion, we are going to introduce Nucleic Acid Test ( NAT) to ensure immediate and accurate screening of infectious diseases such as hepatitis and HIV in donated blood,\" Walia said. He added that Delhi is among the first few states to have introduced vaccination for hepatitis B in the universal immunization programme. Hepatitis A and E, the commonest forms of viral hepatitis, spread mainly through contaminated food or water. The state health minister said that they are taking all measures to ensure clean drinking water facility to all citizens.The Delhi government is also planning to provide increased financial assistance to poor patients undergoing liver transplant, kidney transplant and other super-specialty procedures \u2014 Rs 3 lakh for those undergoing treatment at private hospitals and Rs 5 lakh for those being treated by government hospitals.According to Dr Shiv Sarin, director, ILBS, hepatitis rarely presents symptoms until very late. \"For example, a person infected with hepatitis C virus may carry the virus for as long as 10 years or even 20 years without presenting any obvious symptom. Regular health check-up is advised for people above 40 years of age,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15244597", "title": "Will teach only if you sit on lap, teacher tells students", "text": "BANGALORE: A Hindi teacher, who told a few girls in class that he would continue teaching if they sat on his lap, is absconding after parents filed a police compliant against him.Parents of the girls, all from Sangameshwara Vidya Kendra in Bangalore's Vijayanagar, on Saturday also complained against the teacher, H G Basavaraj, with the school management. Sensing trouble, Basavaraj, who was on the school premises, fled the place. School principal Shiva Swamy said Basavaraj joined his institution on July 5 this year. The management says it doesn't have any details about him.According to the complainants, Basavaraj started misbehaving from day one. Meenakumari (name changed), a class VII student, said that last Thursday, Basavaraj asked her to sit on his lap.Saying she wasn't well, she rushed home and told her mother what had happened.Police have booked a case under IPC-354 (assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15246680", "title": "1 killed, 3 hurt in road accident", "text": "BOKARO: One person was killed and three others injured when the mini-truck in which they were travelling skidded off the road and turned turtle at Pichri under the Petarwar police station in Bokaro on Saturday. The accident occurred when the mini-truck carrying devotees was returning from Baidyanathdham temple in Deogarh to Jamshedpur.While the deceased has been identified as Vikas, the three injured -- Santosh, Premchand and Susant - have been admitted at a private hospital in Jain Mor. All are resident of Adityapur in Jamshedpura and aged between 25 and 30 years.Petarwar police station OC Sachindra Jha said there were a group of eight persons travelling in the truck. Four others are safe. The incident occurred at a turning at Pichri when the driver lost control over the truck when a speeding vehicle approached from opposite side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15243324", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal wants \u2018revolution\u2019, Anna Hazare says won\u2019t fight polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pooh-poohing media reports that there aren't enough people at Jantar Mantar, activist Anna Hazare said the mobilization of massive crowds for election rallies all these years hadn't done much for the common man. \"It is not the size of the crowd that matters but its intent. And our support will bring the Jan Lokpal Bill in the country,\" he said. A combative Arvind Kejriwal observed: \"I challenge Sonia and Rahul Gandhi to bring as many people together as we have. Even if they bring people by the truckloads, they can't match our numbers.\"Kejriwal, in fact, called for \"sampoora kranti\" (total revolution). \"The war should be for a revolution and not just for the Lokpal Bill,\" he said, addressing the crowd in the evening. He asked the crowd which party they considered fit to rule by naming politicians the Team accuses of corruption, including Mulayam Singh Yadav (SP), Mayawati (BSP), Jayalalitha (AIADMK), Karunanidhi (DMK), Yeddyurappa (BJP), Nitish Kumar (JD-U) and, of course, the 15 ministers of the UPA government whose names Kejriwal asked the crowd to remember. This was greeted with cheers and demands for a Team Anna party. Kejriwal chose to remain silent. However, he did say, \"It's time we deliberated on this question. During this fast itself, people have to find a solution. We will fast till then.\"Anna, however, told the crowd he himself won't ever contest or even float a political party. \"I don't have that kind of money. I live a simple ascetic life. But if I am alive after this bill is passed, then I will travel through the country seeking out good, worthy people who want to change the country and have a background in this kind of social work. I will put their name on a list and post it on the net for the country to see. And then, the common man can decide who their political representative should be. Once they have decided, I will personally go and promote them during their election campaign,\" he said.He added that neither the Congress, nor the BJP can help the country and that Parliament needs to be cleansed before the country can progress. \"Even industrialists are threatened by our movement and they will try and buy votes for ministers. This is where the voter needs to be honest because taking money for voting is also corruption. And I will continue to fight till I die,\" said Anna.Kejriwal, meanwhile, stated that he didn't think the President should be left out of discussions at Jantar Mantar. \"The seat of President commanded respect when people like Dr Rajendra Prasad and Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam occupied it. Now the man who's in it has tarnished its glory,\" he said. He added, \"I respected Parliament that had people like Lal Bahadur Shastri in it, not one with Mulayam Singh Yadav, Laloo Prasad, Kanimozhi and A. Raja.\"He also informed the crowd that the case against him at a Bulandshahr court has been dismissed. While maintaining that concerns about his health were unfounded, he appealed to Anna to refrain from fasting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15244543", "title": "Two more succumb to virus", "text": "BANGALORE: Seven deaths in seven days. The deadly dengue virus claimed two lives on Saturday in Bangalore. After Aftab Alam, 21, a resident of Nagavara and Manjula, 26, a resident of Mahadevapura, (both in East Bangalore) died of suspected dengue, the toll of dengue deaths in the city touched seven since July 20.However, the state health department is in denial. As per the records of the department of communicable diseases, health and family welfare department, 10 people have died of dengue in Karnataka so far, of which three are in Bangalore (two in Bangalore Urban and one in Bangalore Rural). The number of positive cases has risen from 871 to 1184 between July 24 and July 27.Said Dr H Sudarshan Ballal, medical director,Manipal Hospitals: \"The situation is far more serious than it appears. Since June this year, we've been seeing a ten-fold increase in dengue-like cases in our hospital.Only the government can confirm if it's dengue or not.Many senior doctors in our hospital too were treated for symptoms of dengue. It's a preventable disease and if government takes timely steps in controlling the virus, we can save many lives.\"Big hospitals in Bangalore are getting at least one or two positive cases of dengue every day. Hospitals also get about 10-12 blood samples of suspected dengue cases every day. \"Piling up of garbage and stagnant water following rain are the two main reasons for increased mosquito breeding in the city. Besides this, monsoon is a peak season for viruses like dengue.The government should be alert in such situations,\" said Dr George D'-Souza, chief medical officer, St. John's Hospital. Two patients died of dengue shock syndrome at this hospital last week. Hospitals also said reports of confirmed dengue cases and dengue deaths are sent to the government every day. \"We get about 10-12 samples of suspected dengue fever, of which at least 1-2 are positive. We're informing the government, they have to act on it,\" said a microbiologist from a private hospital.Dr Devi Shetty, chairman, Narayana Hrudayalaya, said: \"Apart from the government, citizens should take the initiative to maintain cleanliness. We must take up massive cleaning specially in areas where mosquitoes are breeding.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15244678", "title": "PWD submits report on potholed road repair", "text": "KOLKATA: A few weeks after TOI reported on the precarious state of the PWD Road which links Rajarhat New Town with Bantala, the state PWD sent a preliminary report to the Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation (Hidco) for repairing the important stretch.Hidco chairman cum managing director Debashis Sen discussed the project with PWD officials at Writers Buildings on Wednesday. \"We discussed about the cost sharing for the project,\" Sen said.Earlier, Hidco had finished work for the east-west major arterial road that runs parallel to the site that has been earmarked for the Infosys and Wipro projects. This road connects with the PWD Road that links North and South 24-Parganas and ends on the Basanti Road near the Bantala leather complex. The Bantala IT hub is located here.Sen had received a letter from Cognizant Technology Solutions (CTS) earlier praising Hidco's efforts to build the east-west arterial road. The letter stated that the completion of this road was very important for them since it had enabled an alternative access to the Bantala IT park besides the Basanti Highway. However, the employees who come to Bantala using the PWD Road also complained of the stretch being in a terrible condition and that it needed immediate repair.In view of the complaints that were pouring in regarding the potholed stretch, Sen had written to the state PWD last month about the need to repair the PWD Road that connects Bhojerhat in Bantala to Action Area III of New Town. Sen had also spoken to PWD secretary Ajit Ranjan Bardhan and had asked him to look into the appalling condition of the road so that it could be repaired soon.Following Sen's instructions, Bardhan sent a preliminary project report to Hidco. The report mentions that the stretch is about 6-kilometer long and it will cost around Rs 16 crore to widen and strengthen it. In Wednesday's meeting, the officials also discussed whether Hidco will be able to share the cost with PWD. The proposal will be taken up in detail in the Hidco board meeting slated for next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15246599", "title": "Opposition to raise special debate in assembly on state Olympics team", "text": "RANCHI: The chief minister's decision to send senior officials to London Olympics as part of the state delegation has given opposition parties an opportunity to corner the government at a time when the ruling alliance is divided on the matter.The opposition parties are set to grill the state government in the monsoon session of the assembly beginning July 31. The Olympics delegation is headed by deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahato and comprises the chief secretary and the principal secretary to the chief minister among others.Leader of the opposition Rajendra Prasad Singh said he would request the speaker for a special debate on the topic because the chief minister had allowed the officials when the state was on the verge of a drought. \"It appears that the chief minister and his officials are not concerned for welfare of people of Jharkhand. The matter will be raised in the assembly and we will seek an explanation from the government,\" said Singh.Most parts of the state has received around 20% less than normal monsoon and farmers have failed to raise seedling in most districts because of lack of adequate water.\"The chief minister should have realized that the state is facing a tough situation because of continuous agitation against land acquisition for Indian Institute of Management-Ranchi, Indian Institute of Information Technology and National University for Study and Research in Law. The high court is also keeping an eye on every development, yet the senior officials were allowed as if they are of no use or they are not accountable. We will seek an explanation from the government in the monsoon session,\" Singh added.Deputy chief minister Hemant Soren joined the opposition and expressed concern over officials going to London at a crucial time. Hemant is also leader of the JMM in the assembly.\"A delegation of the JMM has met the chief minister and even conveyed the displeasure expressed by our party chief Shibu Soren . I also feel that the senior officials should have stayed back,\" said Hemant.However, a senior official said the delegation had gone to London after getting a formal request from the Centre to send a team. \"The tour was planned well in advance and was known to everyone in the government. If someone had objection, it should have been raised before the tour was sanctioned by the chief minister,\" said the officer on the objection raised by the JMM which is a part of the ruling alliance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15244520", "title": "Rights violation fears keep police away", "text": "KOLKATA: Drug addicts are the worst troublemakers in custody, say police. Most of these addicts roam about scot free because they might prove dangerous for fellow inmates if put behind bars.\"They might attack other accused. Often they hide razors under their tongues and slash their wrists at the time of withdrawal. At times we end up spending the entire day in a hospital so that the person in custody survives. We try to hand them over to drug rehabilitation NGOs. But most often the NGO do not give them much attention and care. Frankly speaking, we lack the infrastructure to deal with drug addicts,\" said an officer.With neither the means nor the patience to deal with them, the addicts are found taking drugs out in the open on roads. They are equally aware of the psyche of police and the ways to scare them away. The moment police come closer to them, these addicts cut off their veins. In order to avoid violation of human rights, themen in uniform are forced to back off and let them free. \"It is not that we don't arrest drug addicts who commit crime. But we take certain precautionary measures in the custody,\" said joint commissioner (crime) Pallab Kanti Ghosh,who ensured a number of such addicts were sent to drug rehab centres irrespective of the threat they posed.During the anti-drug campaign, police picked up more than 20 drug abuse victims from Free School Street and Totte Lane areas and put them in drug rehab centres. But within 20 days of being admitted, they were let off. A stint at these centres for a few weeks made no difference to the addicts. They came out and went back to taking drugs with a renewed zeal.Most of these addicts belong to the lower strata of the society and often indulge in petty crimes to finance their drug habits. \"I cannot do anything.Withdrawal symptoms are killing.\" said Manzar Ali, a ragpicker, who survives on theft and odd jobs. \"My family lives in Park Circus. I am ousted for my bad habit.We know we won't survive long. Death is the only relief we are waiting for,\" said Balai Raut, Manzar's friend.Their entire earning is spent in buying drugs, also known as 'puria' colloquially.With no money left to buy food, most of them survive only on tea. \"We get drugs which give us a kick on empty stomachs,\" said Michael, a regular at a Scott Lane corner. Mainak (name changed), an art college student who fell victim to this low-cost street drug abuse in the late Nineties, came back to the lair of Michael to 'chase the dragon'.'Chasing the dragon' is the addict's term of taking the heroin puff on a thin strip of aluminum foil. \"You light a match stick below the strip. The white powder will turn black and run along the aluminum strip. Chasing the blackened liquid for a strong puff is the favourite game of a heroin addict,\" saod Mainak. Addicts often become small-time criminals.Incidents of eve-teasing, group clashes, assault and impulsive murders increase with drug abuse. With most drug users being in the productive age group of 18-35 years, the loss in terms of human potential is incalculable, said Brinda Basu,who has done extensive research on the impact of drug-abuse on the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15244919", "title": "Jaswant Singh ahead of Hamid Ansari on assets' front", "text": "LUCKNOW: The stakes are undoubtedly high in the 14th vice-presidential election as a career diplomat is pitched against a former officer of the Indian Army. Interestingly, both the contestants had served terms in the Rajya Sabha, while Congress-backed Mohammad Hamid Ansari is the Chairman of the Rajya Sabha, Jaswant Singh was the leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha in 2004. Academically, both the political veterans are well qualified and enjoy worldwide exposure. However, when it comes to the comparison of assets, Jaswant Singh is far ahead of his rival.According to the asset details of the Vice-President put up by the office of the Vice-President of India, Ansari's totals assets amount to Rs 77,66,780.62. This excludes the un-assessed and undivided share (alongwith six others) in ancestral property consisting of a house built around 1922 and a mango garden located at Qasba Yusufpur, district Ghazipur, UP.On the other hand, the total assets of Jaswant Singh, as per the information displayed on myneta.info put up by Delhi-based Association for Democratic Reforms after the 2009 general elections, hover in the range of Rs 8 crore (Rs 8,35,71,845). The BJP-supported vice-presidential candidate, who is also the sitting MP from West Bengal's Darjeeling constituency, has a liability of Rs 7 lakh (Rs 7,44,864), which he had taken from HDFC Bank.Even the total worth of silver and gold jewellery owned by Jaswant's wife Sheetal Kumari is more than that of Hamid Ansari's wife Salma Ansari. The total worth of 583 gm jewellery and 7 kg silver utensils, which Sheetal possess is Rs 8,86,160, while the purchase coast of Salma Ansari's jewellery is Rs 6,00,000. While, Jaswant and Sheetal own a TAFE 35 tractor, a Fiat car, and Innova &amp; Uno respectively, the current Vice-President does not own any vehicle.The Vice-President owns a 120-sq metre apartment at IFS Cooperative Group Housing Society, Mayur Vihar Phase-I, Delhi.The year of acquisition is 1989 and its purchase cost was Rs 3,75,000. Similarly, the cost of the plot situated in Dehradun , which measures 752 sq metres and was purchased in 1997 is Rs 3,00,000. He also has an un-assessed and undivided share (alongwith six others) in ancestral property consisting of a house built around 1922, and a mango garden in Ghazipur's Qasba Yusufpur.Ansari also has Rs 46,00,000 as investments in mutual funds. He has fixed deposits in SBI worth Rs 17,22,228. The Vice-President has three bank accounts (two in SBI and one with Standard Chartered Bank ), and as per his office's website, he possesses total cash of Rs 7,09,552.62.The total cash with BJP-supported Jaswant Singh and his wife after 2009 Lok Sabha elections were Rs 41,300, while the deposits in the bank are worth Rs 63,15,999. They also have Rs 10,19,716 as bonds, debentures and shares in companies, and motor vehicles (four) worth Rs 11,05,000.The combined worth of the jewellery is Rs 11,91,260. They also have deposits with a Jodhpur-based hotel group worth Rs 16,23,570. On the immovable assets' front, Singh and his wife have agriculture land, whose value is Rs 71,25,000. The total worth of houses which the couple possess is Rs 6,51,50,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15253235", "title": "Mohanlal at the Olympics", "text": "Malayalam superstar Mohanlal is currently the envy of many sports buffs in India. The actor is now in London, where he is catching the Olympics live!The actor, who recently underwent some Ayurvedic rejuvenation and is also looking dapper with losing nearly six kilograms. The actor recently posted pictures of himself and his wife Suchitra from London on his Twitter page.The actor was there to catch the opening ceremony of the London Olympics, who has been directed by Oscar-winning maker Danny Boyle . Mohanlal posted twio pictures, one of his wife and him outside his hotel, while the other one was inside the stadium.It seems the actor had many of his fans recognizing him there, which even included a Pakistani security officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "aizawl", "code": "15245522", "title": "Serchhip DC made excess payments to landowners: CAG", "text": "AIZAWL: The district collector of Serchhip in central Mizoram made excess payments to the tune of Rs 164.17 lakh to two landowners for compensation on acquisition of land during 2010, according to the latest report of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India presented at the state assembly.The report said the state government acquired 85 acre of land at Dawngzawl area in Serchhip district for the Border Security Force (BSF) after payment of compensation amounting to Rs 1,960.49 lakh to four landowners. The four landowners claimed compensation for value of land, crops, interest and 30% solatium. While the total value of land, crop and interest was placed at Rs 1,525.48 lakh, the supplementary award in the form of the solatium was to the tune of Rs 435.01 lakh.On receipt of the awarded value of Rs 1,960.49 lakh from the BSF, the district collector duly disbursed the same to the four interested persons and handed over the land to the BSF on October 19, 2010, the CAG report said.Scrutiny of the records of the collector's office revealed that of the four interested persons, two - B Vanlalhruaia and C Lalhmangaihsanga - had submitted their claims in response to the notice under section 9 of the Land Acquisition Act, 1894, for payment of Rs 480 lakh and Rs 450 lakh respectively towards the value of land and standing crops. Against their claims, the district collector (deputy commissioner) of Serchhip district irregularly pronounced compensation of Rs 768.41 lakh and Rs 653.12 lakh to B Vanlalhruaia and C Lalhmangaihsanga respectively. \"Accordingly, based on the value of compensation (compensation of land and damage of crops) so determined in access of their claims, the collector calculated the interest and solatium in excess of actual payable amount,\" the CAG report says.The report adds that as per the claims of the two land-owners under Section 9 of the Land Acquisition Act, 1894, a total compensation of Rs 1,257.36 lakh was payable to them, against which the collector had irregularly awarded a compensation of Rs 1,421.53 lakh which resulted in an excess compensation payment of Rs 164.17 lakh.The reported scam of the compensation on the acquisition of land for the BSF which rocked the state during 2010-11 almost fizzled out but the CAG report revived the controversy giving a salvo for the opposition of the state as Mizoram goes to assembly polls by the later part of next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15243150", "title": "Haryana seeks Rs 900 crore from Centre", "text": "GURGAON: Facing drought-like conditions, Haryana may seek over Rs 900 crore as package from the Centre as it expects expenditure to go up significantly on providing \"costlier\" power to the farm sector for saving kharif crops.Though the agrarian state is yet to finalize details of package which may also include bonus to be demanded on paddy, the Bhupinder Singh Hooda government is spending \"heavily\" on purchasing power to complete the sowing as the state faces about 70% deficient rain this year.\"We are still working out the details... but we feel the extra expenditure on providing power to the farm sector may exceed Rs 900 crore,\" a senior official of the Haryana agriculture department said. Notably, Punjab has already sought interim relief package of Rs 800 crore from the Centre in the wake of poor rain.Haryana at present is purchasing power at a cost of Rs 12.22 per unit, pegging the daily purchase at Rs 11-12 crore. \"If we calculate the power at present cost for supplying power during August, September and till second week of October, the power bill will reach Rs 900 crore,\" he said adding that a sum of Rs 350 crore had already been spent on buying power.The main concern of the Haryana government is to give power to paddy growers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "15245705", "title": "Chopper snag holds PM up in Guwahati for two hours", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The helicopter in which Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was travelling to the riot-hit Kokrajhar from Lokapriya Gopinath Bordoloi international airport in Guwahati on Saturday morning had to return to base after about 10 minutes of flight following a reported technical snag. Singh arrived in Guwahati from New Delhi at 10.25am and boarded an IAF helicopter. The PM's entourage had three choppers, which took off a few minutes later, andwere scheduled to reach Kokrajhar at around 11am.Officials waiting for the PM at Kokrajhar said that his arrival would be delayed as his chopper had to be taken back to Guwahati. \"We were told that this was due to bad weather, but updates said the helicopter had developed some technical problems,\" a source said. The Prime Minister spent the next two hours at the Guwahati airport before taking the chopper again to Kokrajhar, which about 300km west of Guwahati.The prime minister was accompanied by chief minister Tarun Gogoi, AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh and PCC president Bhubaneswar Kalita. Though AICC president Sonia Gandhi was also scheduled to visit, her plans were changed at the last minute, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15245927", "title": "Bus Rapid Transit routes in Pimpri-Chinchwad to get Intelligent Traffic System", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has decided to implement the Intelligent Traffic System (ITS) for effective implementation of Bus Rapid Transit project.With ITS, buses and bus terminals will have an information system in place. It will also facilitate automatic fare collection. ITS will also help manage frequency of buses on various routes in an efficient way.Shrikant Savane, executive engineer, engineering department, PCMC, said, \"LED boards giving information about the bus timings and route map will be installed at the bus stations on BRTS routes. Passengers will be given information about the area where any particular bus is plying. Passenger information system will be available through simple SMS or other means of communication''.\"The ITS system will help the PMPML management to prepare bus and crew schedules. It will inform the officials about the number of buses plying, the number of passengers they are carrying and would also generate revenue collection reports,\" said Savana.Savane said there would be off-board ticketing facility. Passengers would have to take pre-paid ticket cards which they can swipe at the destinations. This facility is available in the BRTS system at Ahmedabad, he said.PCMC will start two BRTS routes -- Pune-Mumbai highway and Aundh-Ravet road - in the first phase. The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) and PCMC will share the cost of the ITS system on pro-rata basis which is proportionate to the amount of bus stations, buses and number of kilometers of BRT routes in their municipal limits.On Tuesday, the PCMC standing committee approved a short notice resolution giving approval for the appointment of a project consultant for the implementation of ITS system. According to the proposal, the civic body will develop 45-km long BRT routes and 90 BRT bus stations under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission(JNNURM) scheme.The Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limted (PMPML) has bought 800 buses for the BRT routes (600 for PMC limits and 200 for PCMC limits). The PMC has appointed a project consultant for implementing the ITS system in its limits. The consultant conducts the pre-bid and post process for the implementation of the ITS system.A PCMC official said, \"Around four to five months will be required to complete the pre-bid process. Later, it will require another one year to set-up the ITS system.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15242590", "title": "Gujarat riots, Babri Masjid razing footage used to swell terror ranks: Abu Jundal", "text": "MUMBAI: Footage of the atrocities committed against Muslims in the 2002 Gujarat riots, the demolition of Babri Masjid , the encounters in Kashmir is being used to indoctrinate youngsters in terror groups, Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal said.Some camps, which train terror operatives in how to operate arms, are still active on the border with Pakistan, claims Jundal, a key accused in the 26/11 attacks and Aurangabad arms haul case.Earlier, he told the Delhi police special cell that Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) members were planning a major attack in Kashmir and revive militancy in the strife-torn region. Jundal said after he completed his BSc, he met an LeT operative (name withheld), who converted him to Ahl al-Hadith, a sect which follows stricter ways of Islam. In 2005, he first met the man at Hotel Tawa in Aurangabad. \"I was shown the footage of atrocities on Muslims in the aftermath of the Godhra riots, and how youths were killed being in encounters and women raped in Kashmir. I decided to take revenge,\" he confessed.Jundal, who hails from Beed district was deported from Saudi Arabia and arrested by the Delhi police special cell last month. He has also disclosed the names of many Indian terrorists in Pakistan. Sources claimed, Jundal was in his twenties when the riots broke out in Gujarat and during this period he became a member of the Students' Islamic Movement of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15246351", "title": "Tribal youths in Maoist-hit Khunti take to lac cultivation", "text": "RANCHI: Around 30 youths in Maoist-affected Khunti district have become agricultural entrepreneurs. These tribal youths have, in turn, found jobs for hundreds of co-villagers. The agricultural entrepreneurs are engaged in growing lac in Murhu block of the district where a record production of lac this year has resulted in annual income of Rs 70,000 for each family.Indian Council of Forestry Research and Education (ICFRE) director general V K Bahuguna had recently visited the sites in Khunti and appreciated the agricultural entrepreneurship.It is for the first time that Buddu Munda, a villager, has been so happy. \"Lac cultivation has started in my village once again. Now I have support from government agencies and the cultivation is good,\" said Munda, who has grown around 1.5 quintals of lac on around 30 trees. The scrap lac (non-mother-insects) is sold at Rs 500 to Rs 600 per kg. The brood lac is sold for Rs 1,000 to 1,500 per kg.Institute of Forest Productivity and United Nations Development Programme support the lac production here. Binod Kumar Horo of Society for Participatory Action and Reflection (SPAR), an NGO engaged in the process, said, \"The change has been witnessed in Bari, Jiwri, Gutuhatu, Kitahatu, Janumpidhi, Lumlumaa, and other villages where lac is being cultivated under a unique \"Biodiversity Conservation through Community based Natural Resources Management\" programme.A large number of lac host trees are found in Murhu block. The main source of living for these villagers was lac cultivation, doing odd jobs in towns or selling wood or tree produce and periodic agriculture. Spectre of drought and lack of irrigation had deprived the villagers from growing paddy ( paddy is grown only once in a year). In the last nine years tribals were unable to grow lac due to the lack of brood lac (mother insects).The brood lac was supplied to the villages from IFP that has resulted in the revolution. \"The failure of lac cultivation had taken the lead to a starvation-like situation. Now, we not only eat enough we also sleep well,\" said Sanika Munda of Bari village. Sanika has grown around two quintals lac on 35 to 40 trees and earned around Rs 2 lakh.Director general of ICFRE V K Bahuguna, who recently visited the sites in Khunti, was happy. During a press conference Bahuguna had even appreciated the development.IFP director Rameshwar Das said the IFP had supported the programme with brood lac. \"I am very happy. The environment is conducive for lac production. The lac produced are healthy and have good value in market,\" Das added.Dero Munda, a middle-aged farmer, has grown lac on some 25 trees. \"The produce is handsome. I have grown somewhere around 1.25 quintals of lac which has fetched me Rs 80,000,\" said Munda.Murhu is a village dominated by Munda tribe. Notrot Purty, head of Bari village, said because of the development the migration of youth has stopped by a huge number.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15238659", "title": "Rahul will do very well in government or party: Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union home minister P Chidambaram has expressed confidence that Rahul Gandhi will do very well in whatever role he chooses to undertake.Replying to a question in a TV interview about the statement of Congress MPs that Rahul be made the leader of Lok Sabha, the home minister said, \"Why not? Mr Gandhi can accept an office in government or in the party or in the House. I am sure that he will do very well in any of these places.\"The demand of ten Congress MPs, who wrote to party chief Sonia Gandhi expressing their wish that Rahul be appointed the leader of House, came amid continuing uncertainty over whether the Congress heir apparent, upon his elevation, will continue within the organization or switch to the government.Although the odds overwhelmingly favour his continuing association with the party in a bigger role, Rahul himself confounded the conundrum when he, replying to a question, did not rule out the possibility of moving to the government.Interestingly, in the interview, Chidambaram said that the final decision on the issue will be that of Congress president Sonia Gandhi, who will consult Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. \"But whoever would be appointed to this or that post is the decision that only the Congress president in consultation with the Prime Minister can take,\" said Chidambaram, adding, \"but I think we would welcome him in any post\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15246101", "title": "Overcrowding or problem of plenty ails PGI?", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Despite over 1,700 doctors, dedicated centres like advanced trauma centre, advanced cardiac centre and a neurology centre in the offing - patients coming from the northern region endlessly wait for their turn. PGI repeatedly blames overcrowding and this has been cited as the cause for Anupama's death.Taking a look at the budget and financial resources, the institute is self-sufficient for managing the \"over crowd\". This year the PGI has been allocated Rs 546 crore as against Rs 456 crore. This includes Rs 161 crore in planned and Rs 385 crore in non-planned categories. Last year, the budget including planned and non-planned was Rs 456 crore. The recent allocation has been for purchase of advance equipment, capital projects, modernization, and complete computerization of the PGI.It was highlighted by TOI previously too on lack of a vision which has been crumbling the PGI which is full of resources sans an insight.There are 1,350 residents in the PGI and 477 faculty, 105 vacant and 150 have been asked under reservation. At any given time, not more than 75 doctors are posted on rotation in all OTs. Also, there are some 15 doctors in the emergency. So at a time those who are not in these OTs or emergencies, 1,400 medicos are engaged in the services. There are departments like virology, microbiology, anatomy, and biochemistry, among others. Their strength is around 200,\" noted a faculty.1,350 doctors are available for 5,000 OPD patients. From 8am until 9, the residents are in classrooms after which they attend the OPD. The second academic session starts in some of the departments from 3pm until 5pm. Going by these figures on an average some 6 hours are consumed in the OPDs which are usually spent in asking the patient to get various tests done and deposit the fees in different counters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15246221", "title": "Grey Indians stay active, prove age is just a number", "text": "MUMBAI: Two real-life events involving screen idol Amitabh Bachchan highlighted how differently the current generation of senior-citizen Indians are ageing. Bachchan, a couple of months shy of his 70th birthday, who underwent a major surgery a few months back, ran 300 metres with the Olympic torch on London's streets on Thursday. And, a week before that, he walked through a jostling m o b at a c t o r Rajesh Khanna's funeral. C l e a rly, post-retirement Indians today are much fitter than they were only a decade back because of fundamental changes in their lifestyle. In Mumbai's annual marathons, a group of senior citizens , either with artificial joints or stents in their hearts, have attempted the 7-km Dream Run, a handful completing the half marathon of 21 km.\"Today age is a just a number,'' says Dr Aashish Contractor, preventive cardiologist with Asian Heart Institute in Bandra-Kurla Complex who trained many of these New Age oldies for the marathon. He spells out the modern mantra: \"There is something like biological aging but a large part of it is to do with how we take care or don't take care of our health.''Moreover, modern India's age expectancy has increased to 72 in recent years. \"Due to access to better healthcare facilities and medicines , people are living longer. Many diseases\u2014be it heart, Parkinson's or certain forms of cancer - can now be treated even among septuagenarians and above,'' said a doctor with a civic hospital.While British centenarian Fauza Singh, who also carried the Olympics torch, is an exception to be healthy even at 103, many Mumbaikars are healthy well into their 80s. \"We have thousands of examples of people in their eighties who are leading an active and healthy life. They exhibit a good combination of physical and mental activity ,'' said Dr Contractor.In fact, the World Health Organisation's World Health Day this year focused on the need to promote active ageing. WHO said efforts should be made to promote the participation of older people. \"Some of the stereotypes will change as more older people start to live lives that vary from previous norms. Already older people make major contributions in fields as diverse as business, the arts and public service. This is likely to become much more widespread as populations age,'' said WHO policy makers.Dr Contrator said the key is to stay active. \"It is important to have something to look forward to.''Young at heartAn older person who actively walks can cut down hisher risk for heart attacks, diabetes, osteoporosis, high blood pressure, high cholesterol, colon cancer and more Eating right keeps the bones and muscles strong and helps a good night's sleep It's important to have a task or hobby that keeps one mentally busy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15243476", "title": "25 years on, IPKF awaits a fitting tribute back home", "text": "This day, 25 years ago, the India-Sri Lanka Accord (ISLA) was signed by then Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi and President Junius Jayawardene to end the ethnic conflict in Sri Lanka peacefully. India willy-nilly became the guarantor for the Indian Peace Keeping Force (IPKF) disarming the LTTE in lieu of Sri Lanka devolving power to the minority Tamils.Invited by Sri Lanka, IPKF became the instrument for implementing ISLA. Two and a half years after the accord, with 1200 soldiers lost and nearly 2500 wounded, the IPKF was unceremoniously withdrawn with ISLA in tatters. Then Tamil Nadu CM M Karunanidhi renamed the IPKF as ITKF \u2014 Indian Tamil Killing Force. That is the residual public perception of India's first out-of-area military intervention and coercive diplomacy.Three years ago, with India's passive and active help, Sri Lanka finally disarmed the LTTE through a comprehensive military defeat but the ethnic question, the rationale for ISLA and IPKF, remains unresolved. In a letter written to the author after the military victory, a serving Sri Lanka army commander wrote: \"The work started by you has been finished by us.\" Lt Gen Hamilton Wanasinghe, the Sri Lanka artillery (SLA) chief during the IPKF days, had earlier written in a letter that \"were India to leave us alone, Sri Lanka would sort out the LTTE.\"Not without its inherent shortcomings, especially with one hand tied at the back, the IPKF was made the scapegoat for the failure of India's coercive diplomacy. New Delhi's decision to intervene in Sri Lanka was triggered by overarching strategic reasons: the presence of foreign military and intelligence agencies inimical to India; domestic politics in Tamil Nadu; the dangerous internal security situation likely to arise in south India from the Sri Lankan army operations against the LTTE; and generally not mentioned \u2014 deflecting attention from the Bofors scam.The ISLA ceremony in Colombo was marked by the assault on Gandhi by a Sri Lankan sailor of the Honour Guard. Dissent within the United National Party government over ISLA was suppressed. Both Jayewardene and LTTE supremo Prabhakaran were inveigled into accepting the accord, though some claim it was the other way round. India was drawn into a trap to do Colombo's dirty work.The ISLA was signed in great haste with India becoming not only the signatory but also its guarantor. President Jayewardene was strangely nominated CinC of IPKF which was dispatched with equal haste, lack of preparedness and abysmal intelligence. The flawed assessment claimed that the LTTE would surrender their arms whereas it waged a well-planned insurgency which completely surprised the IPKF.Lacking forethought, a clear mandate, proper contingency planning, a decisive chain of command and an exit policy, the IPKF arrived with much fanfare in Jaffna. Absence of a political consensus and popular support at home were to compound its problems. For example, no one had factored in that 'friend' LTTE would turn foe and that elections in both countries in 1989 would result in change of governments. Conscientous objector, Ranasinghe Premadasa became president and soon did a deal with Prabhakaran to evict the IPKF. As CinC, he ordered it to withdraw\u2014 or face the SLA.Despite these enormous hurdles, IPKF did a commendable job: prevented Eelam and the breakup of Sri Lanka, with India underwriting its sovereignty and territorial integrity; restored the democratic process and institutions in the Tamil north and east, illustrated by holding of three elections; maintained the merger of the north and east through ISLA enabled the 13th amendment and formation of the northeast provincial council which gave Tamils the first taste of self governance. And, most of all, while IPKF weakened the LTTE, it allowed the SLA to defeat the Janatha Vimukthi Peramuna urban insurgency in the south.The month-long conventional battle of Jaffna and the 20-month short counter-insurgency campaign produced tactical lessons for the Indian Army, especially from LTTE's brilliant use of IEDs which were responsible for 70% of IPKF casualties. The Indian government blundered over its political calculations on time and resources required to alter the behaviour of the LTTE. Lack of a cohesive policy at the apex level and inadequate coordination at the operational level robbed the IPKF of greater success in its mission. Unfortunately, the lessons of the expeditionary campaign, like previous military encounters, lie buried in government closets.Protesting Buddhist monks outside the Indian high commission in Colombo have demonstrated Lanka's prescient India policy: after the deal with Prabhakaran in 1989, their placards read 'IPKF go back'; following the catastrophic defeat of SLA at Elephant Pass in 2000 it was 'IPKF come back'. And during the military rout of the LTTE in 2009, 'IPKF stay out'. Still, Sri Lanka has constructed a memorial to the IPKF in the heart of Colombo. India not doing the same is the ultimate ignominy for the IPKF.The author is a retired major general of the Indian Army, a former GOC IPKF South and founder member of Defence Planning Staff", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "gnd stadium", "code": "15246026", "title": "Ludhiana cagers open National Basketball Association meet with win", "text": "GND STADIUM: Guru Nanak Dev Stadium was abuzz with action as the Ludhiana leg of Mahindra NBA Challenge got off to a rousing start with the home team, Ludhiana Basketball Academy, registering an easy victory of 102-15 against Khalsa International School, Potohar, on Saturday.Dildar stole the show among the Ludhianvi boys, scoring 30 points for his team, but the Khalsa International team was visibly overpowered by their opponents by a major margin.The opening day of Mahindra NBA Challenge, which was partially marred by rain, proved a lucky one for Navbharti Public School as the team registered an easy victory against Doraha Public School by 64-7. Sports School, Jalandhar grabbed a share of the spotlight, hammering KVM, Civil Lines, by 56-3. But, the match of the day was played between PAU Model School and Guru Nanak International School, which witnessed the latter team edge past the opponent in a thrilling contest that ended at 45-44.About 300-odd spectators were treated to some fine shooting from Amritsar player Yadwinder, whose 25 points earned his team a comfortable 65-50 victory over Faridkot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15254848", "title": "'From Sydney with Love' to be premiered in Australia", "text": "Debutante filmmaker Prateek Chakraborty's Hindi-English comedy \" From Sydney with Love\", which deals with culture shock experienced by an Indian student Down Under, will have its world premiere in Australia.Prateek, grandson of late Hindi film director Promod Chakraborty, told PTI his film had been shot in Australia and Santiniketan in West Bengal.The film would be premiered on August 1 at Ritchie Theatre in the University of New South Wales with a red carpet reception befitting its campus story theme.Two days later, it will be released in that country and in India simultaneously.\"From Sydney With Love\" tells the story of a small town girl from West Bengal who accepts a scholarship in New South Wales to pursue her post-graduation.There she makes friends including Lubaina, prankster Raj and Suhail and also Rohit, a friendly fellow student in the university.\"In Australia extensive shooting was done in the Sydney Opera House, University of New South Wales, Bondi beach, Cicular Quay and Central Station, the director said.The film was also shot extensively at Bolpur in Santiniketan from where the student hails, Chakroborty said.\"We needed to keep in focus these two places, one representing the cultural values of the east and the other representing those of the west,\" he said on the sidelines of a press meet last evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15245038", "title": "Goa spent 61.36cr on beach safety in last 3 years", "text": "PANAJI: The safety belt on the beaches come with a huge cost to the exchequer. For, every tourist who jumps into the water for joy puts his/her life in danger. Lifeguards have managed to save many lives on the coastline, but they account for 30% of the budgetary allocation for the Goa tourism department during the last three years.Of the 214.85 crore allocated to the tourism department during 2009-12, 61.36 crore has been paid to Drishti for providing lifeguard services and night patrolling on some beaches.This was revealed by tourism minister Dilip Parulekar in reply to a starred question of Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai.The tourism minister stated that the equipment were inspected by the captain of ports and certified as \"fit for operation.\" Also, the officials of the department of tourism inspected the beaches to confirm the physical existence of the equipment.Parulekar stated that no extension of lifeguard contract has been done so far, but night safety patrol contract has been extended. The night safety patrol contract has been extended for three different terms so far, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15242629", "title": "Truck with 18 Maruti car engines stolen", "text": "GURGAON: A truck loaded with 18 Maruti car engines was stolen by unidentified men, who had also allegedly beaten up the driver before fleeing with the vehicle, near Nawada village on Friday night. The truck was going towards the Gurgaon plant of Maruti Suzuki India Ltd. (MSIL) from the Suzuki Powertrain plant of MSIL Manesar. Manesar police have lodged an FIR based on the statement of the driver.\"We have lodged an FIR and investigations are on,\" said Om Prakash, SHO, Manesar. The driver, Amit Kumar left the Manesar plant of MSIL around 7:20pm. However, when his transporter called him, his mobile phone was switched off. At this point, the owner of the truck, other transporters and the members of the truck transport welfare association, IMT Manesar, started searching for the truck. They found the injured driver with a piece of cloth stuffed in his mouth. He was taken to a private hospital and was discharged on Saturday after a minor fracture on his hand and leg.\"The driver told the police that the robbers had come in an auto. They signalled the truck to stop and when he stopped, they pulled Kumar out and beat him up brutally before fleeing in the truck,\" said a senior cop.Meanwhile, the SIT of Gurgaon police has arrested two more people who were members of the executive committee of the MSIL workers' union in connection with last week's violence in Maruti's Manesar plant. The arrested were identified as Sumit Nain, resident of Narwana in Jind district and Vikas Verma, resident of Chachrauli village in Haryana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15246715", "title": "Panjab University Teachers' Association polls: Filing of papers starts", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the run up to the Panjab University Teachers' Association (PUTA) election, rigorous campaign has kicked off for nomination process.One of the groups submitted their nominations papers for the PUTA election 2012. Ravi K Mahajan from University School of Open Learning is their presidential candidate. Yog Raj Angrish from Punjabi department is the vice-presidential candidate and for posts of secretary, joint secretary and treasurer, Devinder Singh from faculty of laws, Anju Rao from botany department and Parveen Goyal from UIET have filed nominations.Devinder Singh said that the team had filed nominations for all 18 posts for PUTA elections.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "15245312", "title": "Heavy rains inundate parts of Ujjain city", "text": "UJJAIN: Heavy rains that lashed the city in the last 24 hours inundated several low-lying areas of the city. Mahakal, Nilganga and KD Gate are some of the areas that were flooded due to the heavy rains. Meteorological department sources said that the city received nearly 76 mm of rains.The Kshipra (Choti Rapat) at Ramghat area has been over flowing and the administration issued warning to the people, who are residing in the low-lying areas, to move to safe areas. Government sources say that the instructions have been issued owing to constant rise in the water level in the river.Heavy rains in Barnagar, Khachrod, Nagada , Agar tehsil of Ujjain district resulted in the road blockade on small bridges due to over flow water.Meanwhile, traffic on Sehore-Ashta road remained cut off as Parvati river is in spate following heavy rains last night. Sehore-Bilakisganj, Kannod road also remained cut off as culverts remained inundated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15244436", "title": "Cargo factory fire guts parcels", "text": "BANGALORE: Materials in a cargo factory were completely gutted when an accidental fire broke out near Vijayanagar satellite bus stop in Bytarayanapura, off Mysore, early Saturday morning. Police said that no casualties were reported.The fire department personnel with 10 fire tenders, battled for nearly five hours to extinguish the fire, which broke out at 8am. \"In the process, some of the fire personnel sustained minor injuries,\" police said. The godown is spread over half an acre. Parcels including electronic valuables, clothes, stationeries, furniture and other valuables, which had come from different parts of the country, have completely been destroyed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15246094", "title": "Shivpal Singh Yadav orders probe against engineers", "text": "KANPUR: PWD minister Shivpal Singh Yadav conducted surprise inspection of Ganga barrage and a bridge under construction over Ganga in Bithoor on Saturday. Yadav, who also holds the irrigation portfolio, came down heavily on the officials of irrigation department for lackadaisical approach towards work.Yadav ordered to attach superintending engineer Ranvir Singh, executive engineer A C Sharma, assistant engineers Rashid Murtaza and O P Chaudhary and junior engineers Sarvesh Kumar Shukla and Umesh Chandra with the headquarters of the irrigation department. He instructed to inquire into the functioning of these officials and initiate action against them.Earlier, the minister conducted the aerial inspection of the bridge under construction in Bithoor and visited Ganga barrage.He expressed dissatisfaction over the quality of the work at the barrage. He held the previous BSP government responsible for poor development of barrage.Yadav also inspected the workshop of the irrigation department. He found irregularities there. The machines and equipment kept there had developed. Some equipment were lying under the open sky.The minister found that the managers of four branches of Bhoomi Vikas Bank were not present.The manager of District Cooperative Bank was not present. Yadav asked the officials to ascertain the reason for their absence and initiate disciplinary action.When newspersons queried Yadav about the expulsion of Shahid Siddiqui from Samajwadi Party, the minister feigned ignorance and questioned 'Who is he?'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15245425", "title": "Gang rape case: SUV, 'local' CDs seized", "text": "PATNA: Police seized more than 10 pornographic CDs, most of them locally made, from flat No. 301, Rambha Apartment, Rajvanshinagar, here on Friday. The white colour SUV, which was used to carry gang rape victim Ria (name changed) to the apartment, was also seized by the police from the Ashiana Nagar locality.Police suspected Sushant Paswan, who used to stay in the flat along with household help Dinesh was running a flesh trade racket. \"Suresh used to make friends with local young boys and provided them a flat to spend some time with their girlfriends,\" said a police officer, adding young couples were easily lured to Sushant's trap.Police are ascertaining whether the locally made pornographic CDs were shot with hidden camera or with the permission of the couples. However, Ria told State Commission for Women member Chandramukhi Devi that one of the accused, who made the CD of the incident, blackmailed her by asking her to do such acts in future also.\"Talking about the locally made CDs, police source said: \"The CDs are of poor quality. Some features of the CDs suggest they are locally made.\"Meanwhile, the Mahila police station received Ria's primary health report on Saturday. \"The medical report could not be termed as a complete check-up report. The macro lab report is still awaited,\" said Sultanganj Mahila police SHO Ranjita Sinha. She said the gynecologist concerned said physical relationship was established with the girl, but police have to wait for the macro lab test reports to be sure about the gang rape.\"Sushant accepted that the seized vehicle was owned by him,\" said City SP Jayant Kant. Sushant is being interrogated.Patna police also arrested Anil Kumar , the owner of the cyber cafe where the gang rape CD was made, on Saturday.Police sources said: \"Sushant, during his interrogation, admitted he also used the name Rishabh among acquaintances. Ria, in the FIR lodged by her, had mentioned the name Rishabh as one of the accused. Police have also seized Sushant's laptop.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15244035", "title": "Another protester breaks fast on Day 4", "text": "NAGPUR: On the fourth day of the India Against Corruption (IAC) protest at RBI square, 32 year-old Ashfaq Rehman, who is sitting on an indefinite hunger strike, gave up the fast due to deteriorating health conditions. Of the eight remaining protesters, the sugar level of two more was also low as detected by the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) doctors.Meanwhile, around 35 volunteers initiated the 'Jan-Jagran' movement on Saturday in which they set off on city's tea kiosks including the ones at LIC Square, Shankar Nagar Square and Sadar to encourage more citizens to be a part of the agitation. \"We deliberately targeted 'tapris' as they are the hot-spots for political discussions. People usually spend a lot of time there to take a break from their work and we took advantage of their free time,\" said 18 year-old volunteer, Komal Tiwari.She added that the volunteers also made around 50 placards having slogans against corruption in our country. \"We hung these cards at the 'tapris' and asked the bystanders to join us in the protest at least for some time,\" said Komal.In the evening, around 90 protesters headed out on a flag march till Variety Square. Being a weekend, many students and employees turned up to be a part of the agitation for some time. \"It is not possible for me to come here everyday as my job does not permit it. But I try to come here during break time or while returning home from work to update myself with the protest,\" said a 55-year-old college peon Kanchan Ramteke.To provide snacks to supporters, a small stall was set up by the members of Rashtra Nirman Sangathan offering jalebi and upma for free. Interestingly, beggars loitering nearby and auto drivers were seen consuming snacks under the pretext of supporting the protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15245452", "title": "Kapil Sibal allays lawyers' apprehensions", "text": "PATNA: The HRD minister Kapil Sibal has sent an email to Bihar State Bar Council clarifying that the Higher Education and Research Bill would not interfere in the power and functions of the Bar Council of India (BC) or the State Bar Council (SBC), said Bihar State Bar Council chairman Baleshwar Prasad Sharma.Sibal has sought to dispel the apprehensions of the legal fraternity regarding the application of the bill and stated that the Bar Council would continue to have the power of inspection of law institutions awarding law degree for maintaining standard of legal education. \"The proposed bill is purely for prescribing minimum standard of education for granting degree and aims to subsume the function of the UGC, AICTE, NCTE and DEC,\" Sharma quoted Sibal's mail. He also offered to discuss the matter with the representatives of Bar Council of India and SBCs to explain the issues relating to the proposed bill that is intended to strengthen higher education system, Sharma said.Meanwhile, BCI secretary, J R Sharma, has informed that the date of procession and gherao of Parliament may be deferred to August 27 or any other date. A sizable number of BCI members and state representatives are likely to sit on dharna at Jantar Mantar on August 8, during the opening of the Parliament session.The chairmen of all the state bar councils have been asked by the BCI to reach the national capital to hold discussion on the letter of HRD minister and the probable move of the government, the Bihar State Bar Council release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15244818", "title": "89% MBA seats vacant in UP B-schools", "text": "LUCKNOW: In yet another indication of the deteriorating standards of education in the state, nearly 89% of the total MBA (Master of Business Administration) seats in the state are left vacant. Be it the supply outstripping demand, lack of basic infrastructure or few placements, students who participated in the state entrance examination (SEE) counselling have in no way opted for the B-schools in the state.Sample this: Out of 28,000 seats offered by 421 colleges, around 3,300 have been filled. And as far as Lucknow is concerned, the figures are shocking. The state capital has nearly 55 management colleges, 29 failed to get a single admission from SEE counselling. Single admission has taken place in another 13 colleges while in two colleges, two students each have taken admission. The figures show that there are nearly 45 colleges where the total admissions have not exceeded the five digit mark. Last year, only 4,373 students were enrolled in MBA as against 32,228 seats.Only six colleges have shown some satisfactory results. Of these six, three are government institutes, while three are private colleges. In Institute of Engineering and Technology (IET), a government college, all 60 seats for MBA have been filled up. Similarly, in Institute of Co-operative, Corporate Management, Research and Training, and Indira Gandhi Sahkari Prabandh Sansthan, only 10 and four seats are left vacant respectively. Besides, three private colleges where the situation is better includes BBD National Institute of Technology and Management (nine out of 102 seats vacant), BBD Northern India Institute of Technology and Management (50 out of 102 seats vacant) and Ramaswaroop College of Engineering and Management (46 out of 151 seats vacant).The dipping figures are however, not new to the education officials. SEE 2012 coordinator, Prof VK Singh said, \"Not more than 15% MBA students get placement after they finish the course. This is due to the lack of industries in the state. Also, the mushrooming of colleges with inadequate facilities is keeping students away.\"In the past five years, the management colleges have increased by more than four times. While there is no check on quantity, the quality of education suffers badly. Seeing the drop in number of students in B-schools across the country, the All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) has also imposed a blanket ban on opening of new management colleges. Now, the colleges are only relying on management quota to fill some more seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15247391", "title": "US Senate clears bill on terror tag for Haqqanis", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US senate has unanimously passed a resolution urging the Obama administration to designate the dreaded Haqqani network as a foreign terrorist organization . The resolution comes after the US House of Representatives passed Haqqani Network Terrorist Designation Act of 2012 early this month. The bill, which was passed last year, had to be passed by the senate again because of the changes made in it by the House. After senate's latest decision to pass the amended House version by unanimous consent, the bill now heads to the White House for President Barack Obama's consent to make it a law. The bill requires the state department to decide within a month whether the Haqqani network meets the criteria for the designation, in the absence of which the Pakistanbased terror outfit can raise funds in the US. \"This is a significant development , the House and the senate have now spoken unanimously that the president should designate the Haqqani network as a Foreign Terrorist Organization ,\" said congressman Mike Rogers. \"The Haqqanis are engaged in a reign of terror in Afghanistan and the network poses the single largest threat for IED's our soldiers face in that country. They actively plot and kill US and allied soldiers and harm Afghan civilians,\" he said.Pak envoy calls for end to drone strikesPakistan's ambassador to the United States is calling for an end to CIA drone strikes ahead of an intelligence summit in Washington between the two countries expected next week. In a frank debate on Friday with White House war adviser Douglas Lute, envoy Sherry Rehman said the drone attacks have already succeeded in damaging al-Qaida but are now only serving to recruit new militants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15242664", "title": "My record of clearing files is better than ex-CMs: Prithviraj Chavan", "text": "MUMBAI: In a fitting reply to his detractors within the Congress who are trying to destabilize him, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan claimed that the Democratic Front (DF) government under his stewardship has displayed greater transparency and efficiency.\"The rate at which files are being cleared now is better than my predecessors Vilasrao Deshmukh and Ashok Chavan,\" the CM said during a function in Mumbai on Saturday.Both Deshmukh and Ashok Chavan are facing inquiry in connection with the high-profile Adarsh housing scam. \"There cannot be 100% transparency in any government. However, we are trying our best. No officer will take an arbitrary decision,\" he added. In veiled attack on party MLAs, who claim that files are not moving in Mantralaya, Prithviraj Chavan said, \"After a series of scams, bureaucrats give a vague opinion while handling files. It is the CM who has to read the file carefully and take a call on the issue. I am sure no citizen of the state wants the chief minister to sign a file without reading it.\"FDI pressure mounting: Chief ministerThe CM said western countries are mounting pressure on the Centre to clear various Foreign Direct Investment proposals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15245921", "title": "Law student held for possessing sophisticated pistols", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Anti-Terrorism Cell (PATC) late on Friday night arrested a final year law student for illegally possessing two sophisticated pistols.Harry Bamoriya (21) was picked up from near Lohia Jain apartment on Paud Road around 10 pm, following a tip-off received by policeman Suhas Kadamdeadly. Two pistols and two cartridges, worth Rs 30,120, were recovered from his bag.A magisterial court here on Saturday sent Bamoriya to police custody till July 30. Bamoriya, who originally hails from Madhya Pradesh, is a student of a city-based law college and is a resident of Kothrud.According to senior inspector Suhas Nadgouda, this is the first time that a student has been arrested in a firearms case. Bamoriya told the police that a person from Madhya Pradesh had given him the pistols to sell them to prospective customers on commission basis.Nadgouda said, \"Before taking Bamoriya into custody, we checked on him by sending a decoy customer. He had received the weapons a few days ago, but he hasn't yet revealed the name of the person who had given him the pistols.\" Bamoriya's parents are in timber business. He is good in studies. Bamoriya and his three friends, all students of the same college, stay in a rented flat in Uttam society, Shastrinagar, Kothrud, We are trying to find out whether he is in possession of more weapons and whether he has any associates, Nadgouda added.Assistant commissioner of police (crime) Vinod Satav said, \"The police will find out Bamoriya's motive behind keeping the weapons.\" Bamoriya has been prosecuted under relevant sections of the Arms Act and the Bombay Police Act.The crime branch has seized 55 firearms so far this year, he added.The policemen who arrested Bamoriya include: Sharad Jadhav, Deepak Mate, Ganesh Koli and Kashinath Kolekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15247548", "title": "Director\u2019s take: Queen got Bond act right in one shot", "text": "LONDON: Britain's Queen Elizabeth II pulled off her surprise acting role in the Olympics opening ceremony \"in one take\" , a BBC official said on Saturday. The 86-year-old monarch was shown in a sequence pre-filmed by the BBC in which James Bond actor Daniel Craig arrived at Buckingham Palace in a taxi to escort the Queen by helicopter to the ceremony.A real helicopter then appeared over the Olympic Stadium during Friday's spectacular and parachutists playing Bond and the queen jumped out, just before the real monarch entered the stadium , wearing the same outfit. Nicholas Brown, the BBC's director of drama production , said the sovereign gave a flawless performance. \"She got it in one take,\" the Daily Telegraph newspaper quoted him as saying. \"That's what she does, and she does it very well. She is a professional. The palace was terrific about the shoot and we were delighted and honoured that the queen was involved.\" The sequences were filmed by Oscar winner Danny Boyle .A Buckingham Palace spokeswoman said the queen was \"very happy\" to take part in the film and \"immensely enjoyed\" the experience. Filming took place at the palace in March and April and featured three of queen's dogs: Monty, Holly and Willow.London mayor Boris Johnson said the queen had told him she was \"very, very impressed with the success of her first film appearance, her first dramatic venture. It was very funny and seems to have gone down very well with the international audiences\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15245842", "title": "Thiruvananthapuram\u2019s water supply project enters last phase", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city leg of the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) assisted water supply scheme has entered the final phase and is gearing up for the remaining interconnection work of the project in the city. Once it is completed, several points in the city, where water shortage is an issue, will heave a sigh of relief.But, the interconnection work that links the existing water supply system to the JICA system to work as a single integrated unit is a challenging feat as the spatial issues and drilling through roads proving to be hurdles. According to a JICA project official, \"The interlinking is a complicated process and the haphazard terrain of Thiruvananthapuram adds to the problem.\"Another issue is that of drilling through the newly laid roads of PWD. Though KWA will pay for the road works that would follow after the interconnection procedures, the task is easily said than done. \"Though the PWD has expressed its cooperation, most often cutting through roads invites public displeasure,\" said an official.The interconnection has already been done in some regions in Kudappanakkunnu and Vattiyoorkavu a few months ago. There are 52 spots left in the city that includes Thriumala, the central zone and Manvila. Moreover, the laying of new pipelines that covers 134 km is also pending in the low lying zones and central zones. \"After the new lines are laid, these lines too will undergo interconnection at necessary junctures,\" said a source at JICA project.The interconnection work at Kudappanakkunnu made the water scarcity worse in certain areas, but the problems were solved eventually.\"There were multiple pipe bursts after the interlinking since the pipes couldn't handle the water pressure. However, after we registered complaints with KWA, the bursts were fixed,\" said S Murugan, the ward councilor.He added that the water shortage issue prevalent in the region had not been completely resolved despite the JICA augmentation project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15242783", "title": "Shiv Sena chief in hospital for 3 more days", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray is likely to stay in the hospital for three more days, said party sources.The Sena chief was admitted to Lilavati Hospital in Bandra-Kurla Complex early this week after he complained of breathlessness and constipation. He has undergone several tests and scans ever since.Sources in the hospital have confirmed that Thackeray will have to stay there for three more days. \"He is doing fine,\" said Dr Jalil Parker, his personal physician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15251618", "title": "Scientology wants to discredit Katie Holmes", "text": "A former Scientologist has revealed that the controversial religious sect is seeking to \"discredit\" Katie Holmes , after she infamously blindsided Tom Cruise by filing for divorce last month and leaving the church in a PR nightmare.Samantha Domingo claims to have \"seen internal memos\" on the subject.\"Katie would have been excommunicated normally, and behind the scenes she probably already is,\" the Daily Mail quoted her as telling the Hollywood Reporter.\"Internally, the wheels are in motion to discredit Katie. We have moles that are pretending to be good Scientologists who report back to us on the outside. I've seen internal memos about Katie,\" she said.Domingo, former daughter-in-law of opera singer Placido Domingo and ex wife of his son Placido Jr, said that \"disconnection is the main weapon of Scientology.\"She left Scientology back in 2009 after 24 years and claimed that she was immediately declared a \"suppressive person\" by the Church.Former Scientology spokesman Mike Rinder agreed with her, and said: \"Katie Holmes is probably the biggest suppressive person out there right now.\"\"Tom, if he were an ordinary Scientologist, would be ordered to disconnect from Katie and because Suri will be living with Katie, he couldn't see her either.\"But because Tom is so high-profile, it would create a total furore if the public knew he was cutting Suri off. This is an example of the church at its most hypocritical,\" Rinder said.Marc Headley, who was in charge of film and video production in Scientology and was in the controversial religious order The Sea Org for 15 years before leaving in 2005 said: \"Katie flew the biggest middle finger Scientology has ever seen.\"\"If she and Tom were regular Scientologists, Katie would have been declared a suppressive person in one second and Tom would never have been allowed to see her again,\" Headley said.The 33-year-old actress is said to have recently returned to the Catholic Church, registering as a parishioner at the Church of St. Francis Xavier in New York City and signing Suri up for a private Catholic school in Manhattan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15252430", "title": "Breakup helpline for heart-sick Indians", "text": "Says a Mumbai marketing executive, who is rehabilitating miserable urban aashiqs with emails and a flowchart.We manage to talk him into meeting us over coffee, even cajole him into posing for a picture (\"No head-on shots, please\"). But his last name, he just won't share. Twenty-five-year-old marketing executive Ankit has a reason for being furtive. It's been just three weeks since he launched an enterprise that's private by character.Breakuphelpine.com is a business model designed by the Andheri resident, his filmmaker friend and two psychologists to rehabilitate the heartbroken, equipping them to get on with their lives in just a month. Registration on their website promises jilted lovers a reply in 24 hours, and entitles them to 30 days of free emotional assistance via email. If they still yearn for handholding, intensive counselling sessions over mail, Skype and phone are available for a fee of Rs 2,500.Is a corporate suit the best person to deal with matters of the heart? Without doubt, if he has been a 'victim' himself. A year-and-a-half ago, Ankit admits to going through a \"particularly bad\" break up. Everyone has a way of dealing with it. \"I did it by running the Mumbai half marathon. After that, it was cooking, gardening and art appreciation workshops.\"Research involved speaking to psychologists and running a pilot survey among his young friends. And Breakup Helpline, a first service of its kind in India, was born. \"Indians, even urban, aren't comfortable with the idea of seeing a psychologist. We think it's equal to admitting we are mental. I had to think up a way to disguise the therapy, making it casual and conversational,\" says Ankit, whose core target customer is Indian (although 15 expats have signed up), aged 18 to 25, and may include divorcees.The team wins its first battle if the lover agrees to send a detailed email. It means he is past the stage of denial. It's a way of admitting that his relationship has ended, and he needs help. \"Each lover is put in the custody of one member of the Breakup team from 'devastation to rehabilitation', and each case is customised to suit the client. The goal is to establish a relationship of trust,\" says Ankit, drawing a flowchart to explain stages in the process. Getting clients to put their angst down in writing proves cathartic. While some enjoy the anonymity, others prefer to hear a voice, even if it's just to ask them how their day went.\"But we aren't playing friend. We are professionals, and we stay neutral. If you were dating a jerk, we will tell you. There was a client from Kolkata who admitted to cheating on his fiancee. We told him he had ruined the trust,\" says Ankit. The challenge the team faces is to seek the \"real story\". While expats have been expressive, Indian lovers need poking and prodding. \"They'll start by saying, 'I am fine',\" and then somewhere down the line, break down.\"So, how long does it take to get over an ex? Ankit's partners claim it's two weeks, but anyone who has been through a failed relationship knows you never really get over it, feels Ankit. \"The idea is to be able to look past your insecurities, and move on so you can find someone else or be happy by yourself,\" he says. Young India appears to be casual about dating, finding no fault with flirting. \"But they are secretly looking for someone special.They still want to go home to someone they can cuddle. Everyone wants to be in love. Singles have no choice but to face social isolation.\"That the team is making money off someone's trauma isn't giving Ankit sleepless nights. \"It's in fact, the overwhelming number of lovers calling in that's kept me awake the last few days,\" he shares. It's not social service, he says candidly. It's a model to ease pain. \"And it happens to be one that generates revenue.\"Top breakup reason \"We've had a large number of college romances souring after couples take up a job. Responsibilities change and careers take up a lot of time. Three factors are at play \u2014 work, love and family \u2014 and the priority we accord to each changes as we leave the nest and look to settle down,\" says Ankit.Yolande D'Mello @timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15254721", "title": "Gangs of Wasseypur is not work for Huma Qureshi", "text": "The Gangs of Wasseypur actress celebrated her birthday while promoting her film. She did not cancel her schedule or take a day off.Our Wasseypuri girl is bindaas and in love with Wasseypur don Faizal Khan is what we all knew about Mohsina played by Huma Qureshi in Gangs of Wasseypur 2 . But what we didn't know is that this Wasseypuri girl is also very hardworking and places work before personal life.Huma Qureshi was in Kanpur on her birthday (July 28) promoting her film Gangs of Wasseypur 2 . \"Instead of cancelling her schedule and enjoying her birthday with friends and family, Huma chose to spend this auspicious and special day of hers promoting her film, making her birthday a working day for her\", says a unit-hand.But the actress thinks of it otherwise. \"Anything she does for her film Gangs of Wasseypur is not considered work for Huma. She was more than happy to spend this special day of hers promoting Gangs Of Wasseypur in Kanpur\", adds the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15246203", "title": "Fourth suspect held in labourers' murder case", "text": "PUNE: The Pune police crime branch on Saturday afternoon arrested the fourth suspect on the run Dattatreya Haribhau Pawar (23) of Shindewadi, accused of murdering two labourers and dumping their bodies in a well at Shindewadi village near Katraj Ghat on July 10.A police team led by inspector (unit IV) Arun Walture nabbed Pawar near Akashwani in Hadapsar. Pawar was handed over to the Pune rural police.Police had earlier arrested suspects Panjab Shinde (21), Navnath Bandal (24) and Vasant Shinde (21) all residents of Shindewadi.The Rajgad police, which is under the jurisdiction of the Pune rural police, on July 14 had recovered highly decomposed bodies of Ramnath Gupta (23) and Kisandeo Gupta (22), who hailed from Uttar Pradesh and were residing at Shindewadi. The two had been missing since July 10. Their family members had lodged a missing report on July 12.The two bodies tied together with a rope were found floating in a well owned by one Vijay Gogavale. The Pune fire brigade fished out the bodies from the well. Fabrication contractor Manoj Kale with whom the two used to work ascertained their identities.According to police, a friend of the labourers had revealed the names of the four suspects. He told police that the suspects knew the victims and the friend had some cash as they had just received their salaries. On the night of July 10, the suspects demanded money from the three of them to purchase liquor. When they refused the suspects thrashed them.Police said the friend managed to escape. The suspects later assaulted Ramnath and Kisandeo with empty beer bottles and half-burnt wooden logs from a nearby crematorium and killed them.They then tied the bodies together and dumped them in the well. Police have seized two broken beer bottles, two half-burnt wooden logs and a rope from the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "15245282", "title": "Cops in Kannur get canteen in the lines of CSD minus booze", "text": "KANNUR: In a welfare move that is likely to immensely benefit the police, a subsidiary of the central police canteen was opened in the district on Saturday.Policemen, both retired and working, can buy essential commodities and other items at 30-40% cheaper rates. Nearly 70,000 police personnel will benefit from this initiative once the canteen comes up in every district in the months to come.Police personnel in the rank of civil police officers to ASI can make a monthly purchase up to Rs 5,000, while the purchase limit is Rs 7,500 for the officers from the rank of SI to DySP.Those who are in the rank of SP and above can purchase goods for up to Rs 10,000.Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan who inaugurated the canteen said the canteen will be more beneficial to the cops in the state than a salary hike.The canteen will function under the Kerala Police Welfare Bureau. The interesting feature of the canteen is the cashless transaction facility here. Under the system, a smartcard will be issued by authorities to police personnel who wish to avail the canteen facility. Personnel buying goods from the canteen will also have to give their bank account number from which the bill amount will be deducted.\"Cashless transaction facilities will ensure transparency. These canteens are the first network where this system is being put in use. Since we use centralized billing system, the level of accountability would be higher,\" said DGP Jacob Punnoose.Nearly, 5,000 people including retired cops and their families in the district will benefit from the canteen. Apart from grocery items, electronics goods are also available, and in the near future, they are also planning to make available the facility to purchase vehicles through the canteen.However, unlike military canteens, liquor would not be sold here.The civil supplies department is now planning to organize special Onam fairs in the state, exclusively for the policemen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15244538", "title": "Three-year-old boy drowns in sump in Hebbal", "text": "BANGALORE: A three-year-old boy drowned in a sump of an under-construction house at AK Colony in Kodigehallai near Hebbal on Saturday morning. The police identified the deceased as M Pawan, resident of A K Colony. Pawan was the son of Manjunath, a construction labourer, and Meenakshi.Pawan was playing with another child near his house behind the government school. Nearby, there was a building under construction belonging to one Venkatesh. A sump was dug at the basement and its opening was closed with a cement bag.\"Pawan and another boy were playing near the sump. Pawan ran over cement bag, which gave away, drowning him. The other boy was too young to know what had happened and he did not inform anybody\", police said. Later, some passersby found Pawan inside the sump and immediately took him to a nearby hospital where he was declared brought dead, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15243931", "title": "Music brings silence alive", "text": "BANGALORE: A Throw of Dice lists among the classics of the era of silent movies. But when it was screened in Galleryske, Berlie Street, on Saturday, there was a sound track along with it - a mix of electronic, natural and Indian classical and folk instruments. All thanks to a project by Jatin Vidyarthi, a sound composer.Jatin was given a grant by India Foundation for Arts (IFA) under Extended Arts Practices Programme. His grant allowed him to create a contemporary sound track for a silent film to recreate the live atmosphere of the pre-talkies era.Jatin, who was doing research on silent films, took up the project one-and-a-half years ago. \"When I started making the sound track, I used electronic instruments. But it was not sounding all that natural for a movie set in that era. So I tried using Indian classical and folk instruments and fused both these elements to recreate those times. I recorded some natural sounds as well. I wanted to bring out a low volume sound track to highlight the mood of the film but at the same time, not to overpower it.\"\"Silent movies are great. They were the beginning of the film era. There were many movies shot between 1920-'30, but most of them got destroyed. I find the movies from that era beautifully shot and directed and many of them are at par with some of the best films in the world. When compared to the films today, they are complex. The acting in those movies is also beautiful.A Throw of Dice is one such film,\" he said.The greatest challenge, Jatin said, was to get the right mood of the age. \"It was a film shot in 1929, almost two generations before. I watched the movie almost 25 times, to soak in the atmosphere. I was a silent spectator. I even visited Hampi to get the ambiene,\" he said. The 70-minute film was directed by Franz Osten.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15243373", "title": "'Deal with changing times to become better parents'", "text": "NAGPUR: Times are changing but rather than lamenting the fact, one needs to think of the ways to overcome the challenges these changes bring in. With regards to parenting in the changing times, there is a need for an open and interactive communication between parents and kids.This was the consensus of all the participants at a day-long national conference on parent-child relationship organized by the home economics department of Rajkumar Kewalramani Kanya Mahavidyalaya. Attended largely by teachers and parents, the conference had speakers like Indore MP Sumitra Mahajan, MP Smriti Irani, counsellor Sneha Damle, social worker Pramila Medhe, psychiatrist Sushil Gawande and special children trainer Puja Bhangade.Mahajan spoke about how children imbibe most of their traits from what they see their parents do and so the need for the parents to display the qualities they want in kids. Agreed Irani and called home the child's first school and the parents his first teachers. \"When we lie in front of our kids or ask them to lie for us, do we have the right to scold them for the lies they say to us?\" she asked.Medhe believed that the absence of communication is a problem that plagues not just a family but the whole society. \"The roots of the problem, however, lie in the fact that during their childhood, kids are not encouraged to be very communicative,\" she said.Damle spoke about the role of teachers in bridging the gap of communication. \"Careful listening, more sensitive behaviour towards the children and regular positive stroking are a few ways to build confidence in the kids to be open about their feelings,\" she said.Bhangade, in her concluding notes, advised parents about how to deal with special and differently-abled children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15246718", "title": "Road project: Chinese company approaches court", "text": "SHIMLA: The Himachal Pradesh government and Chinese Longijian Road and Bridge company, which was constructing the important 80km Theog-Hatkoti-Rohru road, appear to be headed for a legal battle over non-completion of the road project. While the state government has issued notice for terminating the contract, the Chinese firm has approached the Himachal Pradesh high court to restrain the state government from invoking the bank guarantees submitted by it.The state government in its notice to the Chinese firm has asked why the work awarded should not be cancelled and has given 15 days' time to the company to file its reply and has also decided to claimliquidity damages from the company. On the other hand, the Chinese firm in its petition claimed that it has already given notice to state authorities for terminating the contract for the project vide a letter dated July 25, 2012. The company in the petition has apprehended that the state government would invoke the bank guarantee submitted by it in lieu of the project.While passing interim orders on the petition, Justice Kuldip Singh has restrained the state government from invoking the bank guarantee submitted by the Chinese company till August 9.The road project, which has now become a bone of contention between the state government and the Chinese firm, was approved five years ago but the project is nowhere near completion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15244741", "title": "Top cop asks officers to sharpen mental skills", "text": "CHENNAI: State director general of police K Ramanujam wants his subordinates to use brains along with brawn. Addressing the valedictory function of the Tamil Nadu police duty meet held at the Tamil Nadu Police Academy in Oonamanchery on Saturday where many officers received medals for their shooting skills, Ramajunam said it was important to develop investigative skills.Ramanujam quoted two different incidents to highlight the importance of investigative skills. \"Bank robbers were identified and the police released the suspect's photograph, which helped us to nab the culprits. In another incident, a robber sneaked into a senior citizen's house and stole valuables. Incidentally, he left behind his mobile phone at her place, which helped us to track him down.\" He said that officers should be alert enough to look for mistakes made by the culprits at the crime scene.At this year's police duty meet, six inspectors, 15 sub inspectors, 22 officers in other ranks and five police photographers won medals in various competitions. The police duty meet comprises of 18 competitions under six categories - scientific aids to investigation, professional photography, computer awareness, videography, anti-sabotage check and dog squad skill.This included a written test on \"crime investigation, criminal laws, rules, procedures and court judgments\". This year, the competitions were organized at Tamil Nadu Police Academy between July 23 and 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "patapatnam (srikakulam)", "code": "15242911", "title": "MP boycotts Indiramma bata programme", "text": "PATAPATNAM (SRIKAKULAM): Upset over not being allowed to travel with the chief minister's convoy, Srikakulam MP Killi Kruparani boycotted the Indiramma bata programme here on Saturday.According to sources, the incident happened on the roadat Korusuwada in Patapatnam mandal. The MP was travelling in her car when an SI told her driver that their car cannot be part of the CM convoy. At this juncture, Kruparani announced that she would not proceed further in the programme and would join in only if Kiran Kumar Reddy intervenes. She did not relent even after district SP V Venugopala Rao apologized to her .The MP waited in her car until the CM's programme in the weavers' colony was over. Finally, after repeated requests from ministers, and after her vehicle was allowed to be next only to that of the CM, she relented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15243932", "title": "Metro disaster drill a success but passengers left stranded", "text": "NOIDA: Commuters outside the City Centre Metro station were taken by surprise when an emergency siren went off at 11.01am, signifying the start of a mock drill to assess preparedness for disasters like earthquakes, terrorist attacks, bomb blasts, fire etc. The synchronized drill lasting half an hour was also carried out at 10 Metro stations in Delhi.While the drill was on, entry to the City Centre station was prohibited as part of the standard emergency procedure. Teams from National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) and senior officials from police stations in sectors 24 and 58 participated. Gautam Budh Nagar traffic officials led by the superintendent of police (traffic) and officers of the fire department also played a key role in the exercise.The teams simulated a scenario in which an earthquake has destroyed the power line between Muradabad and Delhi. \"Simulated situations were created with the assumption that an earthquake of intensity 8.9 on the Richter scale had struck. All the emergency support functionaries participated in successful coordination with one another,\" said a district official.Medical teams from the GB Nagar district and Kailash Hospital were deployed to provide assistance during the programme and enacted a real life situation.Commenting on the drill, GB Nagar district magistrate MKS Sundaram said the effort was commendable and had put all the concerned agencies - fire, police, medical, administration - on the alert.Though the drill lasted for only half an hour, thousands of passengers were stranded at the City Centre Metro station and trains were delayed despite constant announcements being made both on the trains and at the station about the exercise. A downpour, which started almost at the same time, added to the chaos. \"Such a rehearsal is good for us as it will be beneficial in emergencies,\" a commuter said.The district magistrate has scheduled a meeting of all departments on July 31 to address all lacunae found during the mock drill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15245974", "title": "IIT Bombay to survey cracks on Pune-Mumbai expressway", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) has sought technical guidance from the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Bombay, to repair cracks on the Pune-Mumbai expressway. The cracks have appeared because the concrete panels of the expressway have undergone wear and tear.A team from IIT Bombay will soon conduct a survey of the 95-km expressway and suggest measures to repair the damage, an official of the MSRDC told TOI. The survey will be completed in about a week's time, after which the IIT team will submit a report to the MSRDC.MSRDC officials said that each lane of the expressway has around 300 concrete panels in every stretch of one kilometre. As the expressway has six lanes - three in each corridor - there are nearly 2,000 panels for each kilometre of the expressway.The cracks on the surface have appeared because of the wear and tear to the panels due to geographical and weather conditions and movement of vehicles, the officials said.The expressway was opened to traffic ten years ago. The cracks are not major in nature, but need to be repaired to prevent further deterioration. Not all panels need to be repaired, the officials said.Earlier this year, the MSRDC completed repairs to the panels on a 20-km stretch of the expressway near Mumbai. The IIT team will also study the effectiveness and the cost of these repairs. The MSRDC spent around Rs 1.5 crore for these repairs, which were carried out by an Australian firm.The cost estimates for the work to repair the cracks will be prepared once the IIT submits its report to the MSRDC, officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15245701", "title": "Tuki congratulates Pranab, invites him to Arunachal", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Nabam Tuki along with his cabinet and assembly colleagues on Friday congratulated country's 13th President Pranab Mukherjee on behalf of the people of Arunachal Pradesh and invited him to visit the state.Tuki urged the new President to pay special attention to the landlocked state of Arunachal Pradesh, officials said. Tuki also highlighted the areas where the state required logistic support from the Centre. Mukherjee assured he would consider the request and mentioned that he had a special place for Arunachal Pradesh in his heart and would provide support for the welfare of the state.The CM was accompanied by speaker of the assembly Wangling Lowangdong, RWD and tourism minister Pema Khandu, industries minister Tapang Taloh, Palriamentary secretaries Padi Richo and Gadam Ete, MLAs Alo Libang, Bamang Felix, Markio Tado along with Col Dhaniram Shandil, CWC member and AICC in-charge of Arunachal Pradesh, the sources added.Earlier in the day, the CM met S N Brahma Choudhury, advisor of Planning Commission for northeast, and apprised him on various developmental activities undertaken in the state and the areas where special focus need to be given by the Planning Commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15244498", "title": "5 monkeys released into the forest", "text": "BANGALORE: Doctors at Hebbal Veterinary Hospital on Saturday conducted the postmortem on nine monkeys which were allegedly poisoned to death on Friday in Tarabanahalli in North Bangalore. Police will have to wait for some more time to learn the cause of death as postmortem samples will be sent to the Forensic Science Laboratory.\"We've taken statements from locals and staff of Nirmala Hospital for their alleged part in the killing,\" Soladevanahalli police said. Five monkeys were released on Saturday morning into the jungles after being treated for poisoning. \"All are healthy and out of danger,\" police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15245650", "title": "All India United Democratic Front demands dissolution of Bodoland Territorial Council", "text": "GUWAHATI: All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF), led by perfume baron Maulana Badaruddin Ajmal, on Saturday demanded the dissolution of the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) and called for a CBI probe into the Bodo-Muslim ethnic violence in Kokrajhar and Chirang districts. AIUDF urged the Centre to take over administration of BTC till its dissolution and accused the BTC administration of involvement in the violence. It branded the state government a total failure and in a memorandum to the Prime Minister said: \"Considering the seriousness and consequences, a CBI enquiry should be ordered to find out the root cause of the violence.\"The party leaders met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh at Guwahati airport on Saturday to highlight the problems faced by minority community in BTC area. AIUDF alleged that Bodo miscreants were indulging in violence at the instance of BTC administration with a view to make the non-Bodo population less than 50% of the total population of BTC areas. Though Bodo is the dominant community in BTC area, the area also has a significant population of Santhalis, Bengali-speaking Muslims, Bengali Hindus, Rajbongshis, Rabhas, Garos, Nepalis, and Hindi-speaking people.AIUDF claimed that Bodos only comprise 29% of the population in the Bodoland Territorial Area District (BTAD), which comprises of Kokrajhar, Chirang, Baksa and Udalaguri districts. The BTAD area is governed by BTC, under the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. The BTC is an outcome of the 2003 Bodo Accord, a tripartite agreement between the Centre, Assam government and the erstwhile Bodo Liberation Tigers (now disbanded) led by its chief Hagrama Mohilary.AIUDF said the communal tension was brewing in BTC area since last month and both the BTC administration and the state government had prior information of it. But, unfortunately they either failed or ignored to take preventive measures, it added. The party urged the PM to deploy sufficient army personnel in the riot-affected areas. \"All the Muslims of BTAD areas who have taken shelter in relief camps should be shifted back immediately with proper army security,\" it said. The party demanded that those in relief camps be returned to their original villages in BTAD within seven days.The memorandum also demanded a compensation of Rs 10 lakh for every deceased person and Rs 5 lakh for those injured. People should also be compensated adequately for damages to property, it added. The AIUDF also accused the involvement of Bodo militants in the ethnic violence and demanded the seizure of all legal and illegal arms from BTC area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15244733", "title": "15 years later, \u2018God of Small Things\u2019 comes out in Tamil", "text": "CHENNAI: Fifteen years after it was published in English, Arundhati Roy's Booker prize-winning novel 'God of Small Things' sees a Tamil translation.The Tamil version, 'Chinna Visaiyangalin Kadavul', was released on Saturday at Don Bosco School in Egmore. This makes it the 39th language into which the book has been translated. Published by 'Kalachuvadu', the book has been translated by G Kuppuswamy, who says he has read it more than 30 times. Kuppuswamy is an inspector with the fund audit department and has already translated Nobel Prize winner Orhan Pamuk's 'My Name Is Red' and Booker-winning-novel 'The Sea' by John Banville.While he had reportedly completed his translation of the book in 2005, it was only in January this year that Kalachuvadu editor Kannan got her permission to release the book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15255343", "title": "Top cop to retire with gallantry medal he didn't deserve", "text": "HYDERABAD: A few days from now, at the end of July, IPS officer A Sivasankar will retire from service. Though the 1977 batch director general of police rank officer has spent his last few years in nondescript positions: he will superannuate as chairman of the Andhra Pradesh Road Safety Authority , Sivasankar will retire as a 'gallant' cop.In 2003 he was awarded the coveted police medal for gallantry (PMG) by the President of India for an act of bravery. This is an award that Sivasankar will continue to have with him in spite of the fact that it has now been proven that he was never part of the operation for which he was declared 'gallant.' It has also been proven that he himself moved the file for a gallantry award in 2002 as inspector general of intelligence of the Andhra Pradesh police and this is the file which traversed up being cleared by the then director general of police and even higher echelons of the state government before being approved by the union home ministry.The ranks of the Andhra Pradesh police always suspected that Sivasankar had not been part of the operation for which he bagged a gallantry award. So, a few years later, in end 2004, the then Andhra Pradesh director general of police set up an official inquiry by the CID department. This was specifically after some newspaper reports and after getting complaints from IPS officers. The CID inquiry found that \"there is prima facie evidence to prove that A Sivasankar was awarded a medal based on \"false recommendations\". It also unearthed that Sivasankar had not participated at all in the encounter on December 2, 1999 for which he was awarded a gallantry medal for showing conspicuous courage.The incident involved the killing of four prominent members of the Peoples' War Group (PWG) in Koyyur forest area of Karimnagar district of AP. The CID report of May 23, 2005 also showed that although the encounter had taken place in 1999, the recommendation for a gallantry award had been made in 2002.What is more the recommendation had come from Sivasankar himself! The CID report noted that the Presidents' secretariat note on the subject clearly stipulated that \"recommendations for the award of medals should be made as soon as possible after the occurrence of the incident in which act of gallantry was shown ... \" The CID went deeper and figured out that the log of the official car of Sivasankar did not reveal that he had visited the area on the date that the encounter took place. But CID found out that nearly twelve hours after the encounter, Sivasankar had visited the spot on helicopter accompanying the then director general of police.The CID report along with a letter from the director general of police in 2005 was sent to the union home secretary saying that \"the government may take such further action in the matter including cancellation of the gallantry awards ... \" Though the report was sent to North Block in the mid of 2005, the file obviously got lost in the bureaucratic maze.In 2008, a writ petition was filed in the Andhra Pradesh high court on the matter and the judges while examining the matter realized that the chief minister of Andhra Pradesh had approved dropping of further action against Sivasankar. Approval was also given by the chief minister to withdraw the earlier proposal, in 2005, sent to the Union home minister to withdraw the gallantry medal. A letter to this accord was sent to the home ministry in December 2008.The high court which disposed of the matter in 2010 noted that the 'award of medal is not an act of patronage ... a spoil of political office nor the product of whim ... \" The court noted that the union government should examine the matter afresh and said that the obligation to ensure that the award of medals with which the office of the President is involved should be processed professionally and with integrity. It also said that the responsibility rest solely with the Union government.There is no evidence that North Block took seriously the observations of the Andhra Pradesh high court although over two years have elapsed. So, A Sivasankar will merrily retire with a gallantry award to boot. Not to add the benefits that come with the gallantry award: concessions on air fare, free air conditioned train travel uptil three times annually for self and family and a free house site anywhere in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15244665", "title": "Forest officer suspended", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav suspended a senior forest officer and ordered a disciplinary inquiry against him on Saturday. CM suspended JK Singh, DFO, social forestry, Basti. The decision was taken on the basis of the inquiry report, which was submitted by the department probing into the complaints against the officer. There were several complaints against the officer.There were complaints that the officer never acted on laid down norms in the government orders. On lot of occasions, he was found absent from his office without any prior information. Besides, the officer had flouted the provisions of UP Tree Protection Act and UP Transit Rules. He was also found involved in illegal encroachment on forest land. The officer also did not follow the orders of his seniors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15245498", "title": "Federation of University Teachers' Associations of Bihar finalizes protest plan", "text": "PATNA: College and university teachers of Bihar have girded up their loins to fight against rampant corruption and favouritism prevailing in the portals of higher education. They would observe daylong fast in the state capital on August 25 to register their protest.The decision to launch a statewide agitation against the ever-increasing non-academic approach of the university authorities was taken at a meeting of the executive committee of the Federation of University Teachers' Associations of Bihar (Futab) held here on Friday under the chairmanship of Kanhaiya Bahadur Sinha. The executive felt that various types of irregularities in colleges and universities of the state have not only been hampering the academic progress but also earning a bad name for the state.Futab general secretary Sanjay Kumar Singh said to break the chain of vested interests, it is imperative that teachers on deputation as officers in the university for more than five years be sent back to their parent departments for teaching work as no lien can be granted for more than five years. The principle of \"one man one post\" should be strictly implemented, examination department should be reorganized with an able and experienced person as examination controller on a permanent basis, the practice of appointing inexperienced teachers as director of evaluation be done away with and transparency be maintained at all levels.The executive committee also demanded that a centralized pre-PhD test should be conducted at the state level to minimize the allegations of corruption associated with the tests being conducted by the universities separately. After all, why are the universities conducting one test after another without disposal of the applications for registration by the Postgraduate Research Council, it wondered. The task of conducting the test at the state level may be assigned to Aryabhatt Knowledge University or Nalanda Open University to bring parity in evaluation of merit. This will also minimize the problem of a few guides being chased by a large number of students in one university.The committee also demanded a recall of finance department auditors from universities as they are creating bottlenecks in smooth functioning of the universities, it alleged. The meeting was attended, among others, by Chandra Mohan Jha, Nawal Kumar Singh, Arun Kant Singh, Ashok Kumar Yadav, Paras Nath Singh, Guru Charan Singh, Udai Pratap Singh and Arun Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15242883", "title": "VAT increase will dampen growth: Bangalore Chamber of Industry and Commerce", "text": "BANGALORE: The Bangalore Chamber of Industry and Commerce (BCIC) has expressed disappointment over the sudden mid-course correction undertaken by the state government by way of a 0.5% increase in VAT rates. The new VAT rates effective August 1, 2012, will be 5.5% and 14.5%.The industry body said: \"The 0.5% hike may ex facie look minuscule, but on the larger canvas, if one analyses, over the last few quarters the industry has been reeling under pricing pressure resulting in quarter revenues either moving into negative or showing flat trends.\" BCIC said that the increase in VAT will dampen growth prospects and affect people at large as they are already challenged in sustaining monthly budgets.PV Srinivasan, chairman, indirect-state taxes expert committee, BCIC, said: \"It is surprising that the government has increased the VAT rates mid-way through the year and that too giving a very short notice as the revised rates are with effect from August 1 itself. This will dampen the demand for several consumer goods, including electronic items, at a time when the trade looks for seasonal pickup in sales, thus adding to the woes of an already sluggish demand.\"S Venkatramani, co-chairman, indirect and state taxes expert committee, BCIC, said: \"There are a number of states where the rates of taxes are still pegged at 4% and 12.5% as against 5.5% and 14.5 % in our state. Therefore, service providers who do not avail input tax set-off may find it cheaper to procure goods from outside the state.\" Such a scenario, Venkatramani said, could result in flight of trade resulting in a loss to the exchequer.BCIC said: \"The higher revenue mobilization on account of the higher rate will be offset by lower tax collection on account of lower sales.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15245695", "title": "MLA, five others injured in clash in Sriganganagar", "text": "JAIPUR: BJP legislator Radhey Shyam was among six persons injured in stone-pelting by a mob and subsequent lathicharge in Sriganganagar on Saturday. The rivalry between people from two localities had turned violent over an old issue, said the police. One of the groups, supported by the MLA, wanted the other group to shift from the place for their alleged involvement in criminal activities.BJP MLA Radhey Shyam told TOI that he had been demanding shifting of about 40 families living in Chhajgariya Mohalla for a long time. \"These people are involved in criminal activities including narcotics smuggling. Those living in neighbouring places including Kinchi Chowk were being harassed. So they were demanding that these families be shifted from there. I have raised the issue in the assembly several times,\" said the legislator.SP, Sriganganagar, Santosh Chalke said that some people from Kinchi Chowk had intercepted two youths from Chhajgariya Mohalla while they were on their way home on Saturday.\"One of the youths escaped and rushed to Chhajgariya Mohalla where he told his people that those from Kinchi Chowk had almost killed his friend. This fake information led to the incident,\" said Chalke.MLA Radhey Shyam said that people from Chhajgariya Mohalla gathered in front of the houses in Kinchi Chowk. \"People from both the groups soon gathered there. I also rushed there after being informed by local people. I also called all senior police officers following which police from all nearby police stations and a Rajasthan Armed Constabulary unit was rushed there,\" said the MLA.Police said that soon people from both the groups started hurling stones. \"Several vehicles were damaged. We had to resort to lathicharge,\" said the SP.MLA Radhey Shyam said that a stone hit him beneath his left eye leading to severe bleeding. \"Some policemen hit me with their sticks during lathicharge despite the fact that I was trying to restore law and order there,\" said the legislator.SP Chalke said that about 30 people have been arrested. \"Those who were included include two policemen also,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15243495", "title": "Railway Protection Force (RPF) seizes gutkha worth Rs2.16 lakh", "text": "NAGPUR: A team of Railway Protection Force (RPF) on Saturday intercepted a gutkha consignment worth Rs2.16 lakh which was supposed to be given to distributors in city. The consignment came in the small luggage room of Porbandar-Santragachi Express which arrived on platform number one.A team led by RPF sub-inspector PK Halder intercepted the consignment following the state government's ban on gutkha products after learning that such material was being packaged under the label of 'meethi supari' or sweetened beetle-nut. The consignment was sent from Surat by a person identified as Rahulbhai and was supposed to be received by Kalubhai from Nagpur.RPF post in-charge, Nagpur, BD Ippar said no one came to claim the consignment. \"We have slapped section 163 of Railways Act for false declaration against the sender as the gutkha was sent as sweetened beetle-nut as per the booking documents,\" he said. Ippar added that his force is on alert against gutkha being ferried in the railways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15252236", "title": "Allu Arjun's Julayi releasing in 1600 theaters", "text": "Stylish star Allu Arjun's forthcoming film \"Julayi\" will have a massive release in two languages Telugu and Malayalam (dubbed) in four states - AP, Kerala, Karnataka, and Tamil Nadu in 1600 theaters. The makers of the film are making arrangements for a grand release on August 9.The promo song, which has hit the marquee last week, generated good buzz amongst the youth and became an instant chartbuster. Producer Radhakrishna says that Rajendra Prasad's performance will be one of the highlights of this trend-setter. He adds that Sonu Sood has a key role in the movie while Brahmanandam, Ali, MS Narayana and Tanikella Bharani will have the audience convulsing in laughter.Julayi, directed by Trivikram Srinivas, has Ileana playing Allu Arjun's love interest and music by Devi Sri Prasad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15254233", "title": "Randeep looks hot in Jism 2: Neetu", "text": "Actor Neetu Chandra , who is now shooting for a Tamil film in Bikaner, is shocked with the incident of a Greek triple jumper - Voula Papachristo - being banned from the Olympics because of her racial tweet. Neetu's reaction is a result of her sports background and her Greek connection since she has shot a film in Greece recently.For those who came in late, Voula was banned from her country's Olympics squad because she posted a tweet that read thus: \"With so many Africans in Greece, at least the West Nile mosquitoes will eat home made food!\" Once she realized that she was in the middle of a controversy, Voula took to a social networking site to apologize by writing: \"I would like to express my heartfelt apologies for the unfortunate and tasteless joke I published on my personal Twitter account. I am very sorry and ashamed for the negative responses I triggered, since I never wanted to offend anyone, or to encroach human rights. My dream is connected to the Olympic Games and I could not possibly participate if I did not respect their values. Therefore, I coul d never believe in discrimination between human beings and races. I would like to apologize to all my friends and fellow athletes, who I may have insulted or shamed, the National Team, as well as the people and companies who support my athletic career. Finally, I would like to apologize to my coach and my family.\"Neetu, who shot the Greek movie \"Home Sweet Home\", says she has never faced any racial abuse in Greece. \" Having been to Greece, I am surprised that a sportsperson has made such a comment. But no sports personality would have knowingly said anything that can get her to be expelled from the Olympics. People say such things but it's only later that they realize their mistakes. I suppose, this athlete is having to pay a price for this now,\" Neetu says. As far as racism is concerned, Neetu says people in India can still be racists. \"I was shooting in Bikaner when a man, without recognizing me, rudely asked me to move aside because there were foreign tourists on the premises. I immediately gave it back to him saying he still suffers from a colonial hangover. It's about time that we moved beyond such discriminations,\" she adds.Meanwhile, promos of her \"good friend\" Randeep Hooda's \"Jism 2\" have been drawing a lot of attention. \"Randeep looks hot in the promos,\" she says. Ask her if she jealous of Sunny Leone and the fact that she is sharing a sizzling chemistry with Randeep on screen and she says, \"Why should I be jealous of her? We are actors and the more convincing we look on screen with our partners, the better it is.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15245441", "title": "St Theresa School bows to parents demand on fee hike", "text": "BHOPAL: In an interesting turn of events, the principal of St Theresa School reached the district education officer's (DEO) office on Friday, a day before the scheduled meeting and a day later agreed to the demands of the parents and the suggestions by the DEO that the fee hike should be for 10 months instead of 12.DEO C M Upadhyay, earlier on Saturday, said, \"While Sr Rosy was called for a meeting on Saturday morning, she reached the office along with Fr Johnney P J, principal of St Joseph's Co-ed on Friday evening. Discussions were held for over an hour. Finally, she was told that fee hike should be done a single time only. Also, parents should not be burdened for more than 20% of last year's fees. Sr Rosy had wanted time for discussion with management committee till Monday.\"Upadhyay on Saturday evening said, \"Sr Rosy called to say that as discussed, only fees for 10 months would be collected instead of 12 months after discussion with the school management committee. Also, 20% hike would be applicable.\"St Mary's fee hike inspection on MondayAfter parents have alleged exorbitant fee hike by St Mary's on Friday, the DEO's office would inspect the allegation on Monday. The charge for the same has been entrusted with additional director R S Sharma. Besides fee hike between Rs 3,000 to 5,000 over last year, the school also forces children to take private tuition from certain teachers, the parents have alleged. This costs them around Rs 12,000 per year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15244284", "title": "Rs 50 lakh PDS wheat on way to Bangladesh seized", "text": "KOLKATA: Over 4,500 quintals of wheat worth over Rs 50 lakh and meant for distribution among the poor through the public distribution system were confiscated from the Kolkata port on Saturday hours before being smuggled to Bangladesh.A Bangladeshi vessel and 36 trucks were seized and 18 persons arrested. The 36 trucks left the Food Corporation of India godown at Oriental Jute Mill in Budge Budge around 2 pm. They were to deliver the wheat sacks at different flour mills from whe-re the flour was to be sent to fair price shops across the state. Instead, the trucks reached the port. The consignment was being briskly transferred to Bangladeshi vessel Al Khan Jahan Ali II when members of Kolkata Police's Enforcement Branch moved in.\"We have arrested 18 persons, including a Bangladeshi national. We hope to arrest many more involved in the racket,\" said deputy commissioner (EB) D Das. \"We are checking where exactly in Bangladesh the consignment was heading to. We have already unearthed a well-entrenched smuggling network involving transporters and flour mill owners. We are also checking if FCI and PDS officials are involved,\" said an EB official.City police chief R K Pachnanda vowed to get to the bottom of the racket and nab the entire gang. \"Smuggling food grains meant for the poor is a heinous crime,\" he said.In Bengal, 750 gm of wheat is provided per person per week under the BPL and Antyodoy Anna schemes. At urban centres, BPL cardholders pay Rs 4.65 while those under the Antyodoy scheme pay Rs 2 for that quantity it.In rural areas, the poor are distributed flour instead of wheat grain at Rs 5 per 750 gm packet. Most often, the flour packets sold are not fit for human consumption.Food and civil supplies minister Jyotipriya Mullick has ordered a probe into the smuggling racket led by the food commissioner. \"I have learnt that flour mill owners are behind the racket. No one will be spared. We have to end this habit of robbing the poor,\" he said.Leader of Opposition in the state assembly Surjya Kanta Mishra termed the seizure an important breakthrough. \"I hope the investigators will probe it thoroughly and nab the real culprits and not just those who act as frontmen,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15254522", "title": "I supported Mulayam when no one supported him, Shahid Siddiqui says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former MP and expelled Samajwadi Party leader Shahid Siddiqui on Sunday cried foul over his removal from the party.Reacting over his dismissal for conducting an Urdu interview with controversial Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi , Siddiqui said that Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav owed a lot of his popularity to him, as Siddiqui had written in his support at a time when no other publication had.\"Mulayam Singhji has been in politics for the last 40 years, and I have written a lot supporting him. My paper - Nai Duniya - has worked when nobody was supporting Mulayam Singhji in 1983, when he took out his first 'yatra' (journey). It was my paper which worked and wrote for Mulayam Singhji, and I have never asked him for any favour,\" he said.Siddiqui, who is the editor of Urdu weekly 'Nai Duniya', said that the Samajwadi Party's stance on the Modi interview was disrespectful of the freedom of the press, and that no party in his two decades of political life, had restricted his journalistic freedom.\"This is like shooting the messenger, and this attitude of the Samajwadi Party is not only laughable, but also a disrespect for any kind of freedom, not only freedom within the party, but even the freedom of expression and the freedom of the press. I have been in politics for the last 20 years, and I have been in journalism for the last 40 years, but no party ever stopped me from doing my journalistic work,\" he said.Going on to claim that he had written against former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi even when he was a member of the Congress, and had not drawn a vindictive reaction in return, Siddiqui added that just because he interviewed Modi did not mean that he supported the latter.\"I have opposed Modi tooth and nail all my life, and I oppose him even now. Interviewing somebody does not mean supporting that person. This shows that you are naive, you do not understand journalism, you do not understand what freedom is, and people who have this kind of attitude are, in fact, a threat to democracy if they are allowed to get away with this kind of attitude,\" Siddiqui said.Siddiqui started his political career with the Congress, moving on to the Samajwadi Party, followed by stints with the Bahujan Samaj Party ( BSP) and the Rashtriya Janata Dal ( RJD), before returning to the SP fold in January 2012, his latest spell lasting well under a year.Modi raised hackles when he refused to apologise for the Gujarat riots on the contention it would be an acknowledgement of his complicity.Modi has led Gujarat for over a decade, and there are speculations of his seeking a larger role in national politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15245280", "title": "Two days' rains end water woes of Aerodrome residents", "text": "INDORE: Continuous rains in the past couple of days gave residents Aerodrum area and its surrounding colonies a major reason to rejoice as their water woes are expected to end in the next few days. Torrential rains on Friday and Saturday recharged all the channels to Yeshwat Sagar, which supplies about 30 MLD water, mainly to these areas.Yeshwant Sagar had dried up in the first week of June and by the end of June, even the channels that bring water to the reservoir dried affecting the water supply to the city. For the past more than a month, the city had not been receiving water from Yeshwant Sagar. Now all the channels to the dam are filled and if rain continues for the next few more days, normal water supply from the dam can be resumed, said sources.Water works in-charge of the civic body, Sapna Saxena said that she visited Yeshwant Sangar and all the channels are full now. If the present climatic condition remains for the next few days, water supply from the dam could be resumed to the city. She added that over the year, they constructed several channels for bringing the rainwater from the nearby villages. Now it is showing result and these channels are full due to the continuous rains in the past couple of days. She said that water level in the dam will soon go up.Water level in other water sources of the city like Bada Bilwali, Chhoti Bilwali, Pipliyapala and Limbodi has also gone up and now IMC is planning to discontinue the tanker service in the next few days.\"With the continuous rains, ground water level has also increased and water level in the wells and tubewells improved and there will be no need for tankers,\" said officials adding that normally tanker service would be closed by July the previous years, but this year, the IMC had to continue it due to delay in monsoon.Manish Sharma, resident of Mahalaxmi said that they could draw water from their tubewell now and their dependency on water tanker would end.Areas benefited:Palhar Nagar and near by areas, Aerodrum Road area, Ramchandra Nagar, Kalani Nagar, Anjani Nagar, Vainkatesh Nagar, Ambikapuri, BSF Camp, Malharganj, Kadabean &amp; Sangam Nagar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15245590", "title": "Devanand Konwar asked to clarify stand on VCs", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Friday asked the chancellor of universities and governor Devanand Konwar to come up with his stand on July 30 through his lawyer to satisfy it that he had made effective consultation with the state government before appointing six VCs and four Pro-VCs.A division bench comprising Chief Justice Rekha M Doshit and Justice Ahsan Amanullah, while hearing two PILs challenging the appointment of the VCs and the Pro-VCs, was not satisfied with the argument of chancellor's lawyer Shashi Anugrah Narayan that the chancellor had consulted the chief minister on VCs' appointment at a one-to-one meeting at Raj Bhavan. Petitioners' counsel Y V Giri and additional advocate general Lalit Kishore submitted that the chancellor had not made an effective consultation with the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15243734", "title": "Operation brainstem for Nagpur resident", "text": "NAGPUR: Sixty-year-old Pushpa Ojha couldn't walk properly for quite some time and had difficulty in breathing as well. Initially she thought her weight (100kg) was the problem. But, gradually, when Ojha began to lose sensation in her left arm and leg, and could move about only on a wheelchair she hit the panic button.Her fears were right. Ojha had a tumour in the last portion of the brain - brainstem - where the brain joins the spinal cord. But, luckily, she was operated on time by a city neurosurgeon, the tumour removed and now Ojha is back on her feet.Brainstem tumours were considered untouchable until a few years ago by city neurosurgeons as this portion houses all the centres which regulate the vital functions of body. But, today, Ojha is not an isolated case. Dr Lokendra Singh of Central India Institute of Medical Sciences (CIIMS), Dr Parmod Giri of Super Speciality Hospital, Dr Chandrashekhar Pakhmode of Getwell Hospital and a few others have been doing these surgeries for the last 2-3 years. The surgery requires special skill and expertise, and a high resolution microscope.Though Singh has performed these operations on patients of all age groups, Giri and Pakhmode have focused mainly on children.Not every neurosurgeon in the country does brainstem surgeries as it requires a high level of skill and experience. \"The brainstem is the portion of brain which houses the centres responsible for vital body functions like breathing and working of heart. If the surgeon goes wrong even marginally the patient can have a paralytic stroke, heart failure etc,\" said Singh.Recalling his first such surgery, Dr Singh said, \"It was in the brainstem of a 9-year-old boy and it took me five hours to remove the tumour. I used a microscope for the operation for magnifying the spot.\"Ojha, a resident of Gulbarga in Karnataka, was brought to CIIMS by her son-in-law Girish Sharma who lives in the city. She is recovering faster than what the doctor said and is already walking with a walker. Since Ojha had a tumour operation 12 years back in Solapur, the family took her to a hospital earlier this time.29-year-old Manisha Singh, a housewife from a village near Jabalpur in Madhya Pradesh, used to complain of severe headaches. Her tumour was big and pressing the brainstem. It had begun to affect her vision of one eye and movement of left hand. \"She is taking time to recover but is responding well after the operation,\" said Rajkumar Singh, a farmer and Manisha's brother-in-law.Similarly, 32-year-old Deva Ahirawar, who is still admitted in CIIMS, is gradually improving. His was a real difficult and doubtful case as Singh suspected that Ahirawar's brainstem tumour could be cancerous. Ahirawar was refused surgeries by many hospitals in Bhopal, Indore, Raipur etc.A 13-year-old boy and a 15-year-old girl suffering from tuberculoma and benign tumour, respectively, were operated upon by Pakhmode. Giri informed that he operated on a four-year-old boy suffering from 'exo-phytic dorsal glycoma' or mid brain tumour successfully. \"Since it was cancerous tumour, the boy still has problem in vision while looking up but had he not been operated the case would have worsened,\" he said.Giri has also successfully removed a brainstem tumour which had caused facial palsy and paralysis on one side in a three-year-old child.Dr CM Deopujari, one of the renowned neurosurgeons in the country who does these surgeries at Bombay Hospital and Indian Institute of Neurosciences, is impressed that such surgeries are being done in Nagpur. \"Only non-cancerous tumours can be operated safely. Cancerous tumour can be removed to release pressure on brain but it may not cure the problem,\" he added.BoxDIFFICULTY FACTORBrain stem surgery is done by only a handful of doctors in the country and city. It requires both skill and experience.* Only well-defined or demarcated lesions and tumours can be removed* Complete removal of cancerous tumour may not be possible* Imaging techniques which allow mapping of the affected area can be used for better results* Results of surgery may be good but rehabilitation of such patients takes time and is not a magical procedure* Patients of tuberculoma required prolonged treatment even after operation", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "15245059", "title": "When in Calangute, tourists flock to this 'Raja's' durbar", "text": "CALANGUTE: Visitors to Calangute beach almost always encounter a handsome goat who hangs around at the main entrance to the beach.That's Raja, a pashmina goat who was raised by Vinod Kumar Roy, who sells toasted corn-on-the-cob to tourists near the Calangute Residency.It's one of those endearing stories of a man bonding with animals. It's around five years now since Roy purchased Raja from a butcher in Indore for 100. Raja's mother had just been slaughtered and was hanging from the hooks when Roy noticed two small baby goats in the shop. It turned out they were the new-born babies of the slaughtered goat. Even their eyes, he says, were yet to open.He asked the butcher if he would sell the babies to him, and ended up buying both for 200. Unfortunately, the other female goat died soon. But Raja remainedand is now a favourite fixture on Calangute beach.Says a woman vendor on the beach, \"He belongs to God.\" Hundreds of passing tourists pose for photos with Raja and everybody in the vicinity has taken a liking to him. Says another vendor of tender coconuts, \"Tourists give him soft drinks, even beer, chips and he eats and drinks it all. At nights or early mornings, he goes for a walk on the beach, but always comes back to his spot.\"This treatment by tourists may actually be detrimental to the goat's life. \"Beer, cold drinks, chips are not meant for animals, especially for goats. It is not part of its normal diet. Its digestive system is different from that of humans. This kind of food is harmful for the goat's health,\" said Astrid Almeida, a veterinarian at the International Animal Rescue - Assagao, when contacted by STOI.Roy, meanwhile, won't part with Raja for anything in the world. \"He's my son, my everything. A lot of people come and ask me to sell him at times like Eid. But how can I sell him, he's like my son.\" Besides Raja, Roy also has a virtual menagerie of around half a dozen dogs, a cat and even a stray cow, all of whom he feeds regularly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15244009", "title": "'Stop schemes and use money to build rural India'", "text": "Shetkari Sanghatana leader Ram Nevle says unless the government cut its flab, spending on unproductive plans and investing in creating agriculture infrastructure like smaller dams, warehousing, cold storage and freezing exports to make farming profitable, there was no hope for farmers. More so, in distressed Vidarbha where farmers await a much bleaker future because of a failed monsoon.Excerpts of an interview...Q. You have been associated with Shetkari Sanghatana for three decades. Has the farmer's condition improved during this period?A. Sharad Joshi left a cushy World Bank job in 1980 and moved by the unending poverty in India tried to find its causes. He found the glitzy urban India and despondent rural 'Bharat' were worlds apart. A village few kms away from New Delhi lacked roads, a school, sanitation and hospital. Then he formed Shetkari Sanghatana as he was convinced that unless the farmer's economic condition improved there was no way to bridge 'Bharat' with India. Many like me joined him enthusiastically to fight the farmers' cause.Q. What led to total collapse of the Sanghatana?A. Today the Sanghatana is past its prime. But it has the credit of giving voice to farmers of Maharashtra. For the first time, in the 80s, they left the confines of the village to participate in street-level mass agitation making the whole world notice. Heaping of police cases against Joshi (395 at one time) and other prominent workers, putting us in jail eventually broke the back of the most powerful farmers' movement in the country. Sanghatana can also take pride that most of the thoughts of Joshi were eventually adopted by all political parties and India signed the WTO treaty embracing open economy. At least the government gave loan waiver to farmers (once by VP Singh government and then by UPA-I). However, the Indian farmer continues to suffer as government policies are all designed to see that he wallows in poverty and he remains a voter who can be easily bought by dangling currency note or promises of welfare.Q. What do you think can ease the farmers' plight now?A. Each one of us needs to ponder why is only the poor who has to bear the brunt of all adversaries? This is the same Indian farmer whose hard toil has seen the country tide over era of scarcity in the 50s when our population was around 50 crore and we had to import wheat and other grains to feed our people. Today, the population is over 120 crore and yet we have surplus farm production, enough to feed all in the country and buffer stocks for the next two years. There is no place left to store the grains we produce. The irony is that still the average India farmer remains poor and unable to look after his family's needs of good life, education and health care.Policy changes are called for. All schemes of free or cheap foodgrains and doles in the name of poverty alleviation and to win votes should be stopped. These freebies that incur a subsidy bill of around Rs80,000 crore of public money are creating armies of lazy people and an alarming shortage of farm labour. We urgently need to stop several of unproductive government schemes and divert its funds to build rural infrastructure like smaller dams, warehouses and cold storage, roads connecting villages to ports and airports and to remove all restrictions on farm exports. A major exercise is required to revise prices of farm produce so that a farmer gets remunerative prices based on input costs. The media also should highlight farmers' plight. More than 2.65 farmers have committed suicide in the country in over a decade but still farming issues get poor coverage in mass media.Q. How will the farmer face a failed monsoon this year?A. More than six weeks into the kharif season, rains have been scanty. The picture is already worrisome as not even 50% sowing has been completed. Of the 1.42 lakh hectares under kharif, sowing could be taken up till date only in 66 lakh hectares because of insufficient rains. To add to farmers' woes, input costs of fertilizers and pesticides, labour costs have doubled. The young generation does not want to take up farming and prefers to migrate from villages to cities looking for lowly jobs. All this is bound the hit village economies. A drought once in five years is expected but this would only worsen the situation of already distressed farmers of Vidarbha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15242824", "title": "Citizens to file PIL on property tax policy", "text": "MUMBAI: Citizens' groups across the city are getting ready to move court against the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) over its plan to slap them with retrospective property tax bills calculated according to the new capital-value based system.Advanced locality management and networking action committee (ALMANAC) in Chembur and H (West) ward federation in Bandra (W), which had termed the new tax system \"draconian\", have appointed advocate Uday Warunjikar to file a public interest litigation in the high court on behalf of citizens' groups.Owners of buildings (residential as well as commercial) that came up after 2010 will have to pay property tax arrears from April 2010 in this financial year. For older buildings, which have been receiving provisional bills, the final bill will be adjusted to reflect the outstanding or refund amount calculated according to the new system.The civic body will send the bills by August-end. Every flat owner will be sent details, such as user category, nature of the building and floor number, that determine a property's capital value. Citizens will get 21 days to raise objections, if any, about the bill.Chairperson of ALMANAC Rajkumar Sharma said, \"Our objections and suggestions were not taken into consideration. If the BMC delayed framing the policy, why should citizens pay for it with retrospective effect from April 2010. The draft also states property tax will increase every five years by 40%. This means it will be revised again in 2013,\" said Sharma.Pointing out that an amendment in the BMC Act says that property tax should be collected on the basis of carpet area, Sharma said, \"Yet, the new rules base the calculation on built-up area. The BMC will also charge for open areas, security cabins and water-treatment tanks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15242688", "title": "Residents cry \u2018fire\u2019 over RTR plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Within days of RITES proposing some solutions to deal with the Rao Tula Ram (RTR) flyover mess, prominent residents who live along Outer Ring Road (Palam Marg stretch) have started protesting against the width of their service lane being reduced if an additional flyover was constructed.Arguing that this could become \"a matter of life and death\", journalist Karan Thapar has written to lieutenant-governor Tejendra Khanna, pleading that \"at all cost the service lane between houses 1 to 8, Palam Marg (Olaf Palme Marg), must not be further reduced in width but retained at its present width.\"In the letter dated July 13, Thapar claimed he was speaking on behalf of other residents. \"I know that Aroon Purie, Editor-in-Chief of India Today and Aajtak, and Harmala Gupta, daughter of late Lt. Gen. Harbaksh Singh, endorse and support the request I am making in this letter...\"Construction of an additional three-lane flyover along the existing flyover on RTR Marg is one of the solutions proposed to deal with the traffic mess in the area created by the narrow flyover constructed by PWD. It has since then been made two-way but the problem has only got compounded.In a written reply to TOI, Thapar said that he, along with Purie and Harmala Gupta, has approached the RWA several times and also met the CM and L-G besides writing to them.\"My concern about the proposal...is that this will entail reducing the width of the service lane outside House Nos 1-8 from the present width of 6m, which is already one metre less than the width of the service lane outside House Nos 9-24, to just 4.5 metres,\" said Thapar. \"The reason this worries me is that even with the present width of 6m, fire tenders cannot with ease access houses on this stretch of the service lane.\"He recalled that in May 2010, the top flat at the rear of the building on 2, Palam Marg, was almost completely burnt. He claimed one of the reasons was that not one of the six fire tenders could enter the premises. \"This is because the lane is too narrow for their turning wheel or turning access, as it's called. Consequently, all the fire tenders had to fight the fire from outside the premises, parked in the service lane.\"\"If the width of the service lane is further reduced to 4.5m, I don't believe fire tenders will even be able to drive down the lane...this would mean that if any of these properties catch fire, it could quickly turn into a death-trap for the residents. I believe the same applies to ambulances,\" he added.However, Delhi fire chief AK Sharma, told TOI: \"There is no rule for a minimum width of a service lane for fire services. We have vehicles of all sizes and it is not always required to drive up to a house in order to douse a fire. We usually park at the nearest available spot.\" Fire officials said these houses are mostly low-rise buildings and in the event of a fire, tenders may not necessarily be required to enter the service lane.\"We have communicated to the authorities that the fire department has no issue with the service lane being reduced for the good of the majority,\" said a senior fire officer, who didn't wish to be quoted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15245305", "title": "Visitors throng Patalpani as waterfall starts", "text": "INDORE: Rains during the last days have revived the natural springs and water bodies that started overflowing from Saturday as the famous picnic spot of Patalpani started attracting tourists. The spot became famous after a video about a family being swept away went viral on the net last year.About 160 mm rains were recived in Mhow and nearby areas during the past two days.The picnic spot which wore a deserted look till last Sunday is expected to receive several visitors and locals are bracing up for the turnout. A snacks shop at the vehicle parking stand and a dhaba, about half a kilometer away from the spot are functional keeping in view of the rush of visitors.Patalpani waterfall is very famous and loved by the visitors of not only of Mhow and Indore but also from the nearby districts. The water of Choral River that flows from Choral dam falls at this spot from a height of about 150 meters and reaches Choral village situated on Indore- Khandwa road before merging into the Narmada River.In the last three decades, about 70 people have died in this waterfall, most of them when they tried to get too close to the water fall. The administration has placed a signboard near the spot that states about the death of people asking visitors to exercise caution while venturing into the water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15245757", "title": "Mohilary asks PM to order inquiry into clash", "text": "Simang DaimaryKOKRAJHAR: Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) chief Hagrama Mohilary on Saturday urged Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to institute an inquiry into the current ethnic clash between Bodos and Bengali-speaking Muslims.In a memorandum to the PM in Kokrajhar, he asked Singh not to ignore the role of immigrant Mulsims in instigating people to demand dissolution of the Bodoland Territorial Council. He alleged that O-Boro Suraksha Samitee, an organization of immigrant Muslims backed by a handful of non-minority communities living outside the BTC area, has always been trying to create trouble in Bodoland.A former rebel leader, Mohilary had led a bloody insurgent movement for a separate Bodoland state before his group - the Bodo Liberation Tigers (now disbanded) - signed the Bodo Accord in 2003. According to it, the BTC was formed under Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. He then formed the Bodoland People's Front (BPF) and now runs the council. The BPF is also a coalition partner of Congress in the state government.Mohilary demanded strict action against those who created such a volatile situation in Kokrajhar and Chirang districts. He said the two districts witnessed mass exodus of people in five days. Approximately 60,000 families, numbering around three lakh people, have been displaced and forced to take shelter in relief camps.Seeking immediate restoration of peace, the BTC chief said people living in relief camps should be rehabilitated with proper security. He sought Rs 10 lakh as rehabilitation grant for each of the affected families from the PM.According to Mohilary, the genesis of the violence could be traced to the activities of those who have opposed the creation of BTC. \"After the formation of BTC and its subsequent all-round development, irrespective of caste, creed and religion, the agents inimical to the creation of the council were always found to be not happy and created all sorts of hindrances in development activities and spread false rumours,\" the memorandum reads.Though Bodos are the dominant community, the BTC area also has other communities like Santhalis, immigrants Muslims, Bengalis, Rajbongshis, Rabhas, Garos, Nepalis, and Hindi-speaking people. As armed militants are still active in BTC area, killings, kidnappings and extortions are still on.Mohilary said, \"Forces inimical to the creation of BTC always spread false rumours blaming the Bodos for all such crimes, thereby dividing society on communal lines. Investigation into most crimes in BTC areas has clearly indicated that some anti-socials are trying to foment trouble in Bodoland.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15246036", "title": "Zero tolerance for rule breakers", "text": "LUDHIANA: Rash and negligent driving has become synonymous with city motorists. Overshooting the speed limit has become the norm and making matters worse is the fact that neither MC nor police are equipped to tackle the situation.Talking to TOI, inspector Beant Juneja admitted that the speed radars available were not functional. Though we will soon get new radars, the MC first needs to install speed notification on roads, he claimed. Not sure whether the civic body was responsible for installing the notification, municipal commissioner Rakesh Verma told TOI: If it's the duty of my department, I'll make sure the work is given top priority so that Ludhiana has safer roads soon.But for those who have lost loved ones in road accidents, the wait is killing.A speeding car rammed into my father Harmeet Singh on Jagraon Bridge in May while he was coming from office. He was so badly injured that he could not even get up and see the registration number of the car. I was driving nearby and when I reached the accident spot, I saw my father lie surrounded with blood. He suffered head injuries and was admitted in CMCH, where he lost his life after remaining in coma for a long time,a?? said Amanpreet, a businessman and resident of old city.He added that though a case was registered, the accused is still at large. a??Reckless driving needs to be punished and the city needs to learn some traffic sense, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15243405", "title": "Reduce and recycle water, advise experts", "text": "NAGPUR: As with all limited natural resources, the three R's - reduce, reuse and recycle - are important for fresh water too. Much pressure on the world's water resources can be abated if grey water, or water used for activities like washing and bathing, can be recycled.Scientists and administrators from the city came together on Saturday to discuss water management in townships to mark the occasion of World Nature Conservation Day at a workshop organized by Indian Water Works Association.\"In the West, waste management has emerged as a separate science. In India, only 20% water is being recycled, the other 80% contributing to polluting the sources of water. The fact that we have water scarcity every summer means we need to introspect seriously on this issue,\" said Nagpur Improvement Trust chairman Praveen Darade.Chairman of the state environmental appraisal committee Sukumar Devotta compared the situation in Mumbai and Nagpur, saying this is just the right time for the city to plan its expansion. \"The Supreme Court has had to ban expansion in the coastal areas of the state as waste management in these areas is becoming a big issue. This makes it mandatory for the builders to give a thought to ways of reusing and recycling grey water,\" he said.Ramesh Daryapurkar, CEO of city-based company Lars Enviro, presented an interesting case study of township sewage treatment operating in a medical college campus in Karnataka with the insight on its capital and operating cost. He demonstrated economic viability of sewage recycling system using ultrafiltration system with attractive returns through recycling of treated sewage for useful purposes such as toilet flushing, gardening and for other high-end uses. He also showed that the charges, if shared by apartment owners, are quite affordable.Pawan Labshetwar, secretary of the association and head of water technology and management division at NEERI, informed how using the grey water for flushing and gardening is being done at NEERI campus. \"Around 60% of the water one uses, amounting from 85 to 100 litres, is for bathing and washing which can be segregated and treated to be used for activities like flushing and gardening. Using simple methods of filtration, we have been able to recycle 500 litres of water every day,\" he said.Co-ordinator of Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) for Nagpur Municipal Corporation P Urade, said this problem has to be solved at the city and individual level. \"NMC is treating 25% of the 350 MLD water generated each day. The deficit of untreated water is huge. We have already prepared an index map of water use and reuse in the city and a proposal has been sent to reuse 275 MLD water. Mahagenco has demanded 130 MLD water in a project that will cost around Rs131 crore. This project will not only reduce pollution but also earn a revenue of Rs15 crore for NMC,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15245445", "title": "'Create awareness about UPA achievements'", "text": "PATNA: Senior leaders of Bihar Pradesh Congress Committee (BPCC) on Saturday exhorted the party's block presidents to publicise the achievements of the Manmohan Singh-led UPA-I and UPA-II governments among common masses and take effective steps to strengthen the party up to village level.Addressing a daylong workshop of newly elected presidents of block Congress committees at Sadaqat Ashram here, the BPCC leaders also suggested the block presidents to inform villagers about the financial grants being provided to the state by the UPA government.In his inaugural address, BPCC president Choudhary Mehboob Ali Kaisar advised the block presidents to begin a series of awareness campaigns at the village level about the \"financial mismanagement\" of the NDA government in state. He asked the block presidents to tell people as to how the NDA government in Bihar was misutilising the funds provided by the UPA government.\"The workshop is aimed at establishing direct communication between block presidents and party's state leadership as well as sharing ideas on how to strengthen the party,\" Kaisar told the block presidents.Kaisar asked the partymen to hoist the party flag at the rooftop of their respective houses on August 20, the birth anniversary of former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi. He also vowed to form the party's panchayat level committees within a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15242720", "title": "Anti-corruption bureau lens on water resources minister\u2019s deals", "text": "MUMBAI: The anti-corruption bureau (ACB) will probe allegations of graft against state water resources minister Sunil Tatkare, who has been under fire for his family's large land holdings in Raigad district.The senior NCP leader's role has come under the scanner for the reported inflated cost of dam projects handled by the irrigation department. The state water resources department also came under scrutiny after TOI's recent expose on the highly-inflated costs of irrigation projects.In a reply to a query filed under the RTI Act by BJP national secretary Kirit Somaiya, the state ACB said its officer in-charge of Thane has launched a probe into allegations of money laundering and land grabbing against Tatkare.The agency will also seek assistance from the Enforcement Directorate, income tax department and Securities and Exchange Board of India. Somaiya claimed Tatkare created front companies with bogus addresses and forged documents to route black money through 'a web of companies'. The senior BJP leader had approached the ACB and appealed to the minister of corporate affairs to investigate these businesses.Meanwhile, India Against Corruption representatives met CM Prithviraj Chavan and presented fresh findings on cost escalations in four projects at Kondhane, Balganga, Kalu and Shai. According to the findings, the cost of the Kondhane project rose to Rs 614 crore from Rs 56 crore, and Balganga's cost increased to Rs 1,310 crore from Rs 420 crore. The cost of Kalu jumped to Rs 1,400 crore from the initial Rs 640 crore and Shai's grew to Rs 1,339 crore from Rs 410 crore.\"Looking at the irregularities in the Kondhane project, the governor had initiated a probe, but a reply given to us by the principal secretary of the irrigation department is full of lies,\" stated the IAC report. Nearly Rs 70,000 crore has been pumped into 1,200 irrigation projects across Maharashtra in the past decade, officials claim. However, a majority of these projects are incomplete and the area under irrigation increased by only 0.1%. Tatkare had put the figure at Rs 42,000 crore and claimed 5.17% additional land was brought under irrigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15246027", "title": "11,000 Central forces at Assam government\u2019s disposal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The home ministry has authorized the Assam government to use all existing 116 companies (11,600 personnel) of Central forces, which have been stationed there for counter-insurgency operations, to restore normalcy in the riot-hit districts in lower Assam. So far, the state has pressed eight companies of Central forces into action in the affected areas.The Centre also rushed around 6,500 paramilitary personnel to lower Assam over the last week after ethnic clashes between Bodos and Muslims spinned out of control, claiming 52 lives and rendering around 4 lakh homeless. The rest of the forces may be used if the local administration feels the need after reviewing the ground situation in Kokrajhar, Chirang and Dhubri districts.So far, 7,300 personnel of paramilitary forces have been deployed in the strife-torn districts, and most of them were sent from other states like Jamshedpur in Jharkhand and Imphal in Manipur.The Centre has dispatched a C-130J Hercules aircraft with two medical teams and relief materials for the displaced in different camps. Home secretary R K Singh said teams of National Disaster Response Force along with experts on drinking water and sanitation have also been sent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15247196", "title": "What ails the generic drug?", "text": "Soft drinks, hair oil, biscuits, medicine \u2014 these are the wares on sale at the Jan Aushadhi store at Delhi's Shastri Bhawan. The store's half-bare shelves \u2014 one of 117 run by the Union government's pharma department \u2014 tell their own story. In a country where even the middle-class run up debts treating a single bout of an illness, these cheaper drugs should be the norm.But prescription and sale of drugs by their generic name is less than 40% in India. Branded drugs rule the roost. Ironically, India is one of the world's largest exporters of generic drugs. It exports to over 200 countries, including the highly regulated markets of US, Europe, Japan and Australia.Generic or non-patented drugs come in two versions. The first are those sold under their generic or chemical composition name, say paracetamol. The other is those sold by drug manufacturers under brand-names. Over 1000 pharma companies sell paracetamol under various names. One calls it crocin, another calls it lupisulide.\"There are about 300 drugs on our list. But we keep only those which sell the most \u2014 antibiotics, analgesics, antidiabetics,\" says a pharmacist at the store. He says sales are low as the general impression is that cheaper drugs may not be as effective. Not just that, doctors do not prescribe them either. Sumit Khurana, who runs the Jan Aushadhi store in Delhi's Deen Dayal Upadhyay (DDU) Hospital agrees. \"Generics we sell are 20% the price of branded drugs. Popular brands of paracetamol cost Rs 10 a strip of 10 tabs, whereas its non-branded, generic equivalent costs only Rs 2.45 per strip. Still, patients tend to go for the former.\"The situation at Jan Aushadhi stores in states like Punjab, Haryana and Orissa is no better. So why are patients at home not buying?NOT IN PRESCRIPTIONA primary reason is that doctors don't prescribe them. A study by Maulana Azad Medical College's pharmacology department at DDU showed that only 35% prescriptions mentioned drugs by their generic name. The rest advised costlier, branded versions. This is common in most hospitals, sarkari or private. In the US, almost 80% prescriptions name generic drugs. In the UK, the generic prescription rate is 82%.Dr Anoop Misra of Fortis Hospitals says doctors here prescribe branded drugs because there is surety of quality and efficacy. He points to a cynicism among doctors about generics. \"That exists because the government's regulatory mechanism to check sale of spurious drugs in the name of generic drugs is simply not efficient, unlike in the US,\" he says.Dr A K Dewan, medical director of Rajiv Gandhi Cancer Institute, says the problem in India is compounded by hundreds of generic versions for one drug. \"Regulators should allow limited branded generics of a particular compound and ensure quality,\" he says, adding that benefits of generic prescription are huge for patients suffering from prolonged illnesses such as cancer, HIV and diabetes. ''Most cancer drugs are costly. For example, Nexavar (a pioneer drug), used for treatment of liver and kidney cancer costs Rs 3 lakh per month for 120 tabs. The generic version costs Rs 7,000 per month. Another branded drug for lung cancer and head and neck cancer earlier cost Rs 80,000 per month for 100 tabs but with generic medicines available, it has come down to Rs 7,500. Even original manufacturers are forced to reduce prices to remain competitive,\" he says.PRICING PAINSIrregularities in pricing of generic medicines is a major concern. A recent case at Delhi's AIIMS is a case in point. A 24x7 store announced 56% discount on medicines. The store did not mention that its supply was of generics that are anyway cheaper. The store stocked generics made by profiteering drugmakers who kept the MRP as high as that of branded drugs. This is unethical, as being a generic drug, the maker's cost is a fraction (see box). On the MRP, the pharmacy offered a discount. In the AIIMS case, a lesser-known generic version of sulbactum and cefoperazone (2g) \u2014 an antibiotic for serious infections \u2014 was being sold at MRP of Rs 525 (before discount) while the company that owns the research molecule sells it for Rs 598. Several other generic drugs with the same molecule are available for less than Rs 250.Clearly, the industry needs monitoring. But, the Central Drugs Standard Control Organisation, the country's top drug regulatory body, is woefully understaffed \u2014 only 124 out of 327 sanctioned posts are filled. It also lacks sufficient lab facilities to check quality of medicines. Health ministry officials point out that while tests are conducted to check chemical composition of a generic drug, there are none to ensure 'bioequivalence' or its efficacy compared to the pioneer drug.GOVT'S PILLThe big challenges to making generic drugs popular are a lack of doctors' buy-in and a lack of awareness among patients. These are yet unresolved.The government plans to increase the number of Jan Aushadhi stores to 3,000 by 2016. Dr Jagdish Prasad, director-general of health services, says that the Centre has launched a policy initiative for patients visiting public health facilities to get free medicines and doctors will have to prescribe generic drugs. \"We are preparing a guideline for a central procurement cell. States will have their own Essential Drugs List based on diseases that affect them most,\" he adds. Tamil Nadu provides free medicines at public health centres, while Rajasthan started last October. But most Indians spend out of their pocket. Out-of pocket spend accounts for 78% of health expenditure in India. Drugs alone account for 72% of what Indian families spend to stay healthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15243398", "title": "Olympics unites a world full of divisive forces: Amitabh Bachchan", "text": "Just as the Olympic torch relay bandwagon turned the corner to the intersection of Peckham Road and Bellenden Road in the London Borough of Southwark , there was a massive cheer from the thousand or so Indians present on both sides of the road. They had caught their first glimpse of Amitabh Bachchan , smiling and jogging with the Olympic torch in hand in really hot and scorching conditions. Bachchan enjoyed every moment of this historic run, an experience he later recounted to Boria Majumdar .Obviously you are feeling good having run with the torch. What does it mean to you as an Indian to do this, especially when 6% of London's population is Indian?May be because there are so many Indians here that I was asked to run with the torch. I was absolutely overwhelmed when my good friend Sebastian Coe asked me to do so. It was a proud moment for I was representing my country, the Bollywood film industry and the entire South Asian community here. I am not a sportsperson but was called upon to run with the torch because the Olympics isn't simply a sports competition. The torch relay, for example, brings together people from across the world and cuts across all barriers of colour, creed, affluence and class. At a time when there are divisive forces all around us, the Olympics is one event which brings the world together. That's what makes it special and that's why I was really proud to be a part of it.Many legends have run with the torch in the last 69 days. Sir Roger Bannister, for example, did the honours in Oxford. Don't you feel the symbolism associated with the torch is what makes it special?Ah! What a name you have taken. Sir Roger Bannister. When I was in Sherwood College School, my principal who was a Welshman first mentioned Sir Roger Bannister to me. He had just run the mile under four minutes for the first time in history and that memory of the four-minute barrier being broken has stayed with me till today. I was delighted to see him run with the torch some days earlier. Also, it feels great to know that soldiers and other men of distinction have done the honour of running with the Olympic torch, which, to me signifies global peace and harmony. It is this symbolism which makes the torch relay such a significant part of the Olympics.Will you be watching any of the events at the Olympics and are you closely following any of India's medal hopes in London?Look, I am aware that this is the strongest Indian contingent of all time. The 81 athletes are the very best men and women we have in India and I wish them all the very best. Some time back, we were just known as a hockey playing nation. At these Olympics we have a very good chance of winning a medal in so many disciplines. Our shooters, boxers, including a woman, have done very well. Then there are the archers and the wrestlers. I will surely follow our athletes and hope they do really well.The most important thing about the Olympic torch is that it can never be commercialized. Rather, the flame can never be sponsored. It is the ultimate Olympic ritual and is the symbol of integration and harmony. Does it make you happy that you have actually been a part of this ritual?For me, the most important thing was to see the thousands waiting on both sides of the roads to see the torch relay. If you had noticed there were Indians and South Asians, Afro-Caribbean people, East Asians, Londoners and a host of others. So there was a huge mix of people from varied backgrounds who had come to enjoy the relay. You don't need a ticket to be part of the relay and even if you don't have a ticket to watch the Olympics, this is your opportunity to be a part of the games. That's what made my experience humbling and satisfying. It felt good to be able to do this at this age when running around isn't easy!As a young Indian of 70, does it make you proud that a completely different field, i.e. the field of sport, has accorded you this recognition?Absolutely. I had initially thought 'why me'? But there is little doubt that I felt absolutely delighted and honoured when I was asked to be part of the torch run. This replica will indeed have a place of pride back home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "15247022", "title": "Indian youngsters gearing to replace ageing stars", "text": "COLOMBO: Team India is going through a transitional phase as there are quite a few ageing players, especially batsmen, who are at the fag end of their careers.Rahul Dravid has already hung up his boots and others like VVS Laxman and Sachin Tendulkar will follow suit and it is only a matter of time.There are also younger players around who will be filling the spots vacated in the next couple of years. While the transition has already been underway in the ODIs, the real test will be the transition in the Test team.With a couple of Test series coming up in the next few months, India will need at least a couple of batsmen to fill into the shoes of Dravid and possibly Laxman in the up future.\"We have a few talented players around, who have been identified by the team management,\" Gautam Gambhir told this correspondent just before the third ODI against Sri Lanka at the Premadasa stadium.\"Look at Rohit Sharma. He is a talented lad and bats fluently. Whenever we see him in the nets he looks impressive. It's just that he is going through a lean phase. A couple of big innings and he will turn a new corner. Tiwari too looks so confident. He has been round on the domestic circuit for some years now and is a consistent performer. I am sure he is waiting for a chance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15245232", "title": "Nizam's 'guests' at Mecca chosen through lucky draw", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a bid to bring about transparency in the process of selection of pilgrims for accommodation in the Nizam's Rubath, residential buildings for pilgrims in Mecca, a draw of lots was held on Saturday. Accommodation for 367 pilgrims was decided through the draw.Mohammed Hussain Al Shareef, caretaker of the buildings, said that the online application and draw system was introduced this year to bring in more transparency in the allotment of accommodation to the Haj pilgrims.Explaining the process of selection to the media-persons, he said, \"There is capacity to accommodate 408 people in two buildings which are located in the vicinity of the Al-Haram or the grand mosque. Of this, 10 % has been reserved for the kin of the Nizam.\" The remaining 367 were selected through an electronic draw of lots. He added that another building for accommodation may come up in two years in order to accommodate at least 1000 pilgrims.When asked about the alleged irregularities in his appointment as custodian, he maintained that his appointment was done through the court in Saudi Arabia and he has been serving in that capacity for 16 years after the demise of his father, who was appointed the custodian of the Rubath in 1980 and served until his death in 1996.The original Rubath properties were bought during the time of the fifth Nizam, Nawab Afzalud Dawlah Bahadur and have ever since been used to accommodate poor pilgrims arriving to perform Haj and Umrah free of cost. They were however later acquired by the government of Saudi Arabia and brought down during the expansion of the grand mosque.The present Rubath buildings, which came up later, were bought from the compensatory money given by the Saudi government.Interestingly, the members of the Nizam Wakf Committee that look after the affairs of the Rubath were conspicuous by their absence at the draw. The venue of the draw was shifted to Hotel Taj Krishna at the last minute fearing security issues. No pilgrim was present during Saturday's event.According to sources, the committee and the caretaker are at loggerheads, with the committee members and the general power of attorney (GPA) holder of the Nizam, Saleh Syed Jabri, alleging that funds collected as way of rent from Nizam's properties have been misused by Al-Shareef.\"The Nizam or the GPA holder can alone appoint the custodian. We have been contesting the appointment for five years now. The bid to change the process without involving the wakf committee raises eyebrows. The Rubath and the income from the properties are being misused. We are fighting this case in the high court of Saudi Arabia,\" said Jabri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15245850", "title": "Tariff hike fails to shock consumers", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The tariff shock has not cured average Malayali's 'power' syndrome.Statistics available with Kerala State Electricity Board shows that power consumption has gone up despite a 30% hike in tariff.A day after the tariff hike, the state consumed half a million more units. Consumers across the state had used 55.53 million units on July 25, a day before the hike. The Kerala State Electricity Regulatory Commission revised tariff on July 26 and consumption level crept to 55. 64 mu on that day. It further jumped to 56.24 mu the next day \u2014 July 27.For the last few days, KSEB had purposefully reduced the power generation at its hydel units in view of the near drought situation across the state.Meanwhile, top officials in the board have ruled out any decision on the part of the KSEB management to introduce power restrictions, including power cut in view of the acute power shortage due to the loss of monsoon rains.\"We have not yet recommended load shedding. Now, the crisis is more connected with money than power. KSEB can provide power by running all of its thermal stations in full capacity. But cost of this power would come around Rs 10 per unit. If consumers are willing to pay additional amount for the power KSEB generates from thermal stations, the question of power cut or restrictions doesn't arise at all\", said one of the members of Kerala State Electricity Board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15244359", "title": "ATM van staff being grilled", "text": "BANGALORE: Police are questioning two custodians of cash Santosh Kumar and Gajendra as well as the gunman Motaiah accompanying an ATM cash van loaded with Rs 44 lakh which was driven away by a replacement driver on Friday evening.Santosh Kumar, 24, alerted the police control room around 4pm stating that the Tata Sumo in which he was taking Rs 1 crore to fill ATM machines of State Bank of India in Yelahanka and Kogilu had been hijacked. The driver made four men board the SUV and after some distance asked the two custodians to get down from the vehicle.After they got down, the driver started the vehicle and drove away with the remaining Rs 44 lakh and the gunman. Santosh is being grilled to check whether he had connived with the driver or it was a drama staged by the three men accompanying the driver. The gunman was dumped near Kolar.DCP (North) HS Revanna told STOI that police are looking for the vehicle which may have gone either towards Kolar, Nelamangala or Chikkaballapur.Vehicle tracedPulikeshinagar police traced the Hyundai I-10 car robbed from Karthik Selvaraj, 25, an executive of a private firm in Bellandur near Richards Park on Pottery Road near Frazer Town on July 11.The car (KA-03-ML-9647) was traced at Shankarapuram near Basavanagudi on Thursday evening. \"After taking all the fingerprints found in the car, we'll complete the court procedures and hand over the car to Karthik,\" the officer said.\"We checked the ATM at Indiranagar where the culprits had withdrawn cash using Karthik's ATM card. But as the memory of the CCTV camera and image taker was full, pictures of the culprits were not available,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15245234", "title": "Calicut University Senate amends rules to increase seats", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The meeting of the Calicut University Senate held on Saturday amended the university statutes to implement the proposed increase in seats for degree and post graduate courses.The university syndicate meeting held on Thursday had decided to increase seats in arts and science colleges affiliated to the varsity.With the amendment of the statutes, the colleges will now be able to admit 40 students for language degree courses, 50 for arts and 30 students for science subjects. The seats for bachelor of business administration (BBA) and bachelor of multimedia communication (BMMC) courses have been increased to 50 and 40 respectively. The seats for the PG courses will be increased by up to 60%.The meeting also conferred various degrees to 18,640 students. The degrees include undergraduate and post graduate degrees along with 14 PhD degrees.The senate meeting also amended the university statutes to give 30% reservation for existing casual labourers while making appointments to last grade posts. The full-time sweepers will get 20% reservation in the last grade appointments. This will leave the open quota to just 50%. The meeting also decided to ask the syndicate standing committee to look into the issue of statute modifications to facilitate choice-based credit semester system for private degree courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15251682", "title": "Working after 8 months of pregnancy as harmful for babies as smoking", "text": "LONDON: The effect of continuing to work during the late stages of pregnancy was equal to that of smoking while pregnant, a new study has found.Babies whose mothers worked or smoked throughout pregnancy grew more slowly in the womb.The University of Essex research - conducted by three economists, Francesconi, Emilia Del Bono and John Ermisch- found that women who worked after they were eight months pregnant had babies on average around 230g (0.5lb) lighter than those who stopped work between six and eight months.Past research has shown babies with low birth weights are at higher risk of poor health and slow development, and may suffer from a variety of problems later in life.Stopping work early in pregnancy was particularly beneficial for women with lower levels of education, the study found - suggesting that the effect of working during pregnancy was possibly more marked for those doing physically demanding work.The birth weight of babies born to mothers under the age of 24 was not affected by them continuing to work, but in older mothers the effect was more significant.The researchers identified 1,339 children whose mothers were part of the British Household Panel Survey, which was conducted between 1991 and 2005, and for whom data was available.A further sample of 17,483 women who gave birth in 2000 or 2001 and who took part in the Millennium Cohort Study was also examined and showed similar results, along with 12,166 from the National Survey of Family Growth, relating to births in the US between the early 1970s and 1995.Prof Marco Francesconi, one of the authors of the study, said the government should consider incentives for employers to offer more flexible maternity leave to women who might need a break before, rather than after, their babies were born.\"We know low birth weight is a predictor of many things that happen later, including lower chances of completing school successfully, lower wages and higher mortality. We need to think seriously about parental leave, because - as this study suggests - the possible benefits of taking leave flexibly before the birth could be quite high,\" the Guardian quoted him as saying.The study also suggests British women may be working for longer now during pregnancy. While 16% of mothers questioned by the British Household Panel Study, which went as far back as 1991, worked up to one month before the birth, the figure was 30 in the Millennium Cohort Study, whose subjects were born in 2000 and 2001.The research appeared in the July edition of the Journal of Labour Economics, published by the University of Chicago .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15252079", "title": "Everyone I know tells me to chill out: Reema Kagti", "text": "The room Reema Kagti meets us in at her producer's office is sparse. An iMac , a glass-top table, ivory-upholstered sofas that are comfortable, but not the sort you'd sink in to, and mellow yellow lights. Basic. Barebone. Silent. Not the sort of room that lets you in on the fun it has witnessed the previous night.A similar description would hold for Kagti, too.The 39-year-old directorscriptwriter was recently in a storm that involved Aamir Khan , his obsession with quality (pre-release tactic? elephant in the room?), Kagti's second directorial venture, Talaash , and its release date. She wishes to clear the air: \"There is no problem between Aamir and me. The film will release on November 30. Aamir will definitely promote the film,\" she says, emphatically.We only wish she'd let on more. \"How open are you to suggestions that an actor may make to a director?\" we ask. \"You have to be open,\" she replies. \"Filmmaking is collaborative work. So I'll take a good suggestion no matter whose it is \u2014 my lead actor's, or my AD's.\"\"For instance, I wanted Aamir's uniform to have a frayed look. I was getting really 'micro' into how many washes it would take for the shirt to look like that. Then Aamir told the wardrobe guy, 'Don't give a clean shirt for laundry. Dirty it with mud and polish first, else the laundrywala will think we're mad to ask him to wash a perfectly clean shirt twice.' That's what I am talking about. He is completely obsessive about his films, and so am I.\"To get a sense of Kagti's kind of obsession however, we'd have to go back to the mid-90s, when fresh out of a mass media course from Sophia Polytechnic, Kagti refused to intern at a television company or advertisement agency. \"I wanted to make films after I saw Salaam Bombay in Class 9. It was the first Hindi film I'd seen that was not from the commercial mould.\"A 20-something Kagti began to work for Fatso director Rajat Kapoor on his first film, Private Detective. \"It was a very small budget film. They couldn't afford assistants, so I worked in each department. I worked on the script with Rajat, with the editor, and sound recordist.\"Kagti went on to assist in Bombay Boys, where she met and trained under Apoorva Lakhia, then a first assistant on the sets. Simultaneously, Kagti applied to the Film and Television Institute of India, but her application was rejected \u2014 four times.\"They just never took me in,\" she laughs. \"I didn't take it too badly, because I knew I'll be making films someday. But yeah, applying to FTII was a ritual for a few years.\"Kagti worked as an assistant director on a number of projects, including Lagaan, Dil Chahta Hai, and Lakshya. In 2007, she wrote and directed her first film, Honeymoon Travels Pvt Ltd. By then, she says, things had changed in the industry.\"When multiplexes came up, the demand for films that were different from conventional single screen films increased. We were now catering to a more urban audience. The year that Honeymoon... released, 50 new directors made their debut. That has not happened in decades. Lucky me,\" says Kagti.Yet, around 2004, Kagti probably didn't feel all that lucky. The first script she wrote \u2014 before Honeymoon... even \u2014 \"never went anywhere.\" \"It was a love story gone wrong. It was very dark. Even now, when I bring it up with my producer, he gulps and says, ' Arre yaar , forget about that script.' I think it makes him nervous,\" she laughs.Kagti now chooses to write scripts in collaboration. She worked with Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara director, Zoya Akhtar on the 2011 film. Akhtar and Kagti wrote Talaash together, and are working on two other films, one of which is \"a drama stroke comedy\".\"Zoya and I will continue to write together. It's boring to write alone.\" Would she like to make an Assamese film, as a sort of return-to-roots tribute? \"Yes, at some point. Assam has so many stories, and is cinematically so beautiful,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15246348", "title": "Reds can mitigate Bokaro Steel Limited displaced people's woes: Dumri MLA", "text": "BOKARO: Maoists can only solve the problems of persons displaced by the Bokaro Steel Limited (BSL), Dumri MLA Jaggarnath Mahto said here on Saturady.Mahto, who belongs to the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha , said, \"Neither the government nor any legislative committee will be able to solve the problem of displaced people of the BSL. Only Maoists will be able to solve it properly\". His statement has hogged the headlines of almost all news channel here.Mahto is one of the five members of special legislative committee for assessing the problem of displaced persons of the BSL. The committee, headed by Gomia MLA Madhavlal Singh, had visited 18 displaced villages of the BSL and took stock of the situation on Friday.The JMM MLA said he stood on his statement because he had visited the rehabilitated areas of the BSL and and seen their pathetic condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15251387", "title": "Supersonic missile BrahMos test-fired from Odisha", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: India today test-fired BrahMos supersonic cruise missile as part of a user trial by the Army from a test range at Chandipur off Odisha coast.The missile, which has a flight range of up to 290 km, is capable of carrying a conventional warhead of 300 kg.\"The cruise missile was test fired from a ground mobile launcher from the launch complex-3 at about 1030 hours and all data is being retrieved for analysis,\" defence sources said.The cruise missile, a surface-to-surface Army version, was test fired as part of user trial by the Army, they said. The two-stage missile, the first one being solid and the second one ramjet liquid propellant, has already been inducted into the Army and Navy, and the Air-Force version is in final stage of trial, a defence official said.While induction of the first version of Brahmos missile system in the Indian Navy commenced from 2005 with INS Rajput, it is now fully operational with two regiments of the Army.The air launch version and the submarine launch version of the missile system are in progress, he said.The Army has so far placed orders for the Brahmos missile to be deployed by three regiments of the Army and two of them have already been inducted operationally.The Defence Ministry has also given a go-ahead to Army to induct a third regiment equipped with the missile system to be deployed in Arunachal Pradesh along the China border.Brahmos Aerospace, an Indo-Russian joint venture company headed by a distinguished Indian defence scientist, is also working to develop the air as well as the submarine launch version of the missile system and work on the project is in progress.The last trial was conducted on March 28, 2012 from the same base and it was successful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15244986", "title": "Truck driver found dead at Marcaim", "text": "PONDA: Inter-state truck driver Sharad Shinde, 48, who had come to Goa with a truckload of steel scrap died at Marcaim Industrial Estate in Ponda on Saturday. Factory personnel had last seen him alive early Saturday morning. He was found dead near his truck later the same morning.Ponda police handed over the body to his relatives after an autopsy at the Goa Medical College (GMC) and Hospital at Bambolim on Saturday afternoon. The postmortem did not reveal the exact cause of death. A forensic team has preserved his viscera for further examination, police said.\"The forensic team has mentioned in the postmortem report that alcohol was found in his body,\" police said. The police suspect that he was drunk the previous night.Shinde used to come to Marcaim repeatedly with steel scraps to the Goa Ispat factory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15243853", "title": "Haryana plans cargo airport in Meham", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana has asked the civil aviation ministry to clear its proposal for building a greenfield cargo airport for international operations at Meham in Rohtak district.The proposal, sent by the state through Haryana State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation (HSIIDC), came up for discussion during chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda's meeting with civil aviation minister Ajit Singh on Friday.An area of about 2,770 acres has already been identified for the project and the land would be purchased from private parties.The state government said the displacement of population would be assessed and taken care of as per Haryana's Rehabilitation and Resettlement (R&R;) Policy.Hooda was told that the proposal has been examined in the Ministry of Civil Aviation in consultation with Airports Authority of India and Directorate General of Civil Aviation for grant of site clearance and has been recommended by both the organizations.Hooda also underlined the need for having civil airports in Karnal and Hisar and offered to provide land for these projects.Ajit Singh assured Hooda that the Centre would consider the state's request positively and asked the Airport Authority of India to send a team for conducting a land survey in collaboration with state officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15244071", "title": "Bangalore a key city in India for Peru", "text": "BANGALORE: Javier Paulinich, ambassador of Peru to India said Bangalore is the most important city in India for Peru. \"We've appointed the first honorary counsul for Peru here,\" he said.Paulinich was here to commemorate Peru's 191st independence day and strengthen the opportunities related to mining, agriculture and energy resources and IT.\"We plan to meet officials of the forest department to chalk out diverse ways of conservation. We're building a delegation here to visit Peru,\" said Vikram Viswanath, honorary consul, Peru. The endeavour is to soon make Arequipa in southern Peru and Bangalore sister cities\"India and Peru have a similar love for all things traditional. Peru has a 5,000-year-old history and the only country in South America which has places like Caral, the holy city. Hampi is not unlike Caral and an amazing place to visit,\" the Indophile ambassador told STOI. Hampi is among his favourite heritage spots. \"It's akin to Machu Picchu ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15243256", "title": "CBI inspection at Mungoli coal mine", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Anti-corruption wing of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) together with Western Coalfields Limited (WCL) vigilance department and Indian Bureau of Mines, started surprise inspection at Mungoli coal mine on Friday. The inspection is likely to continue till Monday.Mungoli opencast mine under Wani WCL area is infamous as coal mafia hub. A few months ago, rival gangs were involved in clashes at Ghugus to claim high quantity of coal. Due to presence of anti-social elements in the mine, terrified staffers have demanded for deployment of Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) personnel in the mine.The surprise checks have reportedly caused ripples among the WCL ranks. CBI sources confirmed that the inspection is for ascertaining coal stock in the mine and it is a suo motu action. The CBI officials refused to divulge details of the findings, but hinted that inspection could last till Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15244806", "title": "Leaders groom youths for political career", "text": "KOLKATA: It is said that if good people don't join politics, they should be ready to be ruled by the bad. In a country where the educated youth have shunned politics, parties have struggled to fill up their ranks with promising youngsters. In a bid to bring about a change, Swaniti, a US-based organization, are offering fellowships to youngsters with a penchant for public life to work with politicians as interns.The eight to 12-week programme lets them identify an issue and draw up plans for solutions under the guidance of a leader \u2014 an MP or an MLA \u2014 and execute them at the grassroots level, working in tandem with the local panchayats, block offices and the people. It's supposed to serve as a \"formal channel of entry\" into politics that was hitherto non-existent. Two young professionals from the city have bagged the scholarship and are working with tourism minister Sultan Ahmed at present. Three others have joined the unique fellowship in Himachal Pradesh, apart from one in Jharkhand.Anshuman Gidwania, a financial consultant who has worked in New York, and Nitin Saboo, an IIT Mumbai graduate now on a sabbatical from his job of data analyst in Bangalore, have been holding consultations with Ahmed, trying to create self-employment opportunities for poor women in Uluberia, Ahmed's parliamentary constituency.\"It's difficult for women in the area to earn though they need to. Some are educated but a majority doesn't have a degree. With the absence of industries, jobs are not easy to come by either. So, we have drawn up a plan to start cooperative credit societies that will help them take money on loan and use it as capital for small businesses. The system is rolling, though we are still in the process of completing the formalities. It's a huge exercise simply because of the number of people involved,\" said Gidwania.Similarly, Saboo felt it's more challenging than a private sector job where one works out of a cubicle. \"In the public domain, you are called upon to deal with so many variables and most importantly with people. You learn a lot more about the realities. It gives you a better perspective of things and helps you to take a holistic view of things,\" he said.So far, the duo has been a happy experience interacting with government officers and villagers. \"In this project, there is an intersection of policy-making and execution. While the execution part is new to us, we bring in our planning skills which the political masses don't always have,\" said Gidwania.Ahmed, who has been grooming the duo, said he was impressed by the youngsters' urge to explore their country and felt the experience will help them in whichever field they choose to work in. \"Even if they go back to the corporate world, they will be ahead of their colleagues for they now have an idea of the ground reality,\" said Ahmed.Far from Uluberia, Geeta Ramakrishnan, Chetan Kanungo and Vaibhav Lodha have been working at Hamirpur in Himachal Pradesh with MP Anurag Thakur. A former consultant professional, Geeta has been working to improve the quality of education in villages and helping to assess the skill level of labourers in the constituency. Chetan and Vaibhav, too, have a similar assignment. \"I am thoroughly enjoying the experience, particularly working with an MP. It has given me an insight into the state of education and training at the rural level. Things are bad but not irreversible. I feel inspired by the stint and believe I have it in me to join politics,\" said Geeta, a commerce graduate from Mumbai.Gidwania and Saboo, too, say they are looking at this as a stepping stone to politics. It's an experience that they plan to put into use later. \"We are not going to join politics immediately. But yes, we are definitely going to take the plunge in future. ,\" said Gidwania, who will join an MBA course at the Stanford University next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15245223", "title": "2 cases of trains running off track force railway to act", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Two back-to-back incidents of train derailment while shunting (changing tracks) on July 11 and 12 have miffed the senior railway officials who have ordered a detailed probe. On Saturday, a three-member team headed by senior divisional engineer N Manikyam held a hearing at Kozhikode railway station and collected statements from four railway employees who were suspended pending inquiry. On Friday, the railway safety officials had inspected the tracks.On July 11 night, the Kannur-Kozhikode passenger train ran off the track while shunting following which the divisional railway manager (DRM) Piyush Aggarwal ordered the immediate repair of tracks. On Thursday, July 12, the mechanical and engineering department of the railway carried out the repair works and restored the traffic. But the train once again derailed at Vattampoil on Thursday morning. The incident had delayed many trains including the Kurla-bound Nethravathi express. Following the incidents, four workers were suspended on Friday.While a section of employees say that the wrong signal caused the derailment of the train on Wednesday night, others say the signal was not given and it was the mistake of the loco pilot. However, the Southern Railway Mazdoor Union (SRMU) came up against the Railways' decision to suspend the staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15243220", "title": "Riya shocks second seed Anuradha to enter State badminton final", "text": "NAGPUR: The penultimate day of the 2nd Maharashtra Senior State Selection Badminton tournament turned out to be a day of upsets at the Khar Gymkhana in Mumbai on Saturday.The five-day tournament is being hosted by the Khar Gymkhana along with the Maharashtra Badminton Association and co-sponsored by Yonex Sunrise.Riya Pillai stunned second seed and winner of last tournament Anuradha Shrikhande to storm into the women's singles final. The teenage Mumbai Suburban shuttler edged out Pune's Anuradha in three well-fought games.Fourth seed Riya will now clash with top seed and international star Aditi Mutatkar of Pune in the final on Sunday. Aditi had no trouble in ousting third seed Sonal More in straight games.The men's singles final will be repeat of Aurangabad tournament which was held early this month. Top seed Sagar Chopda of Mumbai Suburban and second seed Thane's Subhankar Dey won comfortably against their respective opponents.Unseeded pair Bisal Das and Dey shocked second seeds Nishad Dravid and Shlok Ramchandran to set up summit clash against top seeds Abhishek Kulkarni and Prashant Bahatre.Second seeds in the women's doubles, Sonal More and Vinaya Shetty, also bite the dust at the hands of Gauri Ghate and Noopur Sahasrabudhe. Top seeds Manasi Gadgil and Saee Purandare downed Nagpur duo of Varada Dixit and Avanti Badhe in the other semifinals.Results (all semifinals)Women's singles: 1-Aditi Mutatkar bt 3-Sonal More 21-11, 21-8; 4-Riya Pillai bt 2-Anuradha Shrikhande 21-18, 16-21, 21-19.Men's singles: 1-Sagar Chopda bt 3-Mayank Gole 21-13, 21-13; 2-Subhankar Dey bt Akshat Patil 21-10, 21-9.Women's doubles: 1-Manasi Gadgil-Saee Purandare bt Varada Dixit-Avanti Badhe 21-15, 21-15; Gauri Ghate-Noopur Sahasrabudhe bt 2-Sonal More-Vinaya Shetty 21-19, 15-21, 21-19.Men's doubles: 1-Abhishek Kulkarni-Prashant Bahatre bt 4-Abhidnya Sawant-Sagar Chopda 21-15, 21-19; Bisal Das-Subhankar Dey bt 2-Nishad Dravid-Shlok Ramchandran 21-19, 9-21, 21-18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15244856", "title": "35 counters set up for accepting I-T returns", "text": "CHENNAI: Keeping in mind the rush of income tax returns that would be filed until July 31, the income tax (I-T) department has set up 35 new counters at Aayakar Bhavan in Nungambakkam.Addressing mediapersons on Wednesday, I-T chief commissioner S Sendamarai Kannan said returns for salaried tax payers would be accepted at special counters at Aayakar Bhavan from July 28 to 31 from 9.45am to 5.30pm. There will be an exclusive counter for senior citizens and the physically challenged.About 40 special counters will be operated for salaried assesses, while 15 counters will function as 'help desks' and for PAN verification. For businesses whose turnover is less than Rs 60 lakh and professional income less than Rs 15 lakh, the returns are to be filed at the jurisdictional business wards.The salaried assesses of Tambaram and Kancheepuram can file their returns at Aayakar Bhavan apart from the Tambaram and Kancheepuram offices. I-T return forms can also be downloaded from www.incometaxindia. gov.in. The ITR 1 (SAHAJ) for salaried individuals should be downloaded and printed in colour. Assesses should mention their PAN, address, bank account number and MICR Code correctly in the form. The tax deduction account number (TAN) of the employer should also be filled, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15244877", "title": "Panchwadi man dies in mishap", "text": "PONDA: Ponda police on Saturday arrested truck driver, Andrew Pereira, 40, from Quepem, for allegedly knocking down a scooterist at Panchwadi and fleeing from the scene without providing him medical aid or informing police.The scooter rider succumbed to head injuries on the spot late Friday night. The deceased was identified as Baptista Salvador Estibeiro, 54, a resident of Panchwadi. Estibeiro was a forest guard and was proceeding home on a scooter, police said. Based on information from eyewitnesses, police traced the truck parked at Sanvordem. On inquiry, they found that the truck was driven by Pereira. t", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15245818", "title": "Restaurants in Thiruvananthapuram to observe \u2018Black Day\u2019 on August 2", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Restaurants and bakeries which come under the aegis of the Kerala Samsthana Vyapari Vyavasayi Samithi in the district will observe black day on August 2.The restaurant and bakery workers in the district will wear black badges as a mark of protest against what the call a move from the part of the media to ruin the business of hotels and bakeries working in hygienic conditions.Secretary of the samithi V Pappachan told reporters here on Saturday that the extensive raid carried out in the city by the food safety department and the corporation with the media tagging along had misled the public into thinking that all the restaurants in the city carry out their unhygienic and unsafe. The committee also made it clear that it was not against the raid and did in fact welcome such initiatives that ensure food safety for the public. \"The food products and ingredients should undergo inspection before they reach the state and not afterwards,\" he said.Three restaurants closed: Three more restaurants in Thiruvananthapuram were shutdown following raids on Saturday. Besides the state capital, raids were conducted in Kollam, Kottayam, Malappuram and Wayanadu districts and three hotels, Kumar Cafe at Killipalam, Buhari restaurant at Attakulangara and Kalpaka sea food restaurant at Technopark were closed down after finding that they were functioning under unhygienic conditions. The food safety commissionerate stated that 64 hotels were given improvement notice on Saturday, out of the total 77 raided. A total of Rs 2,89,500 has been collected as fine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15254137", "title": "Maattrraan audio launch in Singapore", "text": "For Suriya fans, here's a reason to rejoice. The audio of his next release Maattrraan will be released on August 9 at a grand function in Singapore , amidst great fanfare and revelry.The KV Anand-directed Maattrraan sees Suriya paired opposite Kajal Aggarwal and is said to be one of the most expensive projects of the actor till date. The film has also made a lot of news for the money it has raked it. Apparently, Eros International has snapped all the rights of the film for a rumoured Rs 84 crore. The Telugu rights so far is said to be sold for a record Rs 17 crore, while the overseas rights are said to be sold for Rs 12 crore.The audio of the film, which has also been eyed with great interest, since the KV Anand-Harris Jayaraj combo has only given hits like Ko and Ayan , Sony music is said to have snapped the audio rights of the film for Rs 1.2 crore.Meanwhile, with most of the film ready and post production work also in place, the film is said to be eyeing a release in September, so that Suriya fans can manage to see their star at the earliest. The film has also made news because Suriya essays the character of conjoined twins in the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15242929", "title": "Real heroes are those who risked coming on the show", "text": "The team behind the TV show 'Satyamev Jayate' had its own share of surprises and revelations during its making. Director Satyajit Bhatkal and his wife and co-director and research head Svati Chakravarty share their experiences on making the show with Aamir Khan .* How did Satyamev Jayate take shape?Satyajit: Two and a half years ago, Aamir said to me, \"I want you to travel all over India and document all the issues affecting the country and its people.\" In three months, our researchers shot six documentaries for Aamir. We created a format that's today the base for our episodes. We decided we won't tell 'sob' stories but take a 360-degree view of a social problem and present it without bias.* How challenging was the making?Satyajit: It was difficult; took over two years. Our researchers spent over 100 hours on the road. We studied literature, read books, met experts and drew from personal experiences. The essence was finding people who had the courage to speak to us. A lot is about trust.Svati: It was emotionally exhausting; most experiences haunt us even now. During the filming of the episode on female foeticide, a victim who had gone through a horrifying ordeal wanted to speak to me in confidence. The cameraman switched on the camera and left the room. When our team was going through the film, the victim's story was so agonizing our sound engineer cried and the cameraman hit his head repeatedly against the wall in despair.* How did you manage to convince people to come on the show?Satyajit: It was tough - of 100 people we met, 99 didn't want to come on camera. But, that one person who did is the hero or heroine for us.Svati: We travelled across India. We told people we were conducting research. At no point did we tell them Aamir was part of the show because the prime objective was to find issues and right sources.* Many felt Aamir's gestures were scripted, including his weeping...Satyajit: All of us including Aamir have been emotionally involved. Aamir is a very emotional person and has a genuine understanding of these people. His tears are spontaneous. There are lighter moments too with some outspoken people like Kamala Bhasin, KK and Javed Akhtar speaking their mind.* Can you share any interesting anecdotes?Svati: When we were shooting in Morena, Madhya Pradesh , during the lunch break we went out to the marketplace for a bite. We were surprised to see all the men toting rifles. At Varanasi, a monkey snatched away our correspondent's glasses. A local offered to retrieve them for Rs 30 saying he had to cajole the monkey with biscuits. We later learned he'd trained the monkey.* What is the response from viewers?Svati: Overwhelming! Many wrote to us with heart-wrenching personal stories especially after the episodes on female foeticide and child sexual abuse were aired. A person from our own team revealed he too was a victim.Satyajit: Soon after the episode on alcoholism was telecast, Alcoholics Anonymous received over 100,000 calls from families seeking help. Donations to organizations are solicited after researching them and interviewing representatives to find if they are worthy of help.* How do you handle criticism and ire?Satyajit: This show has nothing personal against anybody. Our aim is not to demonise anybody but to honestly deal with a problem. We're merely looking for answers. The country is full of heroes; the idea was to find them.* Can we look forward to a second season?Satyajit: We're not in a hurry. We'd like to sit down, analyze where we can improve, what we did wrong, travel, digest the experience and meet more people. Even if we do a second season, it would again be something to contribute to a change in society.* Tell us about your Bhatkal connection...Satyajit: Though my name comes from the fishing village Bhatkal in Karnataka, I've never lived there -- I was born and raised in Mumbai. My grandfather moved to Mumbai when he was 10, Many years ago, I visited the town. Karnataka is beautiful, fertile and culturally very rich. I'd definitely love to have a house in Bhatkal.* The idea for the pesticides episode came from Bangalore...Svati: We got the idea when we saw protests in Bangalore against the rampant use of the killer endosulfan last year. I went to Kasargod where I discovered horrific cases of mutilated children, victims of the effects of endosulfan sprayed in the fields over three decades ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15243919", "title": "Admissions of 'ineligible' MCA students to be cancelled", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University has finally decided to take action on the blunders committed by colleges by admitting 'ineligible' students to Master of Computer Applications (MCA) course. Controller of Examination (CoE) Siddharth Kane confirmed the development to TOI while blaming the colleges for carrying out illegal admissions without verifying documents and eligibility criteria.Ironically, ordinance number 19 issued in 2009 clearly stated that a student should score at least 50% aggregate marks in graduation for securing admission to this course. However, both NU and colleges were sleeping on it for two years, the aggrieved students claimed.The CoE however clarified that no 'ineligible' students was found in the batch of 2010 while only five were found last year. \"Their fourth semester results will be kept on hold and colleges will have come up with an explanation on how they allowed them to take admissions,\" Kane said, adding that even those who were admitted this year would be debarred from sitting for the exams.These aggrieved students, led by city Congress chief Jayprakash Gupta, met with vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal on Friday after NU informed them of cancelling admissions. They took admissions to MCA second year after completing their post-graduate diploma in computer science and application (PGDCS&A;) after colleges allegedly misguided them claiming that they require only first class marks in this diploma for pursuing the course.They had even deposited fees in excess of Rs66,000 and started attending regular classes since last three weeks. About 19 colleges under NU which offer this course included Ramdeobaba Kamla Nehru, GH Raisoni, Priyadarshini and Datta Meghe Institute. Even NU conducts it at its Inter Institutional Computer Centre at the campus.Though senate and management council members raised suspicion about NU taking action against colleges mostly run by politicians, they endorsed university's stand on blaming the colleges for negligence. \"The colleges are completely responsible for what the students will have to go through. Now the principals must owe this blunder,\" said chancellor's nominee Sanjay Khadakkar.Nagpur University Teachers Association (NUTA) secretary Anil Dhage was outraged by this gaffe. \"It is hard to believe that the colleges did not follow the rules and acted so recklessly. Immediate action should be taken against them as future of these students is at stake,\" he said.Agreeing with him, senate member Samir Kene said, \"The students are innocent as they were misguided. The colleges should have refused them admissions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15245175", "title": "Contractors told to comply with safety norms or face action", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city police have planned to conduct a meeting with construction contractors and building owners in the city on July 30 to ensure that safety norms and precautions are undertaken at construction sites. According to city police commissioner A K Viswanathan, those who are not following these safety methods will be booked under IPC.On July 26, a 24-year-old construction worker R Bhavanan Thalai of Rangani village in Orissa accidentally fell down in a dig at Ananyav Rainfree Apartment at Ganapathy in the city. He sustained severe injuries and was taken to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) where he was declared brought dead. In another incident, a 22-year-old youth U Mankaj of Kandiya Village in Bihar, accidentally fell down from the fourth floor of the construction work at Central Park Apartment on Sathy main road in the city. He sustained grievous head injuries and was declared brought dead. The Saravanampatti police have registered cases under section 174 (suspicious death) of Cr.PC.On July 27, a 21-year-old youth O Rajesh Khanna of Bihar was working in Sathya Syam spinning mills at LIC Colony near Podanur. He accidently touched a livewire and was rushed to hospital. He died on the way to hospital. Podanur police have registered a case under section 304 (A) (causing death by negligence) against the mill owner Senthilkumar and Kamalhassan, supervisor of the mill.Viswanathan said that through the recent deaths, police came to understand that the building contractors and owners were not following basic safety norms and precautions.\"We have planned to conduct meetings with building contractors and owners. We will instruct them about safety norms and precautionary measures. If the police find lack of safety norms in construction sites, we will take stringent action against building owners and construction contractors,\" said Viswanathan.According to the city police, as many as eight youths died of electrocution and accident falls from construction sites in the city over the last six months. The police have planned to invoke section 304 (punishment for culpable homicide not amounting to murder) of IPC on building owners and contractors who do not follow safety norms at construction sites.\"We have found 75 labourers in Coimbatore district who lost their lives in various construction sites in the last six months. We welcome the city police' measures against the building contractors and owners who are violating safety norms,\" said N Selvaraj, deputy general secretary of the Tamil Nadu chapter of the AITUC of Construction Workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "15245298", "title": "About 3 lakh devotees likely to visit Someshwarnath temple on July 30", "text": "MOTIHARI: A large number of pilgrims and kanwariyas are expected to visit Someshwarnath Mahadeo temple at Areraj in North Bihar on the last Monday of Shrawan month on July 30. East Champaran district administration and the board of trustees of the temple have started preparation to provide security, light and drinking water to the devotees who would come to offer to Lord Shiva the sacred holy water drawn from river Ganga, Gandak, Saryu and Bagmati. Every year, the last Monday of Shrawan draws thousands of devotees to the temple. East Champaran DM Abhijit Sinha said the district administration has made elaborate arrangements for the occasion.Madan Mohan Tiwari, secretary, the board of trustees of the temple, said around seven lakh kanwariyas of Bihar, Uttar Pradesh and Nepal had already visited the Mahadeo temple so far this year and around three lakh devotees were expected to visit the temple on July 30. Every thing is Bol-Bum here these days.Vijay Kumar Pandey, SDM, Areraj, and president of the trust, said the control rooms were working round the clock and policemen and magistrates had been deployed at all important points to serve the devotees. Doctors and paramedical staff were also on duty. The volunteers were assisting the police in keeping the temple premises clean and safe.Vyash Pandey, treasurer of the trust, said this small city overflows with devotees on the occasion. \"We could not make arrangements for accommodation of pilgrims. There is no dharmshala here and the college and schools are unable to accommodate such a large number of devotees, including women , girls and children. They have to spend night on roadsides in rainy season or in open field of schools. However, the committee is striving to provide all possible facilities to the devotees. The revenue of the temple has increased to Rs 22 lakh per year and now we are preparing a development scheme to provide all facilities to the devotees in future,\" he said.Gappu Ray, a social worker, said at least three big dharmshalas were needed. \"There is no provision of safe drinking water in mela area,\" he added. Krishna Mishra, a political activist said the pilgrims were facing problems of toilets.The Someshwarnath Mahadeo temple, 30 km south from Motihari, is linked with pucca road. According to Tiwari, the Shiv Puran says King Som constructed this 55 feet high temple which houses Panchmukhi lingam of Mahadeo.Kishor Kunal, chairman, Bihar State Board of Religious Trust, had said after the creation of Jharkhand that Mandaleshwar Mahadeo temple located on Mundeshwari campus in Kaimur was the oldest temple of Lord Shiva in Bihar and Someshwarnath Mahadeo temple at Areraj was the second oldest.I C Kumar, a retired IAS officer, said the Shiv Lingam of Someshwarnath temple is flat, suggesting that it belonged to Kushan era.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15245577", "title": "Policeman who reported on Naxal activities gets threats, resigns", "text": "JAIPUR: An inquiry has been ordered into the allegations of an assistant sub-inspector (ASI) who resigned from his post in the state's intelligence branch after he and his family reportedly faced life threats from some people involved in spreading Naxalite activities in the tribal areas of Udaipur.ASI Ramesh Katara, posted in Udaipur, had prepared a report stating that some meetings were being held with local tribal people by a group called RDF on a regular basis. He alleged that he forwarded this report to his seniors at Udaipur office. Instead of any action on the report, it was leaked from the office recently following which he had been constantly threatened by unidentified people. The officer resigned on Friday.\"I was transferred to Uaipur's CID intelligence branch from Jaipur police headquarters on June 20. I had been witnessing sensitive activities in the tribal area of Salumbar since my transfer here,\" Ramesh Katara told TOI over phone.He added that he saw some SUVs having registration number plates of Chhattisgarh entering the area. \"A local translator would be with small groups of people in the SUV and they would visit villages including Morila, Bhanpur, Chhapra, Mata Sula and Hadmatia. I tried to attend some of the meetings, but it was very risky. However, I came to know that a group called RDF was holding these secret meeting. I was quite sure that Naxalite activities are going on,\" said Katara.The officer said that he gave the report to the zonal officer Parabat Singh and inspector Yadram. \"I was told that the report would be forwarded to Jaipur police headquarters. However, it never reached intelligence branch's senior officers and was instead leaked. I sent a fax to DIG, intelligence office on July 2 stating that a report prepared by him was not being forwarded to Jaipur, but no action was taken,\" said the officer.Soon after the ASI gave the report to his immediate seniors, he allegedly started getting threats. \"While I was walking down an isolated road, an SUV having no registration number stopped near me and people sitting inside said that I and my family would be killed,\" said the officer.Katara said that he had requested for a gun from the department for personal safety, but it was also not provided. \"I got so scared of these threats, especially to my wife and children who stay in Jaipur that I tendered my resignation on Friday,\" said the officer.ADG Intelligence DS Dinkar told TOI, \"After Katara resignation, IG intelligence has been asked to investigate the matter and prepare a report in this regard within a couple of days.\"However, senior intelligence officials in Jaipur said that there are some loopholes in his entire story. \"He could have approached the senior officials in Jaipur directly as our intelligence branch has a separate mechanism to deal with even the smallest threat perception to any of its personnel. If he was getting life threats, it was quite serious,\" said a senior intelligence officer.The officer said that the area is quite sensitive for such kind of activities, but there had never been any concrete reports of Naxalite activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15246296", "title": "BDOs' salaries withheld for not releasing Indira Awas Yojana funds", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Taking serious note of the laxity shown by nine block development officers for not releasing the first instalment of payments for Indira Awas Yojana beneficiaries, deputy commissioner Hazaribag Manish Ranjan ordered withholding the salaries of the BDOs for an indefinite period.The DC issued the order while reviewing the progress of the implementation of centrally sponsored projects in the district here on Friday.The BDOs of Ichak, Barkatha, Katkumsandi, Katkumdag, Chalkusha, Padma, Darhi and Katkumsandi and Bishnugarh blocks, who participated in the meeting, were told that the incomplete work should be completed within a week so that all the beneficiaries get early benefit of the schemes. He directed the officials to organize camps in their respective areas and distribute the cheques to the IAY beneficiaries.The DC also directed all the BDOs to construct wells in all 357 panchayats with five wells in each panchayat after the monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15245385", "title": "Rain delights Indoreans", "text": "INDORE: However, water-logging and overflowing drains failed to dampen the sprit of Indoreans who enjoyed the rains out in open. Youngsters in groups zipped past the flooded roads on their two-wheelers or on foot drenched in water. Despite the rains and waterlogging at Chappan, youths waded through knee-deep water to have hot tea and delicacies. Reports about a tree uprooted by the rains in Lalbagh area reached the control room while the plaints of waterlogging, and overflowing nullahs were reported from the Chavni, Quila Maidaan, GPO Square. Officials said that they are trying to address all the complaints.Residents of some housing societies faced great difficulty as the low lying areas were inundated. Chaitanya Pawar a resident of Shehnai Residency said, \"When I started for office today, it was a difficult task for me to reach my bike without spoiling my trousers.\" He added that if it continues to rain like this, he may have to wade through water to the lift when he will come back in the evening.Suraj Jain a resident of Shalimar Township said, \"It is difficult for us to get out of our houses, when the society floor is flooded like this. But the good part is that it has happened on weekend\". tnnDownpourRainfall: 68 mm on SaturdayRainfall: 159.8 mm on Friday and SaturdayMore rains forecast for next 24 hoursBoxFlooded roadsNehru Park to Rajkumar Bridge covered into mudTraffic along BRT corridor in Chandra Nagar, Navlakha Crossing, C-21 Mall, Shreemaya Hotel, Manoramaganj, Palasia, Guitar Wala Crossing &amp; Geeta Bhavan Crossing affectedRoads cut offIndore-Nemawar-Harda road closed due to flooding of Bagdi River at Bankheda and KhategaonIndore-Bhopal road also disrupted due to over flowing of Parvati River at Sehore and AsthaIndore-Harda road disrupted due to flooding in Narmada in HardaTrees uprooted at: Phooti Khoti, Manoramaganj, Heera Nagar, CHL Hospital", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15250412", "title": "Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum: A very democratic comedy", "text": "Sach mein, boss. Kya super-kool film hai. There are these two jobless,aimless, witless guys one of whom can't act to save his life, and the other one who can act but has to pretend he can't to keep pace with the one who can. Now, get a load of this. Sid(Riteish Deshmukh) is a struggling musician. Adi( Tusshar Kapoor ) is a struggling actor. And they're part of a sex comedy struggling to be funny in every single line that these two chaddi buddies utter to one another and to the world at large.So the real hero of this masterpiece of murky mirth is the dialogue writer. He uses every possible occasion in the dialogue draft to slip in sexual puns. Not a single human orifice is spared in the furious fusillade of double innuendos. In that sense this a very democratic comedy. It insults every one and everything from dogs to humanbeings, from gays to gurus...you name it.And why shouln't it? This is after all the official sequel to a 2005 comedy that defied every rule of good taste.Super-Kool multiplies the filth manifold. The packaging and presentation are this time updated. The glamour quotient is enhanced with the presence of two engaging eye-candies Neha Sharma and Sara Jane Dias who join in the vulgarity with a gusto that suggests a deep bond between risque humour and sex appeal.So is risque sexy? Is raunchy cool? You decide. As far as I am concerned I am still too numbed by the ceaseless torrent of verbal obscenity to figure out if a barrage of dirty puns and phallic objects being stuck into every conceivable hole , strung together in a succession of gags and episodes can be called a film.Delhi Belly , here they come? There are some good comic actors here, giving really bad performances. The gay jokes are stretched to limits beyond offensiveness that climaxes with the two ladies dressed as Chandramukhi and Paro singing Dildo la dildo la .That pun on the original song Dil dola from Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Devdas was smsed ad nauseam when the film was released in 2002. Most of the pssst-pssst jokes in this farce fest come across laboured and tired. Deshmukh, a comic actor of impeccable aptitudes, does his best to breathe life into gags and situations that elevate puerility to an art form. He succeeds in making us titter when we aren't busy squirming over the onslaught of obscenity.The rest of the cast takes the cult of crassness to hammy heights.Anupam Kher, for example, plays a millionaire in Goa who believes his dead mom has been reincarnated as a canine.And when he catches his alleged 'mom' doing what doggies do when they are in a film of this sort, he assumes his mother is now getting on her four legs what his father never gave on two legs.If you think the above situation is funny, then go ahead. Go for the film and laugh your head off at the frenzy of phallic jokes. Oh yes , lest the other gender feels left out there's a 'joke' about the other kind of genitilia too when Ritesh dumps a cat into Tusshar's hands and says, \"Take it. This is the only pussy you're ever going to get.\"Pussy or not pussy, that is hardly the question.Humour them. Laugh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15242223", "title": "Mock disaster drills bring Delhi to halt", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was a bomb blast that most were prepared for. In a mock drill to check disaster preparedness of agencies in the city, all Metro trains came to a halt at 11am on Saturday. Commuters were given different reasons for it: bomb blast, earthquake and terror strike.The drill was conducted by Delhi Disaster Management Authority (DDMA) to identify gaps in disaster preparation, and check the coordination between different agencies. Thousands of passengers were stranded at Metro stations and trains were delayed due to the drill. Constant announcements were made on the trains and at stations.\"As opposed to drills in developed countries, we have to constantly make announcements here to avoid panic. We hope to reach a point when emergency drills can be done unannounced,\" said Delhi divisional commissioner Vijay Dev. The army is expected to submit a detailed report on the readiness of different agencies. \"The aim is to find loopholes, which can prove costly during a real emergency,\" said D C Dev.Trains stopped on the tracks for over 45 minutes, as exercises were conducted at busy stations, including Karol Bagh, Dwarka Sector-11, Central Secretariat, Pitampura, Azadpur, Badarpur, Kirti Nagar, Chandni Chowk, Shahdara. Unlike real emergencies, all the services were already present near the Metro stations. Most Delhiites had been forewarned about the drill and just strolled out of the stations. Metro commuters said announcements were made before the drill actually began.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15246143", "title": "Foreign-make arms made in UP, Bihar", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Bearing the mark of manufacture in US, Russia or German, most country-made pistols and fire arms are manufactured right here in small factories in remote areas of UP and Bihar.The pistol, which was used in the murder of Kailash Chand, was bearing the mark Made in US and forensic experts revealed that it was a country-made weapon capable of firing bullets of any weapon. The pistol has been handed over to forensic experts for further examination.Soman Masie of Zirakpur had also used a a??sophisticated weapon for killing himself after making foiled attempt to kill his wife Anita on July 20, and later the weapon turned out to be a country-made.Chandigarh has been witnessing a number of crimes where sophisticated weapons were claimed to be used, but later these turned out to be country-made firearms.A senior police official said, \"There are cases when country-made weapons containing the names of branded arms manufacturing companies including Smith &amp; Wesson, Mauser, Charter Arms etc were recovered from the scene of crime. Interestingly, these are capable of firing cartridges of different bores and rifles including SLR, LMG, .9mm, .303 and the original ones can only fire bullets of their bores and mark.SSP (UT) Nau Nihal Singh said, a??This is an established fact that these weapons were manufactured in small factories in remote area of UP and Bihar and people can procured these weapon after paying small amounts.a?? Nidesh Sharma of Sector 43 had killed himself with a country-made pistol and it was bearing the bore of .9mm pistol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15251650", "title": "Charlize Theron fuming over Stewart-Sanders affair", "text": "Charlize Theron is furious with her co-star Kristen Stewart for having an affair with director Rupert Sanders.The 36-year-old actress had struck up a friendship with Stewart during filming of 'Snow White and the Huntsman' and has been a close pal of his wife Liberty Ross.\"Charlize is absolutely fuming with Kristen for having an affair with Rupert. She is very tight with Liberty, has often socialized with the family over dinner and cannot believe Kristin has done this,\" Radar Online quoted a source as saying.\"When they were filming Snow White and the Huntsman, Charlize felt like an older sister to Kristin, and they were always sharing advice. Charlize confided to her new pal about her adoption plans. She even asked Kristin if she wanted to be her baby Jackson's godmother - that was how close they were.\"But Charlize had no idea what was going on between Rupert and Kristin and now feels completely betrayed by the whole incident. It's certainly left Charlize between a rock and a hard place, because she feels great sympathy for Liberty and the kids and yet, she has a sisterly love for Kristin,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15242279", "title": "Navi Mumbai airport plan gets PMO boost", "text": "MUMBAI: After a delay of more than a decade, the Prime Minister's Office has approved a road map for the Rs 6,000-crore airport for Navi Mumbai. \"A month ago, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had presided over a meeting to review the flagship projects of the UPA government. Now the PMO has approved the plan for the Navi Mumbai airport and key railway projects in Maharashtra and Gujarat. It was for the first time that mechanisms have been put in place for regular monitoring and problem solving,'' a senior official told TOI on Saturday.The official said for the Navi Mumbai airport, the City and Industrial Development Corporation (Cidco) has been appointed as the nodal agency and it has prepared the transaction documents. \"The civil aviation ministry will discuss the matter with the state government and secure its concurrence for selecting the process for awarding the contract on PPP basis. The entire process will be completed by August 15, 2012 after all the relevant documents are cleared by the government of India,'' he said.Once the basic exercise is over, the civil aviation ministry will move a note to the cabinet committee on infrastructure on the process to be followed, including approval of concession agreements by the Centre. The official said the airport plan was cleared after the CM knocked at the doors of the then environment minister Jairam Ramesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15246201", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation revives proposal to build bund across Pavana", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has revived its proposal to construct a new bund at Ravet on Pavana river. The construction of the new bund is necessary as the existing one has become old. While Pimpri-Chinchwad city gets its water from the Pavana river, the construction of the new bund is expected to help improved storage of water.The civic water supply department lifts 425 Million Litres per Day (MLD) water from the bund and sends it to the water treatment plants at Nigdi for purification. Later the purified water is supplied to the 17.5 lakh residents of Pimpri-Chinchwad city as drinking water.According to civic officials, the bund at Ravet was built before 1947 and it has developed cracks. This bund also serves as a bridge to the residents of Ravet and Punawale villages, who use it to cross the river. Pedestrians and two-wheeler riders use it.Six years back, the civic body had prepared a plan to construct a new bund. However, the plan had to be abandoned because of the proposed pipeline project to bring water directly from the Pavana dam to the water purification plant. However, this plan, costing about Rs 400 crore, has also been delayed.The Maharashtra Water Resources Regulatory Authority (MWRRA) in its recent report has recommended that the PCMC should use water from the Ravet bund in monsoon season and use water from the pipeline in other months for meeting its drinking water needs. As a result, the PCMC has been forced to revive the earlier proposal for constructing a new bund at Ravet on Pavana river.Kailas Kadam, opposition leader, PCMC, had written a letter last month to the municipal commissioner demanding that the civic body should construct a new bund at Ravet to meet the growing water needs of the city. He had pointed out that the bund has become old and needs to be replaced by a new one.The water supply department, in its reply to Kadam, has stated that the proposal to build a new bund at Ravet is under its consideration. Preliminary discussions about the proposal have been held with the irrigation department, the reply says.Pravin Ladkat, executive engineer, water supply department, PCMC, confirmed that the civic administration has revived its proposal to construct a new bund at Ravet. This bund is used to store water required by the PCMC for one day. Earlier, there was a flap at the bottom of the bund to empty the waters when needed. But the flap has become unusable due to accumulation of silt.\"Six years back, the civic body had earlier asked the irrigation department to prepare a report for the construction of the new bund. The irrigation department had prepared the report and put the estimated cost at Rs 17 crore. Now, new estimates will have to be prepared,\" Ladkat said.The PCMC is not keen on increasing the height of the existing bund so that more water can be stored. Ladkat said if the height of the bund is increased then more land will be submerged. The Irrigation department has also not approved this plan, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15244940", "title": "At Eureka, corporation students discover learning is fun", "text": "CHENNAI: They may not exclaim 'Eureka' every time an experiment is successful but they are finding learning more fun. The Eureka science research centre in Gopalapuram, exclusively for corporation school students, plays host on every Wednesday and Friday to students of Classes 8 and 9 in the 70 middle and high schools of the corporation.One of the two rooms at the centre is filled with experiments and fun posters and the other screens movies. \"One room has 15 experiments, mainly on laws, theorems and concepts in physics,\" said Srinivasan, a co-ordinator. \"The concepts range from Newton's third law to other aspects of physical science like mechanics, air pressure, vaccum and surface tension,\" he said.Teachers say Class 9 students who have attended the sessions have actually understood concepts faster. \"Many of them don't have a strong base. These colorful experiments stay in their minds longer and make them curious,\" said a corporation school teacher. Around 25 children are given 45 minutes in the experiment room.After a short break, the students see a movie which explains astronomy and the solar system simply, said the coordinator. \"It explains the sun, earth and moon in Tamil. It highlights interesting facts about each aspect, which goes a long way in providing them a good base for geography,\" he said.At the end of a session, students are provided with work sheets and work books they have to complete. The content has been developed by 'Eureka,' a project of Action Aid which works in socially and economically backward regions of the state. \"Every student visits the centre thrice a year, so we can evaluate how their learning curve and understanding has improved,\" said a corporation official.Two years ago, Action Aid approached the civic body with a request for space to work with corporation schools and now an unused building on Peters Road is a scene of colour, noise and fun. \"For these children, a small outing gets their energy up. When they see so much colour their minds become alert and help them grasp fast,\" says a teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15243266", "title": "Safety drill grills commuters", "text": "GURGAON: A mock drill was conducted in Guru Dronacharya Metro station in the city on Saturday. The drill started at 11am, when a fire alarm was sounded. Two fire engines were deployed at the site, one of which was a state-of-the-art Volvo fire truck with a hydraulic bucket lift.The trains to that route were bunged. Eight Police Control Room (PCR) vans were deployed at the site and the crowd was controlled from entering the station for 50 minutes. Several ambulances along with teams of doctors and paramedics were also present there.The stretchers at the Metro station were also put to use in the presence of doctors and firefighters. While the firefighters helped the trapped people to escape, the doctors took care of the severe causalities. The other victims with minor injuries were escorted to the ambulances outside the station.A fire engine sprayed water continuously on to the platform for 20 minutes. On the other hand, the truck with the bucket lift helped to rescue the ones trapped in the inferno. A team of Central Industrial Security Forces (CISF) was also deployed at the mock disaster site. Officials of the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) wearing glossy orange vests kept people from entering the station.Officials of the Disaster Management Authority and Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) were also deployed at several points to judge the sequence. The tracks were closed for about an hour and those who were unaware of the event gathered outside the station.\"The ambulances were late because of traffic conditions but the fire engines were already at the spot before time,\" said Head Constable Pradeep, who was posted at the site. Even after the fire alarm was blown, the lifts were still functioning, which could have resulted in a real catastrophe.Announcements regarding the mock drill were made in all metro stations, a day before the event. This drill took place in several other stations on the yellow line in Delhi and Noida City Centre in Noida. \"I boarded the train from GTB Nagar and reached Guru Dronacharya one hour late than the scheduled time,\" said Rohit Rathee, a resident of DLF Phase III. Passengers standing on the platform, during the drill were chased away by the police. \"I was in the restroom, when two women police officials forced me out of there,\" said Seema Mishra.The drill ended at 11:50 am and the operation was declared a success. The crowd was ready to board the train. People were relieved and the officials declared 13 mock casualties and three mock deaths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15244571", "title": "\u2018Kidnap\u2019 complaint hits efforts to weed out loan recovery evils in West Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: The complaint lodged by a 43-year-old woman that she was abducted by car loan recovery agents last month has delivered a fresh jolt to a five-year-long effort by the RBI, private banks and debt collection agencies in Kolkata that was aimed at reducing the number of complaints against such recovery practices.Rules say that no bank or agency can repossess a mortgaged vehicle, even in default, without a court order. Mala Mazumdar, in her complaint against a private bank's loan recovery agents, said they didn't show her any such order. The bank, it now appears, had got an arbitration award against Mazumdar, which they failed to show her while forcibly taking to a Bhadreshwar yard her vehicle, with she and her driver seated inside.Such a 'lapse' has come as a blow to the ten major such recovery agencies working in Kolkata and its suburbs. As it is, dwindling business volumes has forced many agencies to either fold down or seek other business avenues. But the biggest question in the latest episode of \"high-handedness\" by loan recovery agents is how could such a 'lapse' have occurred?Says the owner of one of Kolkata's oldest \u2014 and largest \u2014 collection agencies: \"No vehicle can be repossessed without a court order. Either a court appoints a receiver to take possession of the vehicle or an arbitrator gives an 'award' (or direction to this effect) In very rare cases, borrowers surrender the mortgaged vehicles to the bank on their own. Only in such cases a repossession is done without any court order. For a mere Rs 10,000 to Rs 12,000 (which an agency earns from banks for vehicle repossession) it's not worth taking a risk.\"He added that whenever any bank assigns a repo-kit (a formal authorisation by the bank to an agency for repossessing a particular vehicle), it mandatorily includes the court order.Another agency owner argues: \"The last major such incident in Kolkata was in 2007. Since then, prodded by the RBI and the banks, a rigid system has been put in place to weed out such incidents. To be fair, in the five years since, nothing happened.\"He said the guilty loan recovery agency, too, must have been aware of it. \"All agents now have to undergo either a 50-hour (if graduate) or a 100-hour (for undergraduates) Debt Recovery Agent Examination by the Indian Institute of Banking and Finance under the RBI before they are even issued identity cards by banks. So they know what to do and what not.\"This is again only a part of it. \"Before any agent is assigned work, he has to sign a legal document with the bank and the agency that he'll abide by the Code of Conduct. It clearly spells out that under no circumstances will there be any physical contact with any customer and neither will they try to obstruct the customer's movement,\" he added.A bank officer, requesting anonymity, ruled out the fact that borrowers can claim they don't have a clue about the court proceedings against them. \"The court directly sends a copy of the order to the borrower. Plus, before any plea is made to the court for a receiver order and money suit, it is preceded by sending a customer a notice on dues, a demand legal notice and finally, a loan recall notice.\"The officer added: \"Since the court receiver order also has a direction to police to offer assistance to a receiver, a pre-intimation has to be made to the police station concerned. For such an incident to take place, it would entail a series of lapses by multiple agencies \u2014 the bank, the agency and the police. This, at least on the face of it, appears an improbability. And all this for an asset whose value is depreciating every passing day,\" he pointed out.A retired Kolkata Police ACP, now working as a consultant for a private bank, said that the Securitisation and Reconstruction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Security Interest Act, 2002, is being increasingly relied upon by banks to repossess and sell off mortgaged assets against dues. \"The RBI is also urging the banks to take this legal route and it is a much stronger law,\" he said.This septuagenarian officer, who has worked for CBI earlier, said: \"The teething problems are primarily due to the emergence of self-styled debt counsellors. This isn't illegal, but they counsel the borrowers on how not to pay up instead of helping him repay the debt,\" he said.The impact of the incident, all fear, will be far-reaching. \"By the end of this fiscal, most of the 10 remaining agencies will close down too,\" rued a south Kolkata-based agency owner. Banks too, he said, aren't willing to retain the NPAs (non-performing assets) and are selling these to asset reconstruction companies. The latter tend to rely more on in-house employees, then outsource it to agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "15245721", "title": "Ethnic clash a shame on nation: PM", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh visited two relief camps in riot-hit Kokrajhar district on Saturday and termed the communal clashes between Bodos and Bengali-speaking Muslims as \"desh ke mathe par kalangk\" (shame on nation).Singh, whose arrival in Kokrajhar was delayed by about three hours due to a technical snag in his chopper, went to Commerce College and Bhotgaon camps relief camps straight from the helipad.\"I am sad. It will take few days for things to become normal,\" the PM consoled the inmates of these two camps. Thousands of inmates at the two relief camps spoke their heart out about the loss of their home and hearth in the ethnic clash. Women, with children in arms, wept as the Prime Minister walked in to the camps.Singh, later, interacted with a large number of Bodos and Bengali-speaking Muslims at Kokrajhar circuit house. \"After hearing them out, he stressed restoration of peace and calm in the area,\" a source said.The Bodoland territorial Council leadership submitted a memorandum to Singh, urging him to institute an inquiry to identify and nab the culprits involved in the clash. Home minister P Chidambaram is scheduled to visit Kokrajhar and Dhubri on Monday to review security arrangements, an official said.The situation in the four affected districts of Kokrajhar, Chirang, Bongaigaon and Dhubri remained calm on Saturday with no reports of fresh killings or arson. But there was tension as eight more bodies were recovered since Friday night, taking the toll in the Bodo-Muslim clashes to 53. Most of the bodies were found floating in rivers.According to the home department, six of the deceased were killed by police and security forces while 67 others have been injured. Another seven are reported missing. The number of inmates in 270 relief camps also increased to four lakh on Saturday.\"Army deployment is on and the troops are carrying out flag march in five districts,\" a home department spokesman said. He added that 55 additional companies of central armed police force (CAPF) have also reached the troubled areas.An MHA source said, \"Earlier, the state had been authorized to use 116 companies of CAPFs. Out of these, eight companies are currently deployed for law and order duty in Kokrajhar district. Thus, a total of 73 companies are deployed in affected areas for maintenance of law and order.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15243394", "title": "Snag grounds Bangkok flight", "text": "HYDERABAD: A Bangkok-bound Thai Airways flight, TG330, was grounded at the Rajiv Gandhi International Airport in the wee hours of Saturday following a technical snag in one of its engines. The aircraft carrying 257 passengers was slated for takeoff at 1.10 am from the city.According to Thai Airways officials, the problem was spotted by the pilot when boarding procedures were underway. Though a technical team was rushed in to attend to the glitch, airline officials decided against flying the plane to avoid any untoward incident. Inconvenienced passengers were refunded the ticket amount, the officials added.\"Passengers seeking cancellation were given a complete refund of their fare. About 170 guests were checked into the Novotel (airport) Hotel and subsequently accommodated on other flights to Bangkok,\" said the airline representative.Around 36 passengers were put on an Air India flight to New Delhi from where they later boarded a Thai Airways flight to Bangkok at around 11.30 am on Saturday. Similarly, 51 guests were flown to Chennai and eight to Bangalore. \"All of them were booked on to connecting flights to Bangkok from there. Some who stayed back in the city will be accommodated in the early morning (1.10 am) flight,\" the official added.Incidentally, exactly a month ago the same flight TG330 had been similarly grounded at the Shamshabad airport after it developed a technical problem in one of its engines. The flight scheduled to fly to Bangkok on June 28 was meant to fly 270 passengers who were reportedly left stranded for over 15 hours at the local airport as a team of engineers worked on resolving the crisis. \"It is true that on June 28 too we faced a similar crisis, but even then passengers were taken good care of. All the guests were checked into various private hotels then,\" a staffer with the international carrier said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15243665", "title": "HUDA chief asks officials to speed up road projects", "text": "GURGAON: Senior officials of the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) held a meeting on Friday in which they sought a status report ongoing works by the authority. While seeking a report on road works, HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar has directed all executive engineers to reply within three days on numbering of roads and speedbreakers in the city. HUDA has decided to fix white broker tiles on speedbreakers which lend the reflective quality to the speedbreakers.The department has planned to invite global tenders for road works in Gurgaon. HUDA chief Praveen Kumar directed superintending engineers to immediately start the construction work of 317 structures for Rainwater Harvesting, as the tenders have already been invited in this regard. Officials were also directed to conduct inspection of newly built RWH pits for their quality.Executive engineers were checking the connectivity and proper discharge of sewage. The department has decided to file an FIR against defaulters under the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, as it has come to notice that the sewage water is being discharged in drains at various places in the city.The horticulture department has been asked to maintain a roster for plantation so that the target could be achieved.Meanwhile, Kumar sought an explanation from seven HUDA officials for being absent in their office on Friday morning. A surprise inspection was carried out by Servesh Kumar Joon, personal secretary to the HUDA administrator, at 9.30am on Friday. A day's salary has been withheld and the employees have been asked to give an explanation within three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15245039", "title": "PG doctors treated to bitter medicine", "text": "HYDERABAD: The year-long rural stint for post graduate medical students made mandatory by the Centre from this year has no plan in place. Chaos prevailed at the Directorate of Medical Education (DME) on Saturday when over 100 post graduate doctors turned up on the first day of counselling for rural postings and were informed that the counselling was postponed indefinitely. Waiting already for the last two months, the 'agitated' doctors, who came from various parts of the state, held a demonstration highlighting the government's incompetence in handling the issue.The DME office had announced the counselling schedule on July 25. Accordingly, the counselling should have started on Saturday (July 28) and continued till July 30. But when doctors reached the venue on Saturday morning, they found policemen deployed at the entrance to prevent their entry.Agitated doctors said that the authorities were still ill-prepared even after a year since the Centre's announcement. making a rural stint mandatory for graduating doctors.\"There is no clarity whether the candidates would be posted in their specialties, among other issues. The counselling was cancelled suddenly on Friday evening when a chunk of students from other parts of the state were already on their way to Hyderabad,\" said a woman doctor, who had come for counselling from Kakinada.The doctors further said that all the GOs issued regarding rural postings mentioned that the candidates would be posted in community health centres, area, district and teaching hospitals apart from super specialty hospitals. But now they were being told that the postings will only be in tribal areas.\"The government has violated the bipartite agreement that it had with junior doctors in February this year by delaying the appointment of the committee to look into the feasibility of mandatory rural service,\" said Dr Aditya Vikram, representative of junior doctors. \"Since two months we are on the roads after so many years of hard work. This is mental torture. We were told that if we didn't sign the bond our seats would be cancelled. Now, they are delaying the rural posting,\" said another doctor.In a letter to the DME on Saturday, the medicos requested the government to exempt the current batch from the posting to prevent further chaos.\"The implementation should be done only when a full report of the committee, constituted by the state government earlier this year, is submitted,\" said Dr I Abhilash, member of the junior doctors' association.As per the GOs, the government can penalise diploma and post graduate doctors for Rs 15 lakh and Rs 20 lakh respectively if they violate the bond. This happens to be the launching year for the year-long rural stint for graduating doctors. The central government's decision was aimed at improving health care services in rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15242492", "title": "Major power outages in east Delhi", "text": "Many areas in east Delhi went without power for several hours after a cat entered a 11kV sub-station at Karkardooma, leading to a fault in the system. According to BSES officials, the cat got electrocuted and caused a fire in the sub-station on Thursday night. The fault was not rectified till late Saturday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15251237", "title": "Krishna Vamsi never allowed me into the office: Nani", "text": "Hero Nani is currently working under creative director Krishna Vamsi for an untitled film. The unit held a press conference yesterday (July 29) in Hyderabad on the occasion of Krishna Vamsi's birthday.Speaking on this occasion, Vamsi said, \"the film does not have anything to do with Jagan Mohan Reddy, or any other politician but the film's backdrop reflects the current political scenario in the state. And Nani is playing an interesting role of a Sherwani model from Old City in this film.\"Hero Nani made a surprise revelation and said, \"When I entered Krishna Vamsi's office, they didn't allow me but today I'm proud to work as a hero under his direction. This is one of the challenging roles and I'm enjoying every bit. \"The action thriller has completed 70% of the shooting and is now left with climax and a song shoot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "koraput/berhampur", "code": "15246849", "title": "Deserted roads mark first day of martyrs' week", "text": "KORAPUT/BERHAMPUR: Vehicular movement was severely-affected in several Maoist-hit areas in Koraput, Malkangiri and Rayagada districts on the first day of the Red rebels' observation of martyrs' week on Saturday. It will continue till August 3.Fearing Maoist attacks, the state-run Odisha State Road Transport Corporation (OSRTC) suspended its bus service from Jeypore to Malkangiri district and between Jeypore-Cuttack via Rayagada till August 3. Though private buses plied up to the district headquarters town of Malkangiri, no vehicles could venture beyond Malkangiri town due to a road blockade put up by Maoists at MV126 village near Kalimela.\"We have already stopped top ply the buses from Berhampur to Rayagada, Bhawanaipatna and Balimeal via Gumuda from Friday,\" said A K Mishra, OSRTC's divisional manager in Berhampur. The OSRTC has stopped plying its buses in a preventive measure during the occasion of the Maoists, as the rebels had set ablaze four of its buses at Raipanka in Gajapati district on December 27, 2009, he said.The entire 100-km forested road between Malkangiri and Motu, the last southern town of Odisha, wore a deserted look with vehicles remaining off road and shops and markets remaining closed. \"People are scared. Though security personnel have been deployed, no one dares to take a chance by defying the Maoists' diktat. It is better to cooperate with them by keeping vehicles off roads and closing down shops,\" said a resident of Kalimela.In Koraput district, traffic was hit at Narayanpatna, Bandhugaon and Onkadeli. The inter-state bus service between Narayanpatna and Parvatipuram ( Andhra Pradesh ) was suspended during the Maoist occasion. Public transport was also paralysed at Gudari and Chandragiri in Rayagada district. Hundreds of passengers were stranded at Rayagada bus stand as bus service between Rayagada and Kandhamal was suspended.Prior to martyrs' week, the Maoists had urged people through a massive poster campaign in these districts to cooperate during this period. However, police said all necessary security arrangements have been made to thwart any possible Maoist offensive.\"At present, the situation is normal and no Naxal Maoist violence has been reported. The road blockade in Malkangiri has been removed and security personnel have been kept on high alert. Combing operations and patrolling has been intensified in border areas,\" said DIG (south-western range) S Devdutta Singh.SP (Ganjam) Asish Singh said life was normal in the maoist strongholds of Sorada and Baragada.Vehicles passing though Ganjam district were subjected checking, while night-patrolling was intensified in Bramhanigaon, Daringibadi and Kotagarh areas of Kandhamal district, added SP (Kandhamal) JN Pankaj.The Red rebels observe martyrs' week every year from July 28 to August 3. They pay homage to their deceased leaders by erecting memorial pillars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15246109", "title": "PGI, as probe report out, blames none", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As expected, the probe report of PGI did not hold anyone responsible for Anupama's death. In fact, another probe is expected which will be reviewed by an external agency. In a press conference, PGI director Dr Yogesh Chawla said, \"It is extremely sad and we are sorry that we could not save her. But the main culprit is over crowding. It is difficult to manage the patients even in the OPDs. Unlike the AIIMS we have no system to refuse or further refer the patients.\"However, when the director was asked about how can a committee constituted within the hospital be unbiased, he agreed to deliberate on another probe. \"We will examine the case in depth again. And also engage external and independent agency,\" said Dr Chawla.The entire procedure of the fact finding committee was flawed. Following the death of Anupama on July 24, PGI ordered an internal injury chaired by Dr Rajinder Singh, head of the general surgery. On the first day, two doctors of the panel were those who were outstation and were unaware of the inclusion of their names in the committee.Disclosing the details of the probe, the director said, \"The system is to be blamed. We will synchronize with other city hospitals. During recordings of fact finding committee, the doctors attending to Anupama had been dealing with nine other serious patients. They were complicated cases and went on for over hours. This was the reason that Anupama's case had to wait till 19,\" said Dr Chawla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15254644", "title": "My role in Phir Subah Hogi is most challenging: Narayani Shastri", "text": "Narayani Shastri who currently plays a Raai dancer in the show 'Phir Subah Hogi', finds her role most challenging. \"This story about the Bedia tribe of Madhya Pradesh's Bundelkhand region portrays the heinous crime of exploiting women in the name of customs and rituals. I was fascinated by the concept of the show and I feel it is the most challenging role I have played in my career,\" says Narayani who shot to fame with her role of Rimjhim in show 'Piya Ka Ghar' and has also done shows like 'Kyun Ki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi' and 'Mamta' .The project came as a challenge to her as the language was not Hindi. Here, the dialect is Bundelkhandi which she finds challenging to memorize. \"I always used to modify the dialogue's penned by my writer according to my convenience, but here as the language is Bundelkhandi, I have to understand it in Hindi and then convert and memorize each and every line in Bundelkhandi,\" says Narayani who is also happy about her different look.When asked about the current show, she adds, \"TV industry has always revolved around the same old Saas bahu sagas. I think today the storyline is same, only it is twisted and framed in a different way. Only Shweta Tiwari's show 'Parvarish' showcases the parent children issues which is real.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "spa-francorchamps", "code": "15243173", "title": "Barthez makes a smooth switch to race track", "text": "SPA-FRANCORCHAMPS: From kicking the ball with Zinedine Zidane to sharing the wheel with Formula One Grand Prix winner Olivier Panis, Fabien Barthez has made a smooth transition from football to motor racing.The 41-year-old Frenchman, a key member of the team that won the 1998 World Cup and 2000 Euro, won the Gentleman class title in the national GT2 championship last year, and will be racing in the 24 Hours of Spa endurance event this weekend here as one of the three drivers for Sofrev ASP.Yet, the former Manchester United goalkeeper made light of his success as a race car driver. \"The race car has always been a passion for me, even when I was a boy,\" Barthez, whose last season as a soccer pro was 2005-06 when he played for Marseille, said on Saturday.For someone known to get involved in controversies easily, Barthez's observation about his past vocation was surprisingly simple. \"You must keep your mind free. If you are going to play for 11 years, the mind must enjoy the game first,\" he said.Barthez was famous for dribbling past the rival forwards although his adventures off the line also cost his team a goal or two at times.\"Anticipation was my strength. As a goalkeeper you cannot stay on the line, it can become lonely. You have to come forward and participate in the action,\" he said.Nightmare for PatelSPA-FRANCORCHAMPS: Aditya Patel endured a nightmarish race on Saturday as, driving for US Formula Project, he finished ninth in Race 8 in the third round of the JK Racing Asia Series on Saturday. Starting in fifth position, Patel, who's competing this weekend on invitation, constantly lost position in the wet weather.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15242916", "title": "5 Shastri Park residents killed in Amarnath accident", "text": "NEW DELHI: A pall of gloom descended on Lane 13, Shastri Park, when an Indian Army truck entered the colony and offloaded five wooden coffins one by one on Saturday. These five residents were among the 16 who died in an accident during their return from the Amarnath trail on Thursday.Seven other people from this locality are admitted in various hospitals in Jammu and Kashmir. Among them is Soni Joshi, who is probably unaware that she lost her husband Vijay Joshi, daughter Gungun and brother-in-law Rakesh in the accident. Her other brother-in-law Kamlesh is also undergoing treatment.\"I had talked to my brother barely 48 hours before the accident. He was euphoric that he had his ninth darshan and said they will be back in the capital by July 28. He said he was taking the truck as there were other people from Delhi, Ghaziabad and Hapur,\" said Sanjay, a relative.Another family member said that while Vijay had a small transport business, the younger brother was working in an apparel unit. \"Their father Bharat Bhusan could not even attend the last rites of his sons. He is still at Sambha trying to ensure his youngest son and daughter-in-law return home safe. Their mother is losing consciousness time and again and hence we have not revealed anything to her,\" he said.Family members insisted that it was Vijay who had inspired others in the colony to take the Amarnath trip. \"He was religious and enjoyed the journey. Even when he had set out on the ill-fated journey , he had told his co-passengers that he could face any challenge now that his ninth darshan was successful. When the Army broke the news to us, we just couldn't believe,\" said Sanjay.He added, \"Soni told us that she was at the back of the truck and had dozed off when the driver suddenly applied brakes. She flew out as the truck slipped into the gorge. Nine people died at the spot while the rest died on their way to the hospital,\" said Sanjay.The other two dead people from the colony were identified as Kuldeep and Deepak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15245390", "title": "Patna University likely to set up a college of journalism", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) is likely to set up a full-fledged college of journalism to promote media education and research in the state.This was announced by PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh here on Saturday while inaugurating a two-year MA course in journalism and mass communications at PU Hindi department. He said the college would be set up on the pattern of Columbia School of Journalism , so that it could impart training in all aspects of journalism to its scholars. A sound infrastructure would be created to carry out meaningful communication research which is not being done properly anywhere in the country.He said an independent department of journalism and mass communications would soon be set up in the university for promoting teaching and research in this discipline. This department would be the first of its kind in the state.He appealed to the students of mass media to learn English as they cannot do well even in Hindi journalism without having good knowledge of English. The present course would be bilingual, he said.The VC also announced that he would himself engage classes of journalism as the \"subject is very close to my heart\". He said seven to eight students of the MA course would participate in the UNDP-sponsored workshop on rural journalism to be held here on August 8 and 9.At the outset, PU Hindi department head Amar Kumar Singh welcomed the guests. The VC also released about half-a-dozen books written by university teachers on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15242724", "title": "Mystery man stranded at IGI, has no \u2018ID\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: How he reached India remains a mystery but the Delhi Airport will be his home for the next few days. The mystery man, who claimed his name was Mohammad Khalil and later Ahmed Khalil, arrived at the airport on July 21 either by Air India from Riyadh or Saudi Airlines from Abu Dhabi. He was intercepted at the immigration counter after he failed to produce a boarding card or any identification.Airport officials say the man is mentally unstable and has been unable to provide any information so far. According to Air India, he can be deported only after the Information Bureau is able to determine his nationality. Till then, IGI's interrogation room will be his abode.\"Two flights had landed almost simultaneously \u2014 an Air India flight from Riyadh and a Saudi Airlines from Abu Dhabi. The CCTV footage is not clear on which gate he entered the terminal from and hence it is difficult to determine which airline he was on. The passenger is mentally unstable and was not able to communicate either in Hindi or English,\" said airport sources.An Air India official said: \"There were 86 passengers on our flight and all 86 have been accounted for. Even if he did come on our flight, we will have to check in Riyadh how he managed to breach all levels of security and arrive in India. He was not carrying any luggage either. Even if he came on the Saudi flight, it will still be our responsibility to deport him as we are the national carrier.\"The passenger has been questioned by officials from the Saudi Embassy and Yemeni Embassy but no conclusive details have emerged so far. \"It has been frustrating since the passenger has not divulged any information. The agency has taken over the case and is probing the man's background. It seems he travelled on Air India flight. But since it is a diplomatic issue, we will take time to arrive at a conclusion,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15246297", "title": "Ranchi cops adopt UK policing system", "text": "RANCHI: District police have adopted British model of \"cops on dots\". Like their counterparts in the UK, the men in khaki have identified certain places in the state capital that are prone to crime and will deploy more personnel, including some in plainclothes, at these places.In a first of its kind initiative, the Ranchi police will also provide escort facilities to senior citizens who withdraw money from banks. The decision was taken in the wake of frequent mugging incident. City SP Vipul Shukla said they were ready to provide assistance to senior citizens after withdrawing money from banks. \"Such persons can call 100 and seek police help.\"The police chief said the British model of \"cops on dots\" had been implemented in the city. \"Every police station has been given the map which has clear-cut dots (places) to do extensive policing,\" Shukla said.The programme aims at increasing the effectiveness of police. The district police have analyzed crime records in the past one year and identified crime-prone zones. \"There are many crime-prone zones in the city. Our analysis shows an erratic occurrence of crime. It is a challenging job though we are on the job,\" said Shukla.The beacon lights and sirens of police patrolling vehicles, which were not visible for the past few months, have also been rectified. A senior police officer said although more number of patrolling parties and police-on-bikes could hardly lower the crime rate, but the effective deployment of personnel could.There are 23 patrolling parties (jeeps), 15 tiger mobiles (two police men on a bike) and 12 panthers (one policeman on a bike) in the city. All of them have been given fresh instructions and will work according to new deployment systems. \"The new places of deployment have been kept secret,\" said the SP.Ranchi SSP Saket Kumar Singh said although crime rate had gone up recently, the number of cases that were disposed of had also increased. \"It is important that the cases are disposed of timely and effectively,\" said the SSP.On escorting senior citizens, Shukla told TOI that officer in charges of police stations would be asked to hold talks with bank managers in their areas to review the security system. \"I will request banks to issue only notes of larger denominations when a person withdraws huge amount of money. It will be safer for the withdrawer to carry the money if notes are of large denominations,\" he added.The incident of mugging has become frequent in the city. On Saturday, criminals snatched a bag containing Rs 40,000 from a Anita Toppo, 50, in Pandra. The woman had withdrawn the money from the SBI branch at Bazaar Samiti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15246962", "title": "Born in debt, liberating with credit", "text": "Kulandei Francis, the winner of this year's Magsaysay Award, is determined to set free those trapped in debtA long time ago, Mathalai Mary, now in her 90s, took a loan of Rs 500 from a local moneylender in her native village of Karipatty near Salem. The family of eight could not repay the debt in time and it swelled to Rs 50,000 over a decade. As they sank into poverty, Mary's three sons and two daughters stopped their education to ensure a better academic future for their bright brother, Kulandei Francis. Their efforts paid off. This week, Francis won the prestigious Ramon Magsaysay award for social service.Growing up in poverty, Francis never forgot where he came from. He also didn't forget how a small loan made his family lose all their land and money. Quite early in his life, Francis decided what he wanted to do with his life. The social worker has so far rescued 1,53,990 women of Krishnagiri and Dharmapuri districts of Tamil Nadu and their families from debt-trap and given them opportunities to build their lives.Francis began his social journey as a Catholic priest with Fathers of Holy Cross in 1970. But in 1977, he left the order and became a full-time social activist. \"During my priesthood, I became part of Caritas India's (social service wing of catholic Bishops Conference of India) charity works and was assigned to work with famine hit people in West Bengal , who were displaced from Bangaldesh following the 1971 war. Then I worked with NGOs in Pune and Trichy and landed finally in Natrampalayam to devote myself to liberate people from money lenders,'' says Francis.Francis runs Integrated Village Development Project (IVDP), a savings-andcredit group which has grown into an allwomen movement of 8231 self-help groups (SHGs) with a cumulative loan portfolio of $435 million and a reserve fund of $48.9 million in three decades. The group's access to credit has led to successful village programmes in health, sanitation, housing, livelihood, education, besides a primary school for tribal children and a computer training academy that has so far trained more than 5,000 poor children.In this impoverished belt, success stories made possible by Francis have really changed lives. Mankamma, a 36-year-old mother of three who used to rear goats, got a loan of Rs 1 lakh from an SHG to start a rural hardware shop nine years ago. Today, she has a daily business of Rs 1 lakh. But Francis is modest about his success . \"My role is limited to the level of a facilitator and these wonderful women are now acting as agents of change in this poor and arid region. My works were taken seriously by none so far. So the Magsaysay Award has come as a shock to me,'' says Francis, while helping an SHG with entries in the accounts register.Francis began his work in Krishnagiri district at the tri-junction of Natrampalayam , Anjatty and Kodiyoor in Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka respectively. He conducted night schools in the light provided by gas lamps and small first-aid centres for the poor. Then he initiated a micro-watershed programme and built 331checkdams in 60 villages.As he ventured into micro-credit , Francis went to Bangladesh to study Nobel Prize winner Muhammed Yunus's Grameen Bank initiative, but he was not really impressed. \"That movement is not suitable for our people and my SHG project has nothing to do with it. Organised into clusters and federations, our SHGs are directly linked to banks through group accounts, bulk deposits and loans that have given the SHGs the power to leverage preferential bank treatment . These poor women are managing their finances effectively and reliably,'' says the Magsaysay Award-winnerThe man whose life began in a debttrapped family in Salem seems determined to change the lives of people who are vulnerable to exploitation by moneylenders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15250647", "title": "Anna Hazare begins indefinite fast", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare started his indefinite fast for Jan Lokpal Bill at Jantar Mantar here.Joining his team members, Anna Hazare said he will fast till a strong Lokpal is passed by Parliament.Amid concerns over his health, Anna said he was confident that his supporters will not let him die till the country gets a strong Lokpal.With Anna on fast, there was a substantial increase in the number of supporters who thronged the venue.Team Anna is already on indefinite fast at Jantar Mantar since July 25.On Saturday, which was the Day 4 of the Team Anna agitation, Anna Hazare attacked the government saying it has cheated them time and again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15243965", "title": "Anti-snake venom at Indira Gandhi Government Medical College", "text": "NAGPUR: While hospitals under the state health department have enough storage of anti-snake venom (ASV), there is virtually no stock at both the medical colleges in the city which draw a huge number of patients of snake bite, especially during rainy season. Patients are being asked to buy it from private medical stores.Both the Indira Gandhi Government Medical College (IGGMC) and the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), which handle at least 5 to 7 patients of snake bite every month, have been facing acute shortage of the medicine for the last many months mainly due to failure of the Directorate of Medical Education and Research (DMER) to renew the 'rate contract' or RC. In fact, health department hospitals in rural areas also refer their patients to the two colleges when they fail to manage them due to lack of expertise in handling these patients.GMCH dean Dr Rajaram Powar told TOI that though the college has kept aside a stock of 100-125 vials, there is an acute shortage of the medicine at both state and national level. \"The medicine is in short-supply from the Haffkins Institute, the government supplier in state, which is unable to meet the demand. Since we get a lot of patients from rural areas we have written to the deputy director of health services (DDHS) not to refer these patients to medical college and deal with them at local level. To handle emergency of local patients we have some stock,\" said Powar.But sources in GMCH and IGGMC say the truth is different. Medicine is not in stock because DMER has failed to renew the RC for the medicine which was due in April. The contract expired in April and is not renewed so far.Sources told TOI that DMER had a RC with Vins Pharma and Bharat Serum for the ASV. There was some problem between the second company and DMER which led to termination of the contract with the company. But Vins Pharma supplied only 200 vials for an order of 800 on the request of IGGMC. It has not supplied anything of the 1,000 vials order placed thereafter. The hospital requires at least 500 vials a month.\"We have somehow managed to meet the need so far through local purchase. But the hospital cannot purchase more than two vials in a day whereas a single patient needs at least 5-8 vials a day,'' said an IGGMC source.DDHS Dr Manohar Pawar claimed that the health department has enough stock for rural hospitals. Availability of the medicine is as good as 2,202 vials in Bhandara district, 873 in Chandrapur, 2,508 in Wardha, 845 in Gondia and 2,295 in Nagpur district. \"We cannot give the medicine to medical colleges on our own. If we get a request in writing we could oblige them,\" said Dr Pawar.Meanwhile, DMER director Dr Pravin Shingare clarified that DMER did not fail in renewing the rate contract but could not procure the medicine as one of the suppliers had gone to court. \"We have procured ASV through the Bombay Municipal Corporation (BMC) and would share this medicine with Nagpur until new contract is made,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15245366", "title": "Road Transport Corporation union calls off proposed strike", "text": "HYDERABAD: The National Mazdoor Union (NMU), the recognized trade union of the Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (APSRTC), on Saturday called off its proposed strike following an agreement with the management. NMU working president M Nageshwar Rao said the APSRTC would regularise 20,000 drivers and conductors working on contract basis by September.\"Nearly 80,000 employees will be given leave encashment by October by spending Rs 55 crore. Every worker is eligible for taking three leaves in a month. The management gave in writing about its commitment to implement the 30 demands,'' Nageshwar Rao added.Similarly, for the welfare of woman workers, the management has agreed to several demands. A worker would get double pay for doing double duty. It took nearly four rounds of talks between APSRTC management led by managing director AK Khan and union workers to arrive at the agreement.The Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (APSRTC) management has agreed to 30 demands of National Mazdoor Union (NMU), the recognized trade union, and put an end to the threat of workers going on strike on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15244596", "title": "Youth shot dead by \u2018friends\u2019 in drunken brawl", "text": "KOLKATA: A 26-year-old youth was shot dead by two of his associates in Ichhapur near Noapara in North 24-Parganas on Saturday evening after a drunken brawl broke out between them.Police, who say the victim also had a criminal past, are looking for the culprits. No one has been arrested in this connection yet.The incident took place around 6.30 pm on Saturday. In the afternoon, the victim, identified as Bikash Jadav, a resident of Arabinda Pally in Ichhapur, went to a restobar at Badamtala with his two friends on a motorbike. As they were drinking in the bar, an altercation broke out between Jadav, alias Natua, and the duo. It soon turned into a scuffle and the restaurant employees had to intervene. When they could not stop the trio from fighting, they drove them out of the bar.After coming out of the bar, the three continued to fight till one of them suddenly whipped out a gun and fired two rounds at Jadav. The duo also allegedly hurled two bombs at Jadav before fleeing the spot on the motorbike. Initially, bystanders did not dare intervene. However, when they saw Jadav being shot, they took him to Bhatpara State General Hospital where he was declared dead.They informed the police, too, and a team from Noapara police station went to the spot to investigate. \"Preliminary probe suggests that the murder was the fallout of a drunken brawl. The victim also had a criminal past. We are looking for the two accused along with whom Jadav had gone to the bar. Raids are being conducted at several places in Barrackpore to nab the culprits,\" a senior police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15244627", "title": "Brothers kill man after fight over water", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested two brothers in Teynampet on Friday for the murder of a 27-year-old man.Police said R Siva Kumar, 37, and his brother R Ganesh Kumar, 31, had a fight with Arun over who could draw water from a bathroom pipe in a lodge in Teynampet. During the fight, they stabbed Arun and fled from the scene. Other inmates of the lodge later found Arun lying in a pool of blood and called the police. Arun was taken to the Government Royapettah hospital where doctors declared him dead.Police nabbed Siva and Ganesh at Koyambedu bus stand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15244278", "title": "Moral policemen break the law", "text": "BANGALORE: Home minister R Ashoka has assured that he'd take action against culprits who took the law into their hands.He told STOI nobody has the right to question party-goers as long as they're not doing anything illegal.Does anyone have right to attack a private group?No one can take law into his hands. No one has the right to do moral policing. They should inform the police and they'll take necessary action if any illegal thing is going on.Why is it happening repeatedly in Mangalore?After the moral policing incident in 2009 in a Mangalore pub, the government had taken enough steps to control this menace. Moral policing had stopped in the region. Now, a group claiming to be a pro-Hindu organization has attacked from nowhere. None of the guilty will be spared. Tough action has been initiated against the guilty in the previous incident.What action will government initiate on the law breakers?I condemn the incident and will not tolerate such moral policing. Stringent action will be initiated against the law breakers. Police are on their toes to arrest the guilty. We'll see that no one will escape. At the same time, police will also check whether drugs and narcotics were used in the place by party-goers.A probe will be ordered on this.Some organizations claiming to protect Hindu rights are indulging in moral policing in the state, Is it wrong to party?People have the right to party in accordance with law. Nobody can question party-goers as far as illegal things are not done.Have you briefed chief minister Jagadish Shettar about the incident?The CM has been apprised of the situation. He has directed me to monitor and take effective measures.How Mangalore has faced moral policingNov 18, 2008: Students from different communities . a boy and girl . were roughed up when they found having snacks in Balmatta areaDec 10, 2008: College students in a professional college fs bus stopped at Pumpwell Circle. All those, except Hindus on board, forced to alight and beaten upJan 9, 2009: An eatery in Balmatta attacked by six youths on the grounds that it served beef. Police complaint lodgedJan 24, 2009: Around 40 persons belonging to Sri Rama Sene attack women having lunch in a pub. A report on the incident by Nirmala Venkatesh, member, National Women fs Commission, blaming the pub for lax security leaves Union minister Renuka Chowdhury fuming. Women guests fail to lodge complaint, fearing reprisal. Police arrest 27 persons, subsequently released on bail.Feb 6, 2009: The daughter of Manjeshwar MLA Kunjambhu was abducted and threatened by alleged CPM activists, when she was travelling along with her classmate fs brother, at Pumpwell Circle. The girl, Shruthi, doing her PUC at a Mangalore college was travelling to Mangalore from Kasargod along with Shabib. The activists were tipped off that a girl was travelling with a boy of another community. The bus was stopped at Pumpwell Circle by four persons and they forced both of them to board an autorickshaw. On the way to Naguri, the activists let off Shruthi after coming to know she was an MLA fs daughter, but assaulted the boy. Five persons were arrested. The lawyer representing the accused claimed they were CPM activists, a claim which was debunked by the Kerala MLAFeb 11, 2009: 16-year-old student of Aikala PU College commits suicide after being allegedly humiliated by a mob of activists after being found in the company of a Muslim. The girl and her friend Saleem, a conductor, were brought to the Mulki police station by a group of youths after they were gspotted in a secluded place f f. The girl and her friend were released. Humiliated, the girl hanged herself later. Only case of rape against Saleem was registered by police. Case handed over to CoD.Feb 25, 2009: A boy, Aqeel, was speaking to Anushwitha when they were threatened by unknown persons because they were from different communities. No arrests have been made as no complaint was lodged. But police have taken the versions of the boy and girl.Parents rush to police station; Cong protestsMangalore: Parents of the victims arrived at the Pandeshwar police station to get them released. Meanwhile, Youth Congress party workers gheraoed the Pandeshwar police station on Saturday night demanding the release of victims assaulted by the moral brigade. The outfit's president Mithun Rai told STOI: \"Till they are released and culprits arrested, we will not move from this place.What right do they have to take the law into their own hands? Nothing immoral was going on as alleged.\"Police sources said the main culprits have not been arrested, but six, including the local corporator,was taken into custody for protesting near the resort at Padil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "15245774", "title": "Cong leader Karumalil Sukumaran passes away", "text": "KOLLAM: Veteran Congress leader and former muncipal chairman of Kollam, Karumalil Sukumaran (70) breathed his last at a private hospital here on Saturday. He entered politics through students' movement and was an active worker of KSU during school and college days at St Alosiyus and S N College respectively.He became the councilor of Kollam municipal corporation when he was only 26 in1980 and continued in the office for a decade. During his five-decade long public life, he had served as AICC member, KPCC executive member, DCC general secretary, Kerala State Cashew Corporation chairman, Kerala Agriculture University Board member, Kerala State Pollution Control Board member and Kerala State Sports Council Board member.Chief minister Oommen Chandy paid tribute to the departed soul. His mortal remains were cremated at Mulankadakam crematorium in the evening. Sukumaran is survived by wife Udaya Sukumaran, who is a councillor at the Kollam corporation and sons Vishnu and Karun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15243808", "title": "Liability of all vehicle owners &amp; insurance companys' is joint &amp; several: HC", "text": "NAGPUR: In what is a landmark verdict, the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court has ruled that in case of motor accidents involving two or more vehicles, liability of all owners and their insurance companies is joint and several, irrespective of whether a particular vehicle was more at fault.\"This appears to be the true import of Section 140(1) of the Motor Vehicles Act,\" a single-judge bench comprising Justice MN Gilani ruled.\"Once it is found that vehicle or vehicles were involved in the accident, the Tribunal is obliged to pass interim award under the principle of 'no fault liability'. Its very concept is that the amount is payable not because there was fault on the driver's part, but because the vehicle was involved in the accident,\" he further observed.The verdict came while hearing an appeal filed by Shriram General Insurance Company Limited challenging the judgment of the Motor Accident Claim Tribunal ordering owners of two trucks involved in an accident that killed a person, and their respective insurance companies, to jointly and severally pay interim compensation to the family of the deceased.Two trucks were involved in an accident on Wani-Yavatmal Road on November 17, 2009. The truck belonging to Gupta Coal India Limited was hit from behind by a truck belonging to Sheikh Shamshu Sheikh Yasin. The accident resulted in the death of the cleaner of the second truck, Mohammed Shoaib. The mother and brother of the deceased lodged a claim for award of compensation on the basis of 'no fault liability'.Observing that two vehicles were involved, the Motor Accident Claim Tribunal ordered the owner of the first truck and its insurance company Royal Sundaram Alliance Insurance to pay half the compensation, amounting to Rs25,000, and also asked the owner of the other truck and its insurance company Shriram General Insurance to pay an equal amount.The appellant, represented by PN Khadgi, contended that the accident took place due to the negligence of the driver of the truck owned by Gupta Coal, and therefore the entire liability should be saddled upon Royal Sundaram representing it.However, the court dismissed the appeal, stating that as per Section 140 of MV Act, \"in accidents where two or more vehicles are involved, the Motor Accident Claim Tribunal is not required to consider which vehicle was more responsible and what could be the liability of the driver of each vehicle\".(With inputs from Devika Girish)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15244740", "title": "Clouds tease city, relief for parts of state", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With the extreme rain deficiency in the state, overcast skies on Saturday morning led to raised hopes of rains among Amdavadis. Clouds however refused to open up and part with any rain. Weather officials said that it might rain in some parts of south, central and east Gujarat late on Saturday night and Sunday.A few areas in Ahmedabad reported slight drizzles, but the skies refused to relieve citizens. \"There is an upper air cyclonic circulation over Madhya Pradesh which may give rains in south, central and east Gujarat and in some parts of Saurashtra. North Gujarat region and Kutch are likely to remain dry,\" weather officials told TOI. There were reports of rain in south Gujarat especially in Surat and Panchmahals on Saturday.Weather officials said Gujarat is facing a severe deficit. By the end of July on Saturday, Gujarat recorded a 67% rain deficit. Gujarat regions defined as north, east, central and south Gujarat were slightly better off with 58% deficiency while Saurashtra and Kutch are grim was a 78% shortfall.According to revenue department officials, the city has just received 130 mm of rainfall which is 245mm below the normal monsoon precipitation. Revenue officials said the state has just received 158mm of rainfall as against the annual rainfall of 798 mm.Officials said that on Saturday parts of central and south Gujarat received rain. The most rainfall in the day was 53mm in Kaprada, while Fatehpura received 22mm of rains, Dahod received 18mm. In all, 18 talukas received rain. Four talukas in Kutch still have not received any rain. These are Abdasa, Lakhpat, Nakhatrana and Bhuj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15246570", "title": "Race, ethnicity, status don\u2019t affect me, says Firozpur-born US public prosecutor Preet Bharara", "text": "Preet Bharara , poster boy of the US courts, is a man on a mission \u2014 to rid his country of crime and terror. In a rare interview, the Firozpur-born attorney for the Southern District of New York talks to Vrushali Haldipur about his role as prosecutor, the challenges and the motivation of what he calls the best job in the world.Let's begin by playing the devil's advocate. Prosecutors have the unenviable burden of proof. They need to put in years of investigation and piece together evidence to bring a case to court and prove guilt beyond reasonable doubt, while defense lawyers get to shatter that. But you have always said you have the best job in the world. What makes it so exciting?The reason that I say this is the best job in the world and that anybody who has it has the best job in the world is because whether you have this particular job or are working as staff or assistants in this office, your occupation everyday is to make sure to do the right thing and see that justice is served. There are very few people who get the opportunity in life to work and make sure that all they do is simply what they believe to be right. Defense lawyers sometimes have to take positions that they don't believe in; even politicians have to sometimes compromise on a few issues because of the nature of democracy and how it works. A prosecutor should not have to compromise on anything.What you say about the difficulty of proving a case \u2014 that's true. That to my mind is actually the beauty of the job. It should be hard to convict someone of a crime, it should be a high burden and that is why we make sure we hire the best, most hardworking and most ethical lawyers you can find anywhere in the country \u2014 because the burden is so high, the responsibility is so serious. Also, there is a great deal of satisfaction that you get when you can have some part in making your community or country a bit safer. There is great satisfaction and gratification that comes from upholding the law and making sure that victims' rights are vindicated, and that money that may be stolen from victims is returned and making sure that people who should be punished are held accountable.The Rajat Gupta case was very closely followed by many in India. One of the reasons it was so compelling was that it also presented two different versions of the immigrant American Dream \u2014 with him on the one side and you on the other.My job is to be a prosecutor, and to prosecute all cases. And that is the job of every prosecutor in my office. They have one thing and one thing only that they keep in mind \u2014 whether or not it is righteous to bring a case and whether guilt can be proven beyond reasonable doubt in a court of law. Sometimes defendants are from one ethnic group, sometimes from another group, and the same is true for prosecutors. And sometimes, by coincidence, defendants and prosecutors share an ethnic background and heritage. But none of that is remotely relevant to the work we do in this office, which is to hold people to account for their criminal conduct regardless of their race, ethnicity , status or anything else for that matter when we can prove their guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. Every community, just like every industry, has bad apples and I'm not sure that there's too much to be read into that.The use of wire taps in insider trading was a first \u2014 it used to be a tactic for busting gangsters. Was it considered to be too aggressive?I became United States attorney about three years ago. The wire taps in many cases were launched before I joined the office. It was a very smart and aggressive decision to use wire taps and it was made by my predecessors in office. When I came on board, I wholeheartedly endorsed it. If done properly and the court is properly overseeing it, as I have said many times, there's no reason to be less aggressive with the specter of white collar crime than when you are dealing with street crime. Especially when white collar criminals begin to adopt the ways of the street, which they have adopted in some of the cases that we have publicly brought, then prosecutors have no choice but to be tough and adopt street crime fighting methods as well.One of your top priorities is tackling terrorism in New York. India, too, faces terror threats. Regardless of the fact that criminal justice systems vary, what can law enforcement agencies learn from your recent prosecution of terrorists, like the Times Square bomber case?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15246300", "title": "Mumbai\u2019s \u2018oldest\u2019 school to shift to new-age International Baccalaureate", "text": "MUMBAI: It's a fact that the only thing constant in society is change. And keeping this in mind, possibly the oldest school of Mumbai has decided to change its affiliation to International Baccalaureate (IB). Robert Money Technical High School in Grant Road completed 176 years of imparting education in the city and is currently busy renovating its century-old structure. Their IB section will start from the next academic year.\"We still have close to 330 students from the SSC section who will finish their schooling the same board but, simultaneously , we will start the new IB batch in our renovated building,\" said Rev Sharad Balid, administrator of the school. As of now, the Marathi medium and junior college sections have been receiving grants from the government while the rest is run by the Bombay Diocesan Society BCS). The IB school is a joint effort of BCS and Chanakya Gyan Kendra, and will be open students from 2013.The trend of changing affiliations from state board to other central and internation-boards has been a part of the educational system for ages now. Christ Church School in Byculla has weathered the ups and downs of academia for more than a century . \"Old schools are awakened by the challenges put forth by newer schools. We have an advantage because of our history but we cannot rest on our laurels,\" said principal Carl Laurie. After changing their affiliation to ICSE in the 1970s, the school also introduced the CIPP program (an evaluation model) a year ago. Similarly, the school may be looking to launch the IGCSE program in the near future. Since we didn't want to be a has-been school, we realized that we had to make certain changes that would help us adapt to this rapidly changing environment,\" added Laurie.The Cathedral and John Connon School is considered one of the city's premier institutions for junior education. The key is to embrace the new without throwing out the old,\" said principal Meera Isaacs. Cathedral has never had any trouble keeping up with changing times. In fact, the school was the first in the city to establish a Learning Resource Center. To celebrate its 150th anniversary, Cathedral released a special commemorative stamp in 2010.Tradition has proven to be equally important to St Mary's High School in Mazgaon to the extent that it has maintained its uniform for more than a century. \"Tradition implies that there is something good in . There is a sentimental value attached to the boys' uniforms. No one has ever tried to change this tradition,\" said principal Fr Kenneth Misquitta.The Alexandra Girls English Institution in Fort is one of the oldest girls schools in the city and is ready to celebrate 150 years of existence. The school is preparing for an enormous celebration, which includes the release of a special postal cover, an interschool fest, ex-students' reunion and a grand show in April where the school souvenir will be released. However, it has no intention of changing affiliation any time soon. \"The state board syllabus has evolved over the years and is at par with other boards, so we will continue our loyalty to the board. We'd rather focus on co-curricular activities to encourage children in all aspects of life,\" said principal Freny Mehta. The school will start its 150 years celebration from September 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15244277", "title": "3 held for stealing cheques", "text": "BANGALORE: Three persons who stole cheques and drafts from a courier boy's bag a year ago and encashed Rs 12 lakh, were caught by the Central Crime Branch (CCB) sleuths recently. Mohammed Irfan, 21, Mohammed Ilyas, 28, both from Hyderabad and Syed Kaleem, 29, from Jayanagar, stole the cheques and drafts from the bag on September 28, 2011.\"Srikanth Pobathi, the courier boy, had kept the bag containing the consignment on the ground floor of a building on MG Road. He had gone to deliver other consignments to various offices in the building. On returning, he found the bag missing. Except for the cheques and drafts, other contents of the bag were found strewn at a distance from the building,\" police said.The trio, after stealing the cheques, erased the beneficiaries' names and got their names imprinted instead.They then deposited the cheques in bank accounts they held under fake names and addresses.They then withdrew the amount at various stages. They were remanded to judicial custody and later released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15252317", "title": "Daddies cool?", "text": "Following ND Tiwari's long-drawn paternity drama getting a closure, we take a look at DNA tests of other celebs.Life often mirrors reality and when Rohit Shekhar walked out of the Delhi high court on Friday minutes after the result of the DNA test of Congressman ND Tiwari was revealed, he used a film analogy to state: \"I am not the illegitimate son of ND Tiwari but he (Tiwari) is my illegitimate father.\" The reference, of course, was to Amitabh Bachchan's dialogue in \"Trishul\" where the actor had told his on-screen father (played by Sanjeev Kumar ): \"Aur aap, aap mere najayez baap hain.... Aaj aap ke paas sab kuchh sahi, lekin maine aap se zyada garib aaj tak nahin dekha.\"Politicians apart, actors, directors and musicians are not new to paternity disputes and quite a few of them have had to undergo DNA paternity tests to bail them out of crisis. In some cases, the father and the child have come closer after the test. In other occasions, the gulf has simply widened. When Osama Bin Ladin's niece, Noor Bin Ladin, was asked how she had reconciled to having to undergo a DNA test to prove that she is her father, Yeslam Bin Laden's daughter, she had said in an interview to TOI, \"It wasn't easy. But you see there are so many children with cancer who suffer so much. There are so many orphans in this world too. It was a difficult situation for me. But to have a mother (Carmen bin Ladin) like mine makes me feel so lucky.\" we take a look at some of the celebrities who took on the daddy cool moniker only after clearing the swab test.Imagine having to go for a DNA test in order to be able to use her father's surname. Imagine having to explain why her parents, Pandit Ravi Shankar and Sukanya, got married when she was already seven. The incidents might seem a little bizarre but Anoushka Shankar has been surprisingly candid about having to deal with all this pretty early on in life. \"I knew my mom loved Bapi very much and I thought it was very cool that she got what she wanted. I was aware that Pandit Ravi Shankar was an important person in our lives even before they got married. My mother would take me to all his concerts whenever he was in London . Those days I used to call him 'Baba' which means father in Bengali. After they married, I started calling him 'Bapi', which is more intimate, like Daddy. When I was nine, I started taking sitar lessons from him,\" she had said in an interview to TOI.Jude LawHollywood star Jude Law found himself in the middle of a bitter paternity dispute in 2009. Rumour had it that model Samantha Burke had allegedly conceived after she had met Jude in a nightclub in New York while he was filming \"Sherlock Holmes\" in the December of 2008. Samantha gave birth in September to daughter, Sophia, and a DNA test was required to prove that Jude was indeed her biological father. The battle became nasty and legal representatives had to intervene. The paternity DNA test finally proved that Jude was indeed Sophia's father. \"Samantha can confirm that DNA testing has conclusively established that Jude Law is Sophia's father,\" a rep for Samantha had announced. Born on September 22, Sophie is Jude's fourth child and he has three other kids from ex-wife \u2014 Sadie Frost .Justin Bieber Canadian crooner was just 16 when he was dragged into a paternity dispute over son Tristyn by Mariah Yeater . The latter had alleged that the popstar had lost his virginity to her backstage at LA's Staples Center. Matters got even more complicated since California laws insist that the age of consent is 18 and Bieber would have been only 16 at the time of the alleged sexual encounter. Eventually, the \"Baby\" hitmaker took a test but Yeater wasn't satisfied. Though she had dropped the lawsuit against Bieber, her lawyers had said that they weren't sure if it was Bieber's own DNA that was tested! Bieber, however, insisted that he had not even met Yeater \u2014 forget having unprotected, backstage sex with her.James Brown After the death of James Brown in the Christmas of 2006, as many as 12 people called in wanting paternity tests to be done in connection with the Godfather of Soul! As gossip columnists worked overtime and even went on to call the former singer a \"Sex Machine\", more confusion was in store because James had acknowledged that he has six children in his will. After the posthumous round of paternity tests, it was proved that he had fathered the son of Tomi Rae Hynie \u2014 his former backup singer. The boy was tested in April before a judge in South Carolina ordered to have it done. Tomi Rae Hynie and the boy were not mentioned in Brown's will. Unconfirmed reports state that further tests had revealed that James had two more children he didn't know of!Eddie Murphy This wasn't any comedy of errors for one of Hollywood's greatest comic actors when the world waited in anticipation for the results of his paternity test. Famous for his role in \"Doctor Dolittle\", Eddie was locked in a paternity dispute with British popstar Mel B in 2007. Scary Spice had alleged that Eddie was the biological father of her daughter, Angel Iris. While Melanie alleged that Iris was conceived when she dated the actor in the summer of 2006, Eddie went on to say in an interview to a Dutch TV show: \"I don't know whose child that is until it comes out and has a blood test.\" A DNA paternity test proved Melania correct though the father-daughter never really came close. Eddie already has fathered seven kids and Angel, who was born on April 3, is his eighth child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15246115", "title": "Team Anna misguiding countrymen: Sriprakash Jaiswal", "text": "KANPUR: Coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal, on Saturday said that all the power plants are being given adequate supply of coal by Coal India LTD (CIL) for power generation.\"It is very wrong to hold Coal India Limited responsible behind the shortfall in power generation,\" Jaiswal said while addressing media persons here on Saturday.We have been supplying Coal as per the agreement made by power companies for generating power, he added.Meanwhile, Union Minister Jaiswal, criticised Team Anna for accusing Congress party of diluting their campaign against corruption.\"It is unfortunate that Anna Hazare and his team are making baseless allegations against Congress. It is they, who have been misguiding countrymen,\" Jaiswal said.He further said that Team Anna's agenda is now exposed before the citizens and they have now started distancing themselves from Team Anna.Firstly, they did the blundered by opposing Congress party in Hissar elections, thereafter, they levelled charges of corruption against Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and finally not even spared country's first person, Pranab Mukherjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15242061", "title": "Water dips at barrage, but Haryana tells Delhi not to fret", "text": "NEW DELHI: Haryana government on Saturday drew neighbouring Delhi's attention to a major dip in water inflow at Tajewala barrage on Yamuna \u2014 the main discharge point of the river water to the national Capital.Though Haryana claimed that the water supply to Delhi won't get affected, fears abound that there could be an acute water crisis for both the states if the dry spell continues for a few more weeks.Haryana has been releasing enough Yamuna water to Delhi from Tajewala to keep the \"Wazirabad pond full\" in compliance with the Supreme Court order.\"We are committed to release 1,500 cusec per day to Delhi at the expense of a huge cut in the supply for our own people. I have written to Delhi Jal Board (DJB) to work collectively to reduce the demand to tackle the crisis,\" said Haryana irrigation secretary K K Jalan.July data shows that Tajewala recorded almost 75% drop in the inflow in comparison to the same period last year. On some days, the availability was as less as 15%-20% than 2011.DJB chief Debashree Mukherjee said, \"While there is no official communication from Haryana about water crisis, we are in touch with the Union water resources ministry. We have been assured that drinking water supply will get priority in case of a crisis.\"Haryana officials said that they are appealing to DJB to desist from lifting more than the \"rated capacity\" from Wazirabad pond.They circulated a copy of the intake of raw water at Chandrawal and Wazirabad water treatment plants to point out how DJB had been indulging in \"excessive lifting\".The document, which they claimed was prepared by the Union ministry of water resources, blames DJB for routinely lifting excess water between June 19 and July 15.On some days, it was to the tune of 249.19 million gallons per day (MGD) against the normal intake of 210 MGD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15250473", "title": "Seven out of 10 Indian kids suffer from gum disease: Study", "text": "MUMBAI: A new nationwide survey conducted by the India Dental Association (IDA) shows that 70% of children under the age of 15 suffer from gum problems. The IDA surveyed four lakh children across the country and found out that 40% are suffering from a faulty jaw line.The survey also pointed out that the problems of dental decay are rising amongst the children. Moreover a recent study showed that 92% students were found to be suffering from dental decay. Majority kids have dental problems with irregular teeth that need to be straightened and aligned, bad breath, or teeth that need cleaning - polishing and fillings.According to Dr Veejay Deshpandey, consultant dental surgeon and implantologist, almost 70 per cent of their dental problems are due to consumption of junk food, soft drinks and lack of good brushing habits. \"The usage of package food and junk food habits in children are increasing due to the fast life. Children, who are addicted to junk foods like candies, chips, cookies, french fries, chinese dishes, burgers, pizzas, ice creams, sodas, desserts as well as packaged drinks, cannot resist having them, and are more prone to problems such as toothache, problem in the gums, decays in milk teeth and newly erupted permanent teeth. The food particles tend to get stuck between the teeth which increase the bacteria in mouth and lead to tooth problems. This results in early tooth decay and possible loss of teeth. Hence these habits of eating are hazardous for children's teeth.\"Moreover teenagers are also seen to be addicted to smoking and tobacco at an early age. This makes them more vulnerable to oral cancer in their teens. The IDA is now visiting schools and conducting interactive seminars to teach children the importance of oral hygiene.If a kid develops problem at an early age, the infection in the tooth may spread to the bones. This will affect the permanent teeth that are important for kids in the future. A proper treatment is necessary. Dr Deshpandey suggests that kids should avoid eating junk food and they should have regular dental checkups so that the dentist can diagnose the problems at the initial stage and treat them effectively. Parents should regulate the intake of their kid's food in order to prevent long term dental hazards.Eating lots of fresh fruits and green leafy vegetables are good for the teeth. Whatever you eat, if your dental hygiene is not good then you are more vulnerable to dental carries. Kids should ensure that they brush twice a day, floss their teeth regularly and change their tooth brush every six months. They should even visit a dentist twice a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15244556", "title": "Pawar to come to town to assess rain deficit", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: A Government of India team led by Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar will visit the state on August 3 to make a preliminary assessment of the current water scarcity situation. A senior state official, who participated in a high-level meeting held by CM Narendra Modi on the scarcity on Saturday, told TOI that the team will consist of seven senior Union government secretaries, including agriculture secretary, animal husbandry secretary and rural development secretary.\"The meeting decided not to present a memorandum before the Central team, as it is too early. The situation is difficult, but has still not turned grim,\" the official said, adding, \"The meeting took note of the fact that enough water is coming into Gujarat from Madhya Pradesh , where there have been good rains. It is already leading to several dams, particularly Narmada and Ukai, getting water. This would help divert water for irrigation in areas where the canal network exists.\"Meanwhile, an official note issued in the wake of the high-level meeting, termed the situation \"uncertain\", saying, \"Modi directed the administration to implement the monsoon contingency action plan for all the 26 districts on a war footing without delay. He asked the administration to be compassionate to the problems of the people and be committed to providing enough water for irrigation and drinking, fodder, essential commodities and to create rural employment opportunities.\"Modi, who returned from Japan late on Friday night, told officials to \"review the situation due to the truant monsoon looking to the urgency and gravity of the problem on a daily basis.\" He also asked Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd, and the water supply and water resources departments to complete work related to Narmada canals, canals-based and pipeline-based water grid schemes at the earliest. He wanted optimization of water supply from reservoirs of the big dams or smaller check dams for the long-term, and, if needed, to supply water through tankers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15242169", "title": "2 held with fake notes of Rs 1.94L face value", "text": "NEW DELHI: An eight-month-old child kidnapped from Jaitpur on Friday afternoon was rescued from Bijnor in UP early on Saturday. Two women, Ashma and Gulshan Jahan, who allegedly took away the child, have been arrested.Police said the child's mother, a nurse, owed money to one of the accused, and when she did not pay up after several months, the two women planned to \"teach her a lesson\".\"Gulshan and her relative Ashma visited Jaitpur and persuaded the child's mother to accompany them to the market. They talked her into handing over the baby to them and slipped away. Police were informed around 3pm, and the case was cracked within 12 hours,\" said an officer at the Jaitpur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15243750", "title": "Home truths on career wives", "text": "Recently, I saw the recently released movie, Cocktail. The plot revolves around a philanderer hero who has to make the tough choice between two hot women. The uber-modern movie was set in London . The characters drank, danced in nightclubs and had one-night stands with aplomb. They worked in new-age aspirational jobs like glamour photography, graphic art and software design. And yet, the guy eventually chooses the girl who cooks home food, dresses conservatively, wins his mother's approval and is happy to be the ideal Indian wife. In fact, even the rejected girl, a free-spirited, independent woman agrees to change herself. To get the guy, she is happy to cook and change her lifestyle to match that of the ideal Indian wife.While the movie was fun, such depictions disturb me a little. When successful, strong women are portrayed as finding salvation in making dal and roti for their husbands, one wonders what kind of India we are presenting to our little girls.Really, is that what a woman's life is all about \u2014 to make hot phulkas ? Of course, i shouldn't be so bothered, many would say. It is a Bollywood movie. The commercial pressure to present a palatable story is real. Above all, the makers have a right to tell the narrative they want.Yet, when our most modern and forward cinema sinks into regressive territory, it is unfair to our women. It is also depressing because deep down we know such attitudes exist. Many Indian men, even the educated ones, have two distinct profiles of women \u2014 the girlfriend material and the wife material. One you party with, the other you take home. The prejudice against non-traditional women who assert themselves is strong.Let us look at another part of the world. Yahoo , a leading tech firm and a Fortune 500 company, recently hired a new woman CEO, Marissa Mayer . What's more, she was six months pregnant when she was hired, a fact she did not hide in her interviews.Marissa will take some time off after childbirth and will be back at work later. She can manage both. There is something to celebrate about that. Marissa is a role model for women and even men.I'd like Indian men to have an open mind about choosing their life partners and revise their 'ideal woman' criteria. Having a traditional wife who cooks, cleans and is submissive might be nice. However, choosing a capable, independent and career-oriented woman can also bring enormous benefits. For instance, one, a man who marries a career woman gets a partner to discuss his own career with. A working woman may be able to relate better to organizational issues than a housewife. A spouse who understands office politics and can give you good advice can be an asset. Two, a working woman diversifies the family income streams. In the era of expensive apartments and frequent lay-offs, a working spouse can help you afford a decent house and feel more secure about finances. Three, a working woman is better exposed to the world. She brings back knowledge and information that can be useful to the family. Whether it's the latest deals or the best mutual fund to invest in, or even new holiday destinations, a working woman can add to the quality of life. Four, the children of a working woman learn to be more independent and will do better than mollycoddled children. Five, working women often find some fulfillment in their jobs, apart from home. Hence, they may have better life satisfaction, and feel less dependent on the man. This in turn can lead to more harmony. Of course, all these benefits accrue if men are able to keep their massive, fragile egos aside and see women as equals.Sure, there are drawbacks also in being with working women. But the modern age that we are in, the phulka -making bride may come at a cost of missing out on other qualities. Please bear that in mind before you judge women based on their clothes, interest in the kitchen or the confidence in their voice.My mother worked for 40 years. My wife is the COO at an international bank. It makes me proud. She doesn't make phulkas for me. We outsource that work to our help, and it doesn't really bother me. If my wife had spent her life in the kitchen, it would have bothered me more.Please choose your partner carefully. Don't just tolerate, but accept and even celebrate our successful women. They take our homes ahead and our country forward. We may have less hot phulkas , but we will have a better nation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15253054", "title": "Famous brothers, influential sisters", "text": "Behind every famous brother, is a little-known influential sister.Kavita Barjatya, 34 Sister to: Sooraj Barjatya, head of Rajshri Productions Is: Head of television production arm of Rajshri Productions Home is: Mumbai\"We have no tera mera, it's all hamara\"Kavita Barjatya lives a life quite like the one her cousin, Sooraj Barjatya depicts in his productions \u2014 in a big, happy family, joined as much by personal ties as by professional ones.Thirty-four-year-old Kavita heads the television division for Rajshri Productions, supervising everything from \"scratch to telecast\".Sensing her potential to be a one-woman show, Barjatya asked Kavita to diversify into television in 2005. Their soaps like Woh Rehne Waali Mehlon Ki and Yahaan Main Ghar Ghar Kheli gained much popularity, too. \"We have brainstorming meetings, but we have never argued. Sooraj is my guru,\" Kavita smiles.The daughter of Kamal Kumar Barjatya, the eldest brother among three siblings, Kavita grew up pampered. When she was not studying, Kavita remembers picking up trophies for kathak.She may be 10 years younger than the reticent producer-director, who introduced happy joint families to Bollywood with 1989's Maine Pyar Kiya, but she has kept Rajshri relevant today.So, would Kavita attempt a new kind of Rajshri cinema? Clearly, a large section of filmgoers enjoy gaalis and innuendos, now. Kavita answers after a pause. \"We have made fil and serials based on the wa we were brought up. We have no 'tera-mera', it's all 'hamara'. My grandpa, Shri Tarachand Barjatya, set the motto 'Family Entertainment' for our company. We will continue to produce clean, wholesome family entertainers.\"She does admit, though, that change is the need of the hour. \"We need to package our films in a fresh way, and we're working on that. In cinema, there is no right or wrong. If a filmmaker tells his/her story convincingly, it works.\"Meanwhile, even as Barjatya has signed on Salman Khan for a film that may hit the floors next year, Kavita intends to produce a film, which she hopes to release in 2013. Rahman is more father than brother to me.- Vickey Lalwani Vickey.Lalwani @timesgroup.comRaihanah Shekar, 47 Sister to: Allah Rakha Rahman, 46, Oscar-winning music composer-singer Is: Singer in Rahman's troupe Home is: Chennai\"Rahman is more father than brother to me\"Sometime in the early '90s, during Ramzan, Raihanah sang a jingle for a toy company. That was the first time she worked with her brother, hman, India's most feted music composer and singer. Since then, the 47-year-old has recorded several songs, sung harmonies in his Tamil compositions, and avelled as part of his troupe.\"The first time I performed abroad was in 1996 with the troupe in Malaysia . It was a big deal for me. After the show, I joined the other musicians who had gathered around Rahman to thank him. He smiled at me and said, 'Thanks for what?'\" says Raihanah.Though she loved to sing, Raihanah never took it up professionally till she began to work with Rahman, when he would compose jingles for ad films. Her sisters Talat Fathima (42) and Ishrath (38) began to sing for him soon after, as part of his chorus.\"Each time we are up on stage together, it is magic. But when the show begins, there is no brother-sister dynamic at play. He is the composer and I am the singer,\" says Raihanah. But then, she adds, the benefit of being Rahman's sister extends much beyond the stage.After their musician father R K Shekar passed away when she was 10, Rahman took on the role of the breadwinner. \"Though he is younger to me by 15 months, he has always looked out for us. He has been more a father than brother to us. He made sure that we didn't despair over our loss. My respect for him is so deep, it's akin to reverence,\" she says.Rahman's self-effacing personality is reflected even at home, even though Raihanah says, he prefers a slight sense of detachment. \"He is most attached to God, and his work. When he makes a suggestion, I usually follow it. He is almost always right.\" This also explains why the siblings have never fought. \"I can remember no more than two arguments in 20 years,\" she laughs.This, despite going through hard times, like when they had to rent out their father's musical instruments and Rahman quit school to earn as a keyboard player. Back then too, Raihanah says, Rahman was as even tempered. \"His little legs sunk in large gum boots, Rahman would happily cycle to his school. Once, my mother and I fetched him during school hours to rush him to a recording session. It broke me to see him struggle, leave studies for work.\"The sister admits to being mesmerised by his music. \"I would just sit and listen admiringly whenever he played. His music always leaves me feeling inspired. He may have a million fans but, as he had once acknowledged in an interview, I'm his first fan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15245225", "title": "God of Small Things has a Tamil avtar", "text": "CHENNAI: Fifteen years after it was published in English, Arundhati Roy's Booker prize-winning novel 'God of Small Things' appears in a Tamil translation for the first time as 'Chinna Visaiyangalin Kadavul'. In a function at Chennai on Sunday, the translation by G Kuppuswamy was released by Roy. Tamil is the 39 language in which the book has been published.Kuppuswamy, an inspector with the local fund audit department of the Tamil Nadu government, said he read the book 30 times as he set out to translate the work. Though he completed his translation book in 2005, it was only in January this year that Kalachuvadu, the publisher, got Roy's permission to release the book.The Tamil translation of 'Bhimayana', a graphic non-fiction book about Bhimrao Ambedkar, a collection of poetry by Sukirtha Rani and the biography of filmmaker Raja Santo were also released during the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15234951", "title": "Hidden dangers of Facebook", "text": "When Kamesh D (name changed) received a phone call from a friend asking him if he was in trouble, he was mildly surprised. The surprise turned to alarm as he learnt that his friend had received a message on Facebook, saying that he had been robbed of his mobile and money while holidaying in Paris and updating Facebook courtesy of a stranger, and asking for money to be sent to a strange account.Kamesh was lucky. He was able to logon to Facebook, change his password and update his status, asking his friends to ignore any requests for money. Kamesh had become, for a brief period of time, a victim of the 419 scam - updated for the Facebook age.Read: 9 random things people do on FacebookIn 1995, there were 16 million users of the internet. It took another 10 years for the number of users to hit 900 million. Facebook had a million users, in 2004, its year of incorporation. In 2006, it had 16 million users. As of April this year, the social networking site had hit 901 million users around the world, doing in six years what had taken the entire Internet a decade.Where there are crowds, there are criminals. And it's not surprising that Facebook attracts a whole new breed of scamsters. Their objectives remain the same -- it's either money, personal information or redirection to shady schemes or page hits.In 2009, a woman named Leanne Saylor took a Facebook quiz. You know the type \"Which Star Wars character are you most like?\" or \"Which celebrity are you?\" There are thousands of these on Facebook. Saylor took an online IQ test. On completion, she was asked to enter her mobile phone number to receive the results on her phone. She got the results - and she also got subscribed to three mobile text messaging services that ended up with an additional $44 (Rs. 2,434) on her mobile bill.Anyone active on Facebook is bound to have seen posts like this \"COOL!! i cant believe its real and official we can now see who's viewing our profile, Check Who's Viewing Your Profile here\" or an image list of a user's friends with the caption \"Your profile visitors in the last 12 hours\". The links that accompany these posts invariably lead to one scam or the other.The problem lies with the nature of Facebook applications. When you launch a Facebook application, you first get past a permissions page. For example, the popular \"MyCalendar\" app requires information to \"Your basic info\", which includes your name, your profile picture, your gender, your networks, your user id, your friend list and any other information you made public.Angry Birds Friends, one of the most popular Facebook games, requires all the above information and your email id. It will also make posts on your behalf on your timeline. When a user signs up for an app, all this valuable information is made available to the app developer - and the use of this information is entirely dependent on the app developer's benevolence.David Hall , regional consumer product marketing manager for Symantec Asia Pacific says that the most common ways scamsters benefit from Facebook attacks are through redirection to scammy product pages, premium subscription services and more dangerously, the so-called \"Drive By Downloads\".A Drive By Download happens when a user either dowloads a piece of software - a browser plug-in, an ActiveX control or any other piece of executable software without fully understanding what it does - or a piece of software downloads itself on to the user's computer without the user's knowledge or consent. Ultimately, not being taken in depends on being careful. If one of your friends has uncharacteristically watched a video titled \"OMG, Look at what this girl wore to the beach\", ignore it. If you see a post about a tool that allows you to remove the Facebook timeline, ignore it. Facebook also doesn't allow anyone to track who's seen your profile . And use Facebook's security options.Facebook's security page allows you to enforce secure browsing. You can also choose to be notified by email or text when someone accesses your account from a strange device or machine.You can also use the security page to set up app passwords, meaning you have different passwords for apps and your Facebook account. Finally, you can review the active Sessions settings to see the locations and operating systems from which your account has been accessed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15243457", "title": "Land issues derail metro works", "text": "HYDERABAD: The execution of Hyderabad Metro Rail (HMR) project will be long drawn as the municipal corporation is still grappling with land acquisition issues to facilitate HMR's right-of-way. The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has so far acquired around 2,000 properties along the three HMR corridors across the city, but a staggering 1,400 properties still remain to be acquired.These acquisitions are set to be mired in prolonged negotiations as they include defence and railway land. These were the key observations made at South Zone Conference on Sustainable Solutions to Tackle Congestion for Better Liveable City on Saturday.Officials of GHMC said that they had started work on acquiring properties to create right-of-way before the concession agreement was signed.Addressing a gathering of delegates and mediapersons at the conference organised by Institute of Town Planners, India, K Dhananjay Reddy, additional commissioner (planning) of GHMC, said, \"As per the clause in the concession agreement, we have created around 80% right-of-way before entering into the agreement with L&T; which could later have been a point of arbitration. We are facing problems in revenue records. Several properties in the hands of private individuals are reflecting as government land. Also, there are several properties that are declared as government land and grants during the Nizam's rule and have been in the possession of people for 40 or 50 years.\" He said these property owners would be compensated as per prevailing market values of their land.Reddy said while owners of these buildings were ready to give up their properties, their tenants were refusing to vacate them. Further, committees of places of worship have been hindering their relocation to pave way for the metro rail project.Most speakers pointed out that of the 140 metro rail projects across the globe only four have been financially viable while others have recorded losses. They also noted that the character of the city must not be altered due to the metro rail project.Speaker Nadendla Manohar pointed out that 30% of the country's population was moving towards urban centres and urged for 'green models' of transportation. He noted that having a rapid mass transport system is inadequate and added that other modes of transport such as buses, autorickshaw and bicycles must be recognised.\"Only a metro railway system cannot offer a solution. We have forgotten the autorickshaw and the cycle,\" he said. Manohar noted that 88% of vehicles plying the roads were two and four wheelers and added that a large number of commuters were using private vehicles instead of public transport.\"Urban transport is not the only issue. Public participation is required,\" he added. Speakers also pointed out that only 8 % of the road network in GHMC area limits had usable footpaths.Minister of MA&UD; Maheedhar Reddy said that it was not easy to say town planning could be implemented on the field.\"Can we achieve even 20% is the question. Also, change of land use depends on the will of political leaders. For the metro and rapid bus transit systems, a change in the master plan is required. Nobody knows the direction of growth of the city and it is beyond expectation,\" he said.NVS Reddy, managing director of HMR, said so far 50 pillars have been erected and 140 foundations laid. \"Around 365 trees have been translocated and all of them have survived. We have been improving carriageways and storm water drains and have created bypass roads,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15245367", "title": "V Hanumantha Rao calls off 'silent protest'", "text": "HYDERABAD: In less than four hours after starting a silent indefinite protest demanding a brainstorming session to discuss the party's declining prospects, Rajya Sabha member V Hanumantha Rao on Saturday called off his protest following an appeal from deputy chief minister C Damodar Rajanarasimha. Rao has been demanding a brainstorming session with grass root level leaders to accommodate their views in strengthening the party. Among other things, Rao also demanded immediate filling of nominated posts, which have been lying vacant for years, with party workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15241605", "title": "Idol immersion tank work at Sonegaon delayed", "text": "NAGPUR: The Sonegaon lake, which is all set to get back its lost glory after efforts spanning 32 long years, is facing pollution threat due to inordinate delay in construction of the idol immersion tank. Crores of rupees spent on the rejuvenation of the lake may go down the drain if the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) repeats its mistakes.The NMC has never seemed serious about preserving the 11 big lakes in the city. It was the Central government which sanctioned Rs5.02 crore under its ambitious scheme, National Lakes Conservation Plan (NLCP) for rejuvenation of Sonegaon and Gandhisagar lake in March 2010. However, the actual work began in 2011. NMC has completed 80 per cent work at Sonegaon lake and vowed to complete the remaining by the end of this year. Desilting of the lake was completed a few days ago. The work at Gandhisagar lake has not gained momentum due to various reasons.One of the major conditions for releasing funds under NLCP was constructing idol immersion tank on the bank along with making provisions for collecting nirmalya and other wastes, to prevent pollution.Along with other works, the NMC started construction of the idol immersion tank on the east side of the Sonegaon lake. A pit measuring 16 meter in length and 8 meter wide was dug up. Retaining wall was also constructed on two sides. Staircase was to be built on both sides and the tank needed to be connected to a nearby storm water drain.The NMC was expected to complete the work before the Ganeshotsav, scheduled from September 19. Besides, the civic body was supposed to spread awareness among citizens regarding immersion of the idols in the tank only. Shockingly, the tank's work has come to a halt for the last one month. The festive season is already here, but no plans are afoot to spread awareness among citizens. Throwing waste into the lake continues unabated in the absence of any preventive measures.NMC's officer in-charge for lakes and rivers, Mohammed Israil, was unavailable for comment despite repeated attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15247194", "title": "'Manpower crunch ails agriculture and allied sectors'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: State agriculture universities need to increase student intake as there is more than 50% demand-supply gap of manpower in agriculture and allied sectors, said S Ayyappan, director general of Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR), while speaking at the 32nd convocation of the Odisha University of Agriculture and Technology (OUAT) here on Saturday.Quoting a recent report by NAARM (National Academy of Agricultural Research Management), he said the existing education system is producing around 24,000 graduates per year with crop sciences contributing 2/3rds of it. The projection indicated that by 2020 the requirement would be about 54,000 resulting in a demand-supply gap of 30,000. \"This is true across the board, though the shortfall is high in rapidly growing sectors like horticulture, dairy and fisheries,\" said.The additional annual manpower requirement in agriculture will be 9,335, horticulture 7,153, forestry 1,116, dairy 3,005, veterinary and animal husbandry 4,989, fisheries 2,181, agricultural engineering 1,749 and agricultural biotechnology 305.\"The scope of agricultural education will be widened to increase the enrollment. Performance assessment of universities, college and programmes will be linked with their performance to extend central support,\" he said, adding efforts will be made to improve faculty to a great extent in view of implementation of revised curriculum in agriculture universities.In the XII plan, emphasis will be on improving quality of higher education by making the accreditation process more objective. It will be based on quantifiable parameters, revision and modification in the curriculum and syllabi to improve quality and acceptability of pass outs, said Ayyappan, who is also secretary of the department of agricultural research and education (DARE).Among the new initiatives contemplated by the apex body, Ayyappan said, one-year composite programme namely Rural Entrepreneurship and Awareness Development Yojana (READY) to promote professional skill, entrepreneurship, knowledge and marketing skill and on Attracting and Retaining Youth in Agriculture (ARYA) for sensitization and motivation of farm youths. Besides, to make technology delivery process more effective, it is proposed to launch 'Farmer FIRST' an initiative to move beyond the production and productivity.At the 32nd convocation, 443 graduates, 228 post graduates and eight PhDs degrees were conferred in different disciplines. Besides honorary doctorates were awarded to eight eminent personalities from agriculture and allied sciences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15247326", "title": "Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender community seeks to increase support base", "text": "MADURAI: The Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender (LGBT) community that gathered in Madurai for the city's first Turing Rainbow festival expressed the need to increase their support base by roping in civil societies and other organisations. The event was organised by Srishti, a literary and resource circle for alternative genders and sexualities here on Saturday.Anjali Gopalan, founder and executive director of NAZ Foundation Trust, insisted upon creating unity within the community in order to fight for their cause. \"We need a larger support base and should join hands with civil societies, feminist groups, trade unionists and others for the purpose,\" she said. The festival witnessed a lot of interaction among gay couples, transgenders and others who vented their frustration about their everyday struggles and the social discrimination that still persisted against their community.Anjali said she never thought she would discuss LGBT issues in a city like Madurai as it is considered as one of the conservative places and she stated that it was easier to speak about LGBT issues in larger cities. Narrating her fight against Section 377 of Indian Penal Code, she said that it was against the persons attracted towards the same sex and the homosexuality was considered a crime in colonial times. The NAZ Foundation has to file a PIL as the police harassment towards gay persons was really high in 90s. \"Much to the relief of many persons, Delhi High court pronounced that Section 377 should exclude consensual sex between adults in 2009,\" she said. They are expecting the Supreme Court also to come up with a positive judgment, she added.Kalki Subramaniam, founder of Sahodari, a Chennai-based organisation for Transgenders said that transgenders only wished to have a family filled with love. \"Nobody in the society comes forward to accept a transgender as wife and most of them are forced to leave their home. We are forced to become commercial sex workers for our livelihood,\" she rued. Revathy, a transgender activist added that haunted by incessant teasing and discrimination in schools, most transgenders do not continue their education. Prabakaran, professor of Tamil Department, American College, poet and film maker Leena Manimekalai, writer Osai Chella and Gopishankar, founder of Srishti, also addressed the function.The day-long event witnessed screening of films based on LGBT issues, stage plays and poetry. On Sunday, the organisers have planned to conduct a queer pride march in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "15245905", "title": "Birthday carnival at school gets toddlers excited", "text": "DUGRI: It was a carnival full of cakes, balloons, bounces, tattoos, lolly pops and whistles for kids of Cherubs Pre-school, Dugri.The school celebrated birthday of six kids, Sanan Arora, Prabhleen Passi, Sanchit Bhalla, Manya Narula , Jeenal Gupta and Daisha Sethi, whose birthdays fall during the summer vacations. The kids were invited to the school along with their family and friends to celebrate their special day.Fun games like musical chair and dumb charades were played and the kids danced to the latest songs with their mothers. The parents were really excited and had a lot of fun in the school with their kids. It was a magnificent moment when the cake was cut and all the teachers sung birthday songs for the kids. Later in the evening the toddlers were given titles like, big girl in pink dress, small girl in pink dress, boy and girl in yellow and white dress and girl in shorts.We just wanted the kids to enjoy and celebrate their birthday with friends at school. There was everything which the kids wished for on their birthday. I am happy that the kids went home with a smile on their face, said principle Ruchika, who is a resident of Model Town. My daughter was thrilled after celebrating her birthday at school. Earlier she was upset because she couldn't celebrate her special day with her friends and teachers at school, said Neelam Gupta, mother of student and resident of Dugri.I loved the celebrations the party, games and dancing with children. And this party was so much fun, my daughter got to celebrate her birthday twice! said Gunjan Sethia, mother of a student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "15245597", "title": "Tourists making the most of Shillong's cool summer", "text": "SHILLONG: Tourists from eastern India are flocking to Shillong to experience why the hill station became known as 'Scotland of the east'. In this overcast monsoon season, early mornings and evenings are still shivering cold and, if and when the sun shows up, the afternoons become comfortably warm. With the average temperature hovering in the 20s on the Celsius scale, it's a usual veritable cold summer for Shillong.Even though older residents insist that summers have truly become hot over the year, for tourists from the plains, the weather is perfect. \"Some two decades back, we never experienced the heat that we do now. This is not only because of global warming , but also because the rampant felling of trees,\" said Ajanta Das, an elderly resident. Kolkata's Kuntala Banerjee disagreed. \"Who says it's hot here?\" asked the vacationer, \"Let those who say Shillong is hot go to Kolkata to understand what heat actually is all about,\" she argued.Even people from the nearby Guwahati are making the most of the pleasant weather. \"Shillong is hardly a three-hour drive - barely 100 kilometers - from Guwahati, but the difference in the weather ion the two places is immense,\" said teenager Bohagi Sharma, who is in town with her friends to escape the Guwahati heat.And it is not just the tourists having a good time. Even the locals have got into the swing of things. \"It's perfect to doze off on a cozy bed under a warm blanket in Shillong in the wee hours and keep dreaming on,\" giggles Petal Dkhar, flaunting a fancy pink nightgown well into the afternoon. \"I get up late as I have to stay awake till late,\" said the high school student. \"The weather here is truly romantic, blowing hot and cold at the same time,\" she said.\"It's supposed to be summer, but then when it drizzles, the temperature in the hill city falls drastically and that's the reason why jackets and cardigans are a perpetual necessity and also a fashion statement of sorts in Shillong,\" says Wanda Marbaniang, who is pursuing a course on garment designing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15254494", "title": "Acting after marriage isn't a crime: Mamta", "text": "Actress Mamta Mohandas might not have made it to the big league when she entered the Tamil film industry, but post her marriage, she seems to be getting a lot of offers, mostly thanks to her performance in Arun Vijay's Thadaiyara Thaakka.The actress married Bahrain-based businessman Prajith Padmanadhan last year and a few in the industry seem to consider that it has changed the luck for the petite heroine, whose earlier films Sivappathigaram and Guru En Aalu were big flops at the BO.Meanwhile, there have also been some snide remarks being made about the actress on her willingness to act as the lead even after her marriage. When a journalist recently posed the question to Mamta, she got quite upset and shot back, \"Acting after marriage isn't a crime. I'm keen to do good films and that is why I listen to as many scripts as possible. But I have made a decision to restrict myself to acting in three films a year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "15246159", "title": "Teen sexually abused by father, cousins for 8 years", "text": "SONIPAT: Haryana's worsening record of crime against women touched a new low, with a minor girl of Badwasni village in Sonipat district accusing her father and two cousins of sexually exploiting her for 8 years, since she was barely nine.Sadar police station in charge Usha Rani said the girl had recorded her statement in the court of Justice Ankita Sharma in Sonipat on Friday evening.\"On the basis of her statement, a case of rape was registered under Section 376 of the IPC and the girl's 40-year-old shopkeeper father and her cousin Vijay Bhan, 23 were arrested on Saturday,\" a police officer said. The victim has been sent to the Baal Gram at Rai village of Sonipat.The police said that the girl, a student of class 11, fled from her house on Thursday night. Acting on a missing report lodged by her family, police tracked her to Lakhan Majra village of Rohtak district where she came out with the tale of her violation and incest.The victim said after being sexually abused by her father and cousins for around eight years, she could not tolerate the situation any more and decided to run awayA shocked resident of Badwasni, Sanjay Kumar , said, \"The neighbours had no inkling about all this. Though some villagers asked her mother if she knew about sexual abuse her daughter was subjected to, she kept mum,\" he said.The victim has two younger siblings, including a girl, while her accused cousins are jobless. Police could also question others in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "15247328", "title": "23 fishermen released, strike ends", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Twenty-three Indian fishermen and their five boats caught by Sri Lanka were repatriated by the Indian Coast Guard on Saturday morning. Subsequently, the fishermen returned to sea, calling off their six-day strike against the arrests. The Lankan navy took custody of 23 Rameswaram fishermen and their boats on July 21 on charges of trespassing. They were handed over to the Talaimannar police and produced before a Mannar court on July 23. The court remanded the fishermen till August 6 and they were locked up in Anuradhapuram prison. Fishermen at Rameswaram called for a strike demanding the release of their comrades.Due to the intervention of the state and Central governments, the fishermen were released by Sri Lanka on Friday. The Lankan navy handed over the fishermen to the Indian Coast Guard at the International Maritime Boundary Line (IMBL) around 5 pm. Coast Guard ship Rani Abbakka received the fishermen and their boats and took them back to the coast station at Mandapam. Though they reached the Mandapam anchorage around 8.30 pm that day, they could not be brought to shore as one of the fishing boats ran out of fuel and they were kept at sea itself, Coast Guard officials said. After re-fuelling the boat on Saturday morning, they reached the Coast Guard station at Mandapam, where the fishermen were jointly interviewed by the Intelligence and other security agencies and thereafter handed over to the assistant director of fisheries, Rameswaram.Coast Guard commanding officer H H More said the fishermen could not be brought to shore on Friday night since one boat ran out of fuel and the boat could not be towed into a channel running to anchorage due to low tide. \"They were kept off the anchorage and were brought to shore on Saturday morning at 7.30 am after we could refuel the boat. The fishermen were provided with food and water and handed over to the fisheries department after the formalities,\" he said.He also warned fishermen not to trespass the IMBL for their own safety and not to indulge illegal activities. He urged the fishermen not to venture into sea during adverse weather and carry sufficient life-saving equipment in their boats. \"It is always better if fishermen operate in pairs or groups for mutual assistance and safety in emergencies and to know the likely whereabouts of a boat in case of missing or inadvertent crossing of IMBL. This is to help initiate timely action for necessary assistance. The fishermen should call upon the Coast Guard or the naval ship at sea as and when any distress occurs off IMBL,\" he said.As the fishermen were released, Rameswaram fishermen called off their strike and returned to sea on Saturday morning. Around 600 mechanised boats ventured into sea, but repeated harassment by the Sri Lankan navy has resulted in many fishermen leaving to Kerala, fishermen association leaders said. \"Due to repeated attacks and strikes in Rameswaram, a good number of labour have left to Kerala as the fishing season is about to commence in the western coast. Nearly 60 boats could not go fishing due to lack of labour,\" said B Jesuraja, district secretary of the Tamil Nadu Mechanised Boats Fishermen Association.For Box: Two more held by Sri LankaEven as the 23 fishermen were released by Sri Lanka, another two who went in a country boat were held by the Lankan navy at Kalpatti in Sri Lanka on Thursday. A Alankaram (29) and D Susai (29), fishermen from Thangachimadam who ventured into sea on a country boat, were held by Kalpatti navy near Kalpatti in Sri Lankan waters. The navy allegedly found tobacco and snuff bags in the boat. The Lankan navy handed over the fishermen to the Kalpatti police. U Arulanandam of Alliance for Release of Innocent Fishermen (ARIF) said the fishermen were produced before the Kalpatti court and remanded in police custody.Fishermen associations here are maintaining a distance from the fishermen caught under charges of smuggling and illegal activities. However they expressed apprehension over the claim that these fishermen were lured into smuggling after being associated with Sri Lankan nationals. \"We were told that there were also four Sri Lankan nationals along with the Indian fishermen in the boat. Recently, two Sri Lankan boats from Mannar and Neer Colombo were stranded in Rameswaram without any persons. We suspect some unwanted nexus between some of our fishermen and Sri Lankan nationals,\" a fishermen association leader who did not want to be named said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15246647", "title": "Mangalore City Corporation webcasts feed from CCTVs", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore City Corporation has taken a leaf out of Kerala chief minister Oomen Chandy and former CM DV Sadananda Gowda's books on transparency in governance. It is webcasting the feed from five of 32 closed circuit television (CCTV) surveillance cameras on its premises at Lalbagh on a trial basis. Netizens can see what their civic body is up to at mangalorecity. gov.in/node/145.Commissioner K Harish Kumar mooted the idea of webcasting the feed from these cameras, including the one at the main entrance where people throng the various counters.Seeking to take further this initiative, perhaps the first for any urban local body in Karnataka, Harish said, \"CCTVs will be installed in my office, and those of senior officers including joint commissioner, chief accounts officers, health officer, and revenue officer.\" Once the trial stabilises, the feed from all 32 cameras will be hosted online, Harish said, adding the council hall and committee halls too would be covered soon.Mayor Gulzaar Banu said the initiative will allow those interested and concerned about the civic body to keep tabs on how things are functioning there. \"I have no objection if the official chamber of the mayor is under surveillance if the office of deputy mayor and committee chairmen too are covered,\" she said.Some cynics are sceptical about this plan. \"It might at best deter an official who seeks favours brazenly in the corporation to do it elsewhere,\" says Hanumanth Kamath of Nagarika Hitharakshana Vedike. While appreciative of the initiative, he said until there's awareness and citizens don't pay bribes to get their work done, no amount of surveillance or webcasting will yield results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15247395", "title": "\u20187-yr-olds in UK taking ecstasy, cannabis\u2019", "text": "LONDON: In a shocker, an official survey has revealed that British children as young as seven are taking ecstasy and cannabis. The government's annual crime survey showed that nine-year-olds are also trying cocaine and often it is because their parents are failing to control them. The survey has shown for the first time the youngest users of the most popular drugs in Britain \u2014 cannabis, ecstasy and cocaine, the Daily Mail reported. They found almost one in three who have ever smoked cannabis first tried it when they were under 16. \"The most commonly reported age for first taking cannabis was 16 years. But, as expected, there was a lot of variation among adults in the age cannabis was reported to be first taken, ranging from eight to 56 years old,\" the report says. Around 6% of those who had ever taken Class A cocaine took it first at school and 8.2% had taken ecstasy before they turned 16. Jeremy Todd, chief executive of the charity Family Lives, said, \"We speak to thousands of families every year and evidence shows that parents are the main influence on how children approach drugs and alcohol. \"Equipping parents with the tools to ensure they can talk effectively with their children is the best way of preventing children experimenting at an early age and can prevent later problems in teenage and adult life.\" The survey highlighted that the age of onset was most commonly 18 for cocaine powder, but again this was within a wide range of reported ages, from nine to 57 years old. Cannabis use has dropped the most, while there have been reductions in ecstasy and cocaine compared with the 1990s.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15244652", "title": "Girl\u2019s death: Cops search for school official", "text": "CHENNAI: Police are on the lookout for N Ravi, the transport in-charge of Zion Matriculation Secondary School near Tambaram, in connection with the death of a six-year-old girl who fell through a hole in the school bus before being run over.Police had earlier arrested Ravi's brother N Vijayan, the founder and correspondent of the Zion group of educational institutions, and three others \u2014 motor vehicles inspector P Rajasekaran, transport contractor Yogeswaran, driver Seeman and the bus cleaner, a minor.Police said they were looking for Ravi as it was his responsibility to ensure proper maintenance of the bus and he had not done his duty.On Wednesday last, Shruthi was returning home when she fell through a hole in the bus and was crushed under its wheels. The incident sent shock waves across the city and an angry mob set fire to the bus.The Democratic Youth Federation of India staged protests demanding action against erring officials who had given the fitness certificate for the bus. Nearly 4,000 people had taken out a silent procession two days ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15247430", "title": "Kayani\u2019s aide is Pakistan\u2019s new defence secretary", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Lieutenant general (retired) Asif Yasin Malik , a close aide of army chief general Ashfaq Pervez Kayani , has been appointed as Pakistan's new defence secretary . Malik is a former commander of the Peshawarbased XI Corps and did a stint in the Inter-Services Intelligence when the spy agency was headed by Kayani.He replaces top bureaucrat Nargis Sethi, who was given additional charge as defence secretary in January after former premier Yousaf Raza Gilani sacked the previous incumbent, lieutenant general (retired) Khalid Naeem Lodhi, during a standoff with the army.At the height of the tensions between the government and the army over a mysterious memo sent to the US about averting a possible coup in Pakistan , Gilani had sacked Lodhi for \"gross misconduct and illegal action\" .Sethi, who was considered to be very close to Gilani, was then made the defence secretary . She will continue to hold the post of cabinet secretary. A retired officer from the powerful army has traditionally held the post of defence secretary and media reports had suggested that Sethi did not get complete cooperation from the military.A formal notification about Malik's appointment was issued onFriday.Malik retired from active service last December and his last sting was as commander of the Peshawar-based corps that is engaged in counter-insurgency operations in the restive northwest.Malik, who has attended training courses in American institutions, is expected to sign a bilateral memorandum of understanding with the US next week to cover the transportation of supplies to foreign forces in Afghanistan . The MoU was approved by the cabinet this week. In another key appointment announced by the government on Friday, information group officer Shafqat Jalil was made press secretary to Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15245030", "title": "Low Bhakra water level worries 3 states", "text": "NEW DELHI: Haryana, Punjab and Rajasthan are deeply worried over the alarming drop in water level at Bhakra reservoir, raising fears on the impact on the next Rabi crop, wheat.The total water inflows to the reservoir have been at least 60% less in the past three days in comparison to the corresponding period last year.The water level was 60 feet-70 feet less between July 25 and July 28 than what it was during the same period last year.On Saturday, the water flow at Bhakra was about 28,000 cusec less than what it was exactly a year ago.Haryana, which is a member of the Bhakra Beas Management Board (BBMB), has cut down the intake of water from the reservoir by 20% over the past few days. \"Earlier, we were getting almost 10,000 cusec water per day, now it's down to 8,000 cusec,\" said a senior Haryana irrigation department official.The official said if the situation does not improve in the next few weeks, it would have serious implications on Punjab and Rajasthan that have been largely dependent on the Bhakra water system.Irrigation secretary K K Jalan said that what has added to the concern of the state government is almost 75% fall in water availability at Tajewala barrage on Yamuna during July in comparison to last year. \"Because of less availability of water from both Yamuna and Bhakra reservoir, we are able to meet only 50% of our requirement. Though 60% of our agricultural fields are covered by irrigation of ground water, the shortage in surface water supply has become a major concern,\" he said.Sources said the sowing of Kharif crops has been adversely affected in several Haryana districts like Hisar, Bhiwani, Jhajjar, Rohtak, Jind, Faridabad, Rewari and Narnaul. Sowing of paddy has been 20% less, sources in state's agriculture department said.Sources said almost 50% deficient monsoon in Himachal Pradesh has reduced water inflows to Bhakra and Pong dams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15246106", "title": "New timetable for local trains from today", "text": "PUNE: The railways have made further revisions in the time table of the suburban local trains. The new time table will come into effect from Sunday.Early this week, the railways had announced changes in the time table which were to come into effect from Saturday.As per the revised time table, two trains will leave from Shivajinagar and to Lonavla. Of the two trains, one will leave at 10.50am from Shivajinagar and reach Lonavla at 12.25pm. The second train will leave at 7.35pm and reach Lonavla at 9.05pm. The railways has introduced two local trains between Pune and Talegaon. Of the two trains, one will leave at 5.20pm and reach Talegaon at 6.10pm. Another train will leave Pune at 11pm and reach Talegaon at 11.50pm.From Lonavla, the railways will run one train up to Shivajinagar. This train will leave Lonavla at 6.20pm and reach Shivajinagar at 7.30pm. From Talegaon, there will be one train running up till Shivajinagar. This will leave Talegaon at 9.57am and reach Shivajinagar at 10.40am.The railways has introduced two additional trains between Talegaon and Pune. One will leave Talegaon at 12.05am and reach Pune at 1.10am. The second train will leave Talegaon at 6.20pm and reach Pune at 7.28pm.The new schedule is to be implemented on a trial basis for a period of three months. There is no change in the schedule of other local trains, railway officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "15243775", "title": "Students seek to allow copying, lock college", "text": "AKOLA: In an unusual development, students locked the junior college run by Akola Zilla Parishad at village Adgaon BK on July 25, demanding that they be allowed to copy during examination as they were not taught properly due to shortage of teachers.The zilla parishad runs a school and college at the village. But no teachers are available to teach science, mathematics and arts subjects. Thus, the result of standard X was only 21% in the last SSC examination. Besides, no teacher is available to teach economics and sociology to the students of standard XI and XII.Following this, the students submitted a memorandum of demands to Gopal Kolhe, chairman of Telhara Panchayat Samiti, but without success.The students also submitted a memorandum to the education officer saying they be allowed to copy as nobody takes care to provide them teachers. The education officer was not available for comment. The students of standard XI and XII have warned of intensifying the agitation if the demand is not fulfilled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15244788", "title": "\u2018Keep tobacco sponsors away from sports\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: Makers of tobacco products should not be allowed to sponsor sports events, said Dr V Shanta, executive chairman of Cancer Institute, Chennai. \"Tobacco is the major culprit behind lung and oral cancer. Anti-tobacco rules are extremely inefficient in India. The implementation should start at school level. There should be a ban on sports promotion of tobacco,\" she said, urging authorities to make cancer a notifiable disease.Elaborating on implementation at the school level, she said non-smokers as teachers can be the role models for the next generation. Prevention and early detection together with awareness creation by media can deliver results, she said, delivering the first in a series of lectures by eminent personalities at the Press Institute of India, Chennai.\"A decade back cancer was visible; now the disease has changed its form and has become molecular. We need a multi-disciplinary approach and though India has the potential to cure two out of three cancer patients, it is still stuck with a ratio of one out of three,\" she said.Primary intervention means not consuming carcinogenic agents like tobacco, and it involves creating awareness about the disease. \"Prevention has not been a primary part of insurance schemes which focus only on tertiary measures,\" she said.About secondary intervention, she pointed out that many cancer detection centers have been opened in Tamil Nadu and the government plans to open at least one detection centre in each district. \"As a result, there has been a reduction in cancer risk from 40% to less than 20%.\"Shanta said lung cancer constituted the largest number of cancer cases among men, while in women it was breast cancer, followed by cervical cancer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15245613", "title": "Textile merchants meet CM over VAT imposition", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Assam Textile Merchants' Association has met chief minister Tarun Gogoi over the five per cent value added tax (VAT) levied on textiles in the state.The association had a meeting with Gogoi recently, where the members of the association apprised the CM of the affect of imposition of VAT on the textile industry. The price of textile products has gone up in the state after imposition of VAT.\"The retail buyers will be worst affected. Chief minister Tarun Gogoi stated that he was aware of five per cent VAT being imposed on the textile industry. Gogoi assured us of looking into the matter in no time,\" said Nirmal Samsukha, the convener of the association.The members of the association also had a meeting with HS Das, principal secretary to the government of Assam, and appraised him of the situation. \"The members of our association requested the chief minister to withdraw five per cent VAT imposed recently in view of the coming festive season. The common man will be worst sufferers if the VAT imposed on the textile industry is not withdrawn soon,\" added Samsukha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "badhewal road", "code": "15245780", "title": "Zahida Iftaar is in ammia s kitchen", "text": "BADHEWAL ROAD: Every Friday during the month of Ramzan, Muhammad Zahid, a resident of Badhewal, heads to his native town Malerkotla to break his fast with the food cooked by his mother Nafees Khatun. The 36-year-old advocate stays home on other days for Iftaar and breaks the fast with wife Nazma Chandel and their two children.It is worth going there all the way for the food cooked by ammi, says Zahid, who moved to the city four-and-a-half years ago for work.Iftaar is special for me in many ways and I make it a point to visit my mother on Fridays. She prepares my favourite dishes and waits anxiously for me, he says.At home, Zahid family, including his children six-year-old Rayyan and two-year-old Zoya breaks the fast with dates, fruits and shikanji (sweet lime water). After Iftaar, we offer the Maghrib namaaz (evening prayers) and later have dinner at around 9pm. Except on Sundays, when there is chicken biryani for dinner, the menu includes channa dal, green vegetables and chappatis, adds Zahid.His father Muhammad Bashir awaits Zahid's visit every Friday back home. Breaking the fast is done with dates, fruits and shikanji there too, but for dinner, my mother treats me to a royal dinner including chicken korma, mutton korma, kofta and chicken biryani, says Zahid, adding, She even fries hot pakodas of potato, onions and bread for me.His wife Nazma, a MPhil in botany, says she tries her best to serve delicious food to her family during Ramzan as the food a Muslim is fed during Ramzan involves a lot of importance. Our children are too young to fast during Ramzan but they attend the Iftaar with us following the tradition of this spiritual month. We serve sweet lime water as the weather is quite hot these days, she adds. The family offers frequent prayers during this holy month to seeks blessings for prosperity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15245644", "title": "Railways Rs 500cr plan for green toilets on passenger trains", "text": "PATNA: Railways has taken up a Rs 500-crore plan to equip its passenger coaches with environment-friendly toilet system. The project cost is being shared by the rural development ministry to improve hygiene in toilets on trains.The railways had earlier signed an MoU with the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) to develop such a toilet system.According to a Railway Board official, railways has given directives to its coach manufacturing factories at Kapurthala in Punjab and Perambur in Tamil Nadu to manufacture new coaches fitted with green toilet system. Railways has taken a decision to convert old toilets into green toilet system in about 50,000 coaches across the country, he said. A board official said the railway coach manufacturing factories have so far built such green toilets in about 436 new coaches to cater to the needs of passengers. Railway coach factories have been manufacturing about 4,000 new coaches per year.Railways intends to introduce such toilets in all long-distance passenger trains on a priority basis, he said.Sources said the DRDO has designed the new green toilet system in consultation with railways and rural development ministry with the main objective of developing this system to maintain zero discharge toilet system (ZDTS) on running trains. The new toilets are aimed at providing homely comforts to passengers during long journey, sources said.A board official admitted that a green toilet-fitted train was put on trial recently on a particular route under Northern Railway which evoked good response among passengers.Meanwhile, railways has also decided to introduce a new system on select long-distance trains. Under the new experiment, railways is likely to provide phenyl-like substance to passengers to ensure hygiene in toilets on running trains.This experiment will start with all Duronto trains, sources said, adding railways will introduce this system depending on passengers' response. Confirming it, a board official said that the new system is being tested in South Eastern Railway first.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15253962", "title": "Role of private detectives in Mumbai schools gets importance", "text": "MUMBAI: Before appointing V Karmarkar (name changed) as a PT teacher, the principal and trustees of a reputed school in Juhu did not even bother to ask him his experience in detail at the interview. In fact they shouldered the responsibility to verify his CV, personal background, and political and social links on a private security agency. A couple of months after when the agency's team of select personnel completed verification of his degree certificates and gathered personal details, he was given an appointment letter. Similar was the process before appointing the bus staff recently.At the annual event of the city's traditionally most popular school in South Mumbai which coincided with the new year celebrations, it's trustees and principal Netra D'souza (name changed) were the most relaxed lot. During the Garba celebrations last year too they did not even bother to appoint a managing committee to monitor children, the staff and the visitors. Security personnel alerted parents of students, those who went home late in the night, about their Hukkah joints little away from the school. Nevertheless, a large number of parents themselves deployed private detectives to shadow their children on Valentines day last month. The requests were in such a large number, said officials of agencies, that they refused to attend calls due to lack of personnel.City's private security and detective agencies bring a ray of hope not only for select rich families who can afford them, but for many schools and colleges in the city thus enlivening a hope of good future for their children. The number of schools in the city, which are regularly deploying security personnel belonging to private agencies, to keep watch on children and staff members including teachers even beyond the premises of the institution, is growing at a fast pace, reveal heads of security agencies in the city.Deepak Monga, chief of AGILE security agency in the city, said the requests to spy on children and verify the credentials of staff are increasing so much that recruiting more and more personnel for such jobs was becoming an arduous task for his agency.He said in many schools agency detectives have to verify the background of staff members, especially prior to their appointment, and even keep track of behaviour and conduct of staff members like drivers and conductors of buses and the children regularly travelling on them. Monga said the requests from parents and schools to shadow their children on Valentine's Day and a day before it were huge and beyond the capacity of the agencies which are struggling to get good personnel for the job.\"After leaving the school or while collecting students, we have to monitor buses during travel. CCTV footages of children and their baggage while coming and leaving the school help a lot. Parents are also interested in knowing from agencies as to what kind of company their children enjoy in and out of the school and their overall behavior,\" said Brigadier Balla of TRIG security.Balla said college events or festivities there are regular requests from schools and even parents to keep tight vigil on them as complaints of late-coming and late-going increase substantially. \"Parents want know where their children go regularly to return home late, and whether there is any anti-social element like drug-peddlers operating around the school,\" he added.Private detectives are doing what teachers can't do1. Verifying the background and behavior of the staff members, mostly prior to their appointment in school. Verifying their education, degree certificates, police records and political or social links.2. Keeping watch on students during Garba in Navratri, year-end programmes comprising Christmas, annual school functions or sports events, and the Valentine's day.3. Closely monitoring of outside staff which regularly visit school like bus drivers, maids, courier staff, and conductors.4. Teaching school students a good touch and bad touch and extending them training in self defense and knowing suspicious characters.5. Keeping tight vigil on elements outside but around the school premises which can influence children like drug-peddlers and political groups.6. Large number of parents deploying them to know - Which type of friends do their children have? Where do they go often and what do they do? Why they come home so late?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15246671", "title": "BJP women wing sore about rising crime graph", "text": "RANCHI: The women's wing of the state BJP has decided to approach chief minister Arjun Munda seeking his intervention to check crime against women.The party's women wing discussed various issues including national executive meet slated to be held in Goa from September 8. President of the wing Maya Singh said crime against women had increased throughout the country and the national unit had decided to press for a central legislation to protect them against violence.To take up these issues with the chief minister, the wing decided to form a committee on Monday. Ahead of the national executive, the wing also decided to convene state executive committee meet by mid-August. \"We have to provide the national executive figures related to status of women in our state and for that members will be assigned specific responsibilities,\" Singh said.Stating that the situation of crime against women in Jharkhand is also dismal, Singh said the government should take steps to deal with the complaints with an iron hand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15246034", "title": "E-meters installed in 3,885 autos in three months: Pune Regional Transport Office", "text": "PUNE: The number of autorickshaws which have installed the electronic meters have reached to 3,885 within the first three months of the state directive to switch to electronic meters from the existing ones. According to the Pune Regional Transport Office, every month, around 1,300 autorickshaws, which have installed the electronic meters visited the RTO for the annual fitness test.RTO officials said after initial opposition, the last three months have registered a steady growth in number of autorickshaws opting for electronic meters. Till July 24, 2,789 old autorickshaws and 1,342 new autorickshaws appeared for the fitness test at the Alandi Road office.There are about 45,000 autorickshaws in the city. It is expected that all old autorickshaws will get electronic meters fitted in a span of one year, after the plan was initiated in May 2012. RTO officials, however, said there is still long way to go to achieve 100% target. Not even 10% autorickshaws have switched to electronic meters.Vishwas Sahastrabuddhe of the Sajag Nagrik Manch said though rickshaw drivers are opting for electronic meters, there is still a sense of resistance among them. \"As per the statistics revealed by the RTO under the Right to Information (RTI) Act application, about 25% less number of autorickshaws approached the RTO during May and June in 2012, compared to same period in 2011. This indicates that some automen still oppose the directive to install electronic meters. The RTO need to take serious notice of this,\" said Sahastrabuddhe.He said it is the responsibility of the RTO to make sure the effective implementation of the state orders. Also, autorickshaw unions should ask automen to fit electronic meters. He said electronic meter restricts chances of tampering the meter readings.The meter is beneficial for passengers in calculation of exact fare.Meanwhile, autorickshaw unions have demanded for more service centers for electronic meters. The unions have cited a number of technical problems in running the electronic meters. According to Pradeep Bhalerao of the Pune City Auto Federation automen complained about malfunctioning of the meter as it failed to show proper reading of the first flap. \"Some automen have complained that the meters became non-functional in night-mode option,\" Bhalerao said, and added that such complaints would increase in near future as more and more autorickshaws opt for electronic meters.E-meters compulsory in Solapur, Baramati, AklujAfter making electronic meters compulsory in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad, the state government has asked the autorickshaws in Solapur, Baramati and Akluj to switch to electronic meters from July 1. According to RTO, as many as 281 autorickshaws in Pimpri-Chinchwad and about three in Solapur have fitted electronic meters so far. The RTO is planning to hold camps at these cities to create awareness among the automen about electronic meters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15250145", "title": "Mild earthquake in Assam, no reports of any damage", "text": "GUWAHATI: An earthquake of mild intensity was experienced on Sunday in Assam and parts of the north-east.The quake measured 4.7 on the Richter Scale, sources at the Meterological Centre here said.The epicentre was yet to be ascertained. There was no report of any damage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15246645", "title": "Superman, Pokemon lord over rakhis", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With Raksha Bhandhan just a few days away, the threads that bind and celebrate sibling revelry have already started to weave magic on city residents. Legendary cartoon characters continue to dominate rakhi stalls this year too, with the market all set to greet the unique demands of kids and elders, alike, in city.This year, cartoon rakhis priced between Rs 30 to Rs 100 are attracting most sisters attention to make the day special for their brothers. While simple threads can speak a thousand words, when it comes to expressing love in style, there are many sisters who do not mind splurging on trendy designs.And rakhi designers too seem to be targeting the younger lot and thus coming up with cartoon characters on their rakhis. From Angry Birds to Barbie dolls, Shaktiman, Spiderman, Mickey Mouse and Pokemon, the superheroes have always been the top choice of young kids and designers.We have as many as 2,000 varieties of rakhis and the range starts from Rs 5 and goes up to Rs 500. Every year we get different designs because when it comes to selecting a rakhi, girls are very choosy and demand the best and unique designs for their brothers, said Nitin Ahuja, a shopkeeper at Sector 8. We kept a track on famous cartoons characters every season. Angry Birds, Ben-10, Superman , Spiderman are most popular this year, added Ajit Kumar , a shopkeeper at Sector 19.Harpreet Nanda, a resident Sector 22, said, \"To pamper my little brother I will select a rakhi from the cartoon character range, including Tweety, Mickey Mouse, and Chhota Bheem. If I choose one of these there are chances that my brother will keep the rakhi on for long.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "15246741", "title": "Students showcase talent in art, science", "text": "PANCHKULA: Students of class VI to X held exhibitions to project their talent in science, art &amp; craft and social science fields in Blue Bird school, Panchkula on Saturday. Working as well as non-working models were displayed in different rooms and students explained their functioning to the chief guest and parents.The guest of honour was Anita Anand, the district elementary education officer, Panchkula, who lauded the efforts of the students. Art and crafts brought to the fore the creativity of students. Social science models were the centre of attraction.On this occasion, a special tree plantation drive was also carried out to commemorate the memory of Late Mrs Soodan, the founder member of school faculty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15252779", "title": "VP poll: Jaswant Singh confident of AIADMK, BJD support", "text": "NEW DELHI: NDA's vice-presidential nominee Jaswant Singh has expressed confidence that AIADMK supremo J Jayalalitha and BJD chief Naveen Patnaik will extend their support to his candidature.\"I do believe in that. And I bank on that...I am assured (of their support)...Yes, I am (confident),\" Singh told Karan Thapar on the Devil's Advocate programme on CNN-IBN.He was replying to a question if AIADMK and BJD, which had backed the candidature of P A Sangma in the presidential poll, will extend their support to him in the vice-presidential poll.Asked about their continued silence on the issue, Singh said, \"I have no difficulty with (their) silence.\"When asked if it would be embarrassing if no one other than NDA parties backed his candidature, the BJP leader said, \"Why don't you wait until the 7th of August...don't jump to conclusions.\"On if he was apprehensive following charges of Sangma about use of allurements and threats by UPA during the Presidential poll, he said, \"I am not. I don't lend myself to such apprehensions. I am adult enough to know the reality of India's political life.\"But it is much better for me not to totter my thinking with that kind of detail,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15245004", "title": "Braille classes in South Goa", "text": "MARGAO: South Goa district collector N D Agarwal announced plans of the district administration to coordinate Braille literacy classes to be held in each taluka across South Goa with the Goa chapter of the National Association for the Blind (NAB).When asked if this was a government-funded project, Agarwal replied in the negative and reiterated that they were only going to coordinate the programme with the network of mamlatadars in each taluka and while NAB were more than equipped to take care of the teaching requirements, they would seek the support of NGOs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15242214", "title": "Train victim kin struggle for funds", "text": "MUMBAI: Over a month after she lost both her legs in a train mishap, the family of hotel management student Puja Patil (20) is struggling to raise funds for her treatment and prosthetic feet.Puja has undergone one operation at Sion Hospital and needs a few more.On June 23, while trying to board a Western Railway local, Puja fell into the gap between the train and the platform at Dadar station. She lost one of her legs on the spot, while doctors had to amputate the other later.\"Puja is at Sion Hospital and doctors are doing their best, but the family wants to shift her to a private hospital for the other surgeries. She comes from a modest financial background and commuting between Thane, where the family stays, and Sion is taking a toll on her elderly parents. We have approached some private hospitals, but are yet to get a positive response,\" said a family friend.The family is also worried about her post-operative care as it could take Puja up to a year to get completely mobile. \"She will require extensive physiotherapy to be able to use the prosthetic limbs. A Jaipur foot cannot be used in this case as both her legs were amputated above the knees. Prosthetics of German make cost several lakhs,\" a relative said.Prosthetics expert Dr Mukesh Doshi said, \"There's a rehabilitation centre in Kutch, which offers treatment to disaster victims free of cost. I had a patient who had lost both his hands and legs, but he finished his education using prosthesis. Puja must not lose hope.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15254251", "title": "Crime branch to confront Abu Jundal with Ajmal Kasab", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai crime branch is likely to confront the deported 26/11 conspirator Sayed Zabiuddin alias Abu Jundal with the alone arrested Pakistani terrorist Ajmal Kasab in the next week. Sources said that they are preparing to seek permission from the special court so that they bring either Kasab to the police headquarters where Jundal is kept or take Jundal to special high security cell at Arthur jail where Kasab is lodged. Police say that the confronts is important there is some contradiction in the two versions regarding the six unknown handlers and the Pakistan's ISI officials involvement in the 26/11 Mumbai terror attack.Police said Ansari who got the nick name `Abu Jundal' after he completed the physical and spiritual training in Pakistan is a key accused in the 26/11 terror attack in which 166 persons were killed and more than 260 were injured in Mumbai. While Kasab had told police that Jundal had given him arms and ammuition training, Jundal said that he did not part the training but only gave Hindi and Marathi lessons to Kasab and nine others.Kasab had named Jundal was among the 13 Pakistani handlers who had come to see them off to Al Hussain the Pakistani ship in which they sail from Karachi and later captured Indian fishing Trawler M V Kuber. Jundal during interrogations said he did not come to see off. Kasab during the interrogations had named the 13 Pakistanis who came to send them off in Karachi to sail for Mumbai on November 23, 2008. Abu Jundal, Abu Kahafa, Abu Humza and Zaki Ur Rahman Lakhvi were top among them.``Jundal is an important conspirators as he was present in the control room along with five other Pakistani Lashkar-e-Taiba operatives who were dictating terms to the ten terrorist including Ajmal Kasab send to Mumbai in 2008. Many of them we only know by their nick names, Jundal being in a very core group he may be knowing the others well.'' Said an official on condition of anonymity. One of the accused arrested in German bakery blast was asked to recognize the voice of the handlers of 26/11. He identified one of the voices was of Zabiuddin Ansari who posed as Abu Jundal. Crime branch will take expert's help to match the voices. ``The pure Hindi words like prashasan and yuvak have been used by handlers suggesting the involvement of some Indian.'' added officer.Once the crime branch finishes his custody the Maharashtra Anti Terrorism Squad (ATS) will seek Jundal's custody in two offences of Aurangabad arms haul case and German bakery blast of Pune.Jindal who hails from Gevrai Taluka in Beed district was a student of Indian Technical Institute in Beed, had a sudden rise in the ranks of Lashker-e-Taiba after he was indoctrinate by banned SIMI post Gujarat riots in 2002.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15245089", "title": "Portuguese-time drain threatens to wash out ancestral home", "text": "MARGAO: A drain built during the Portuguese era, and passing under a few houses along Margao's Abade Faria road, is threatening to bring down one ancestral house attached to the commercial city's well-known Ram Mandir.The seven members of the Lotlikar family who reside in this house have spent several monsoons draining out their flooded kitchen and bedrooms, as cracks in the drain wall have left their house's foundation flooded.\"This is our ancestral house,\" says Kaushalya, daughter of the head of the family, Subhash Lotlikar. \"We celebrate Ganesh Chaturthi here and many other religious practices are attached to this house. The walls of the drain are collapsing, and unless the drain is repaired we cannot even renovate our house. We would have nowhere to go if the house collapses on a stormy night,\" she laments.Subhash says the family has been running from pillar to post for years to save their home. While officials of the Margao municipal council, water resources department and public works department have visited the house to take stock of the issue, \"they have repeatedly refused to undertake repairs citing lack of funds or fears that the structure may collapse during repairs\". From P 1\"We have even met Digambar Kamat who is our MLA and was the chief minister until a few months ago, but all efforts have failed,\" sighs Subhash. He says the family cannot repair the drain without official help as the work requires technical expertise.Kaushalya says officials from the municipality inspected the house a few times in the past and in 2003 had covered the drain with cement as a stop-gap arrangement. The drain which goes through their kitchen and diagonally across a bedroom is now overflowing and the cement work has come loose. Frequent transfers of officials have only added to the family's plight.\"The kitchen floor is sinking. The floor is so weak that it shakes every time someone walks on it. It is a public drain running under our house and our only fault is that we are unfortunate that it happens to be our house the drain runs under,\" Kaushalya says.When STOI contacted MMC chairperson Arthur D'Silva, who had advised the family to speak to the district collector, he claimed ignorance of the matter, saying he meets 10-15 people everyday and cannot remember all cases. \"This is a matter concerning the chief officer,\" D'Silva said, refusing to comment on the matter.Chief officer Srinet Kotwale, who recently assumed office at MMC, said, \"This is a very serious issue and rest assured I will see to it that some solution is found.\"District collector N D Agarwal told STOI, \"The family can come and meet me. I will speak to the family and study the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15245115", "title": "Ramky Enviro Limited to use GPS to monitor garbage clearance operations", "text": "CHENNAI: Under fire for its poor performance, private firm Ramky Enviro Limited is seeking the help of technology to help clear garbage quickly and efficiently. Drivers of conservancy vehicles will click pictures of the bins cleared and upload them on a monitoring system. The bins can be located through a Global Positioning System ( GPS).Ramky manages the Kodambakkam, Teynampet and Adyar zones. S D Venkatesh, head of operations, Ramky Enviro, said: \"We hope to introduce this technology from the first week of October and have been conducting trial runs in all three zones.\" \"Normal conservancy works would not be affected because we will be able to closely monitor nearly 4,000 garbage bins from the control room. Corporation officials also will be able to track the movements of our vehicles,\" he added.The corporation had taken over two wards in Teynampet zone and also Ramky to submit a revised micro plan. But, Venkatesh said, \"we are not ready to change the micro plan. We have adopted new strategies and have added advanced vehicles to our fleet.\"Venkatesh said it would soon be possible to know the distance a vehicle had travelled and the time taken. \"A detailed report will be generated. We will be able to monitor the complaints of residents about the piling up of garbage.\" Officials said 'track me' (to track conservancy vehicles) and 'cap me' (to capture photos of bins with latitude and longitude positions) software would be used. About 60 mobile phones had been distributed to compactor workers for taking pictures.Ramky officials said that on the monitor, a garbage bin would be marked in red if it was \"unserved\" in the last 24 hours marked in green if it was \"served\"' in the last 24 hours. A similar project introduced by the corporation two years ago in its limits failed due to various reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15244049", "title": "Mughal icons decaying in city", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Shah Jahan's palace is not the worst hit Mughal monument in the city. For some strange reasons, two tombs belonging to the Mughal era, that of Akbar's general Mirza Ghiyasuddin Ali Asaf Khan, just outside the ASI protected monument of Sarkhej Roza and the tomb of Marjan Juzar Khan, the Siddi warrior too suffer the same fate. Sadly, today Ghiyasuddin's tomb is lost forever while Juzar Khan's tomb is in shambles. Mirza Ghiyasuddin Ali Asaf Khan was a general in Akbar's army which conquered Ahmedabad.Another Mughal monument that has met its doom despite being an ASI-protected monument is the Sardar Khan Roza built in 1685 AD. The dome is all that is visible of the monument. The roza is literally extinct, with dwellers oblivious to the historical value of the site and the name of the Nawab Sardar Khan Roza. The once majestic dome of the roza is a mere roof for the many shanties around. The roof has three Persian style onion domes surmounted by crescents.As for the interiors of the roza today, apart from the the compound wall, a wrecked entrance and a decayed door is all that remains of the structure. The Sardar Khan mosque encroachment was first reported by former collector of Ahmedabad A W Crawley in 1884, when he reported silk weaver families encroaching on the surroundings of the mosque. James Forbes in his Oriental Memoirs explains that the pierced stone canopy of the Mughal structure was of execptional beauty. Similar is the case with the Sujaat Khan Khan mosque, another monument built during the Mughal period aorund 1696 was discribed as the \"Ivory Mosque\" by Forbes. Today the caretakers of the mosque near Relief Road have made extensions and built structures within the mosque.Another monument built during the Mughal rule that needs attention is the Azam Khan Sarai in Bhadra. Azam Khan, known by the name Mir Muhammad Baquir, was one of the most efficient governors to rule Gujarat for the Mughals. He built palaces and citadels even in the most diffuclt times, which earned him the nickname. His palace in Ahmedabad, built in 1637 AD, stands near the Bhadra fort and looks in the direction of the three gates. The 5.49-meter high entrance of the palace leads to an octagonal hall, which had in the upper storey a low balcony in stone. The palace was used as a hospital and a prison during the British period. Today this too suffers neglect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15246177", "title": "Car lifters kill NTPC engineer near Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: Suspected car thieves thrashed an electrical engineer with the National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) and left him to die near Darbaripur village, around 7km from the main city, fleeing with his car, mobile phone and money on Friday night.The victim, Saji P A, was working at NTPC's Badarpur plant and was living in Darbaripur village, where his wife, an Italian, runs a charitable trust.An auto driver found the bleeding Saji and took him to hospital, where he died within a few hours of treatment. The postmortem said the 41-year-old, who belonged to Kannur in Kerala, died of head injuries caused by a sharp object.The Kherki Daula police has lodged an FIR against unknown assailants on charges of robbery and murder and are investigating the case.Police said Saji met two friends, one of them identified as Ramanand from Tamil Nadu, at Hotel Doves Inn on Mehrauli Road in the evening. He left the hotel around 7.10pm in his Maruti Ritz.Around 7.45pm, as Saji neared Darbaripur, the attackers stopped his car, beat him up and fled in his car, snatching his mobile phone and the money he had on him. It was some time before Pritam, an auto driver known to the engineer, chanced upon him on the roadside.\"Saji told me to rush him to Columbia Asia Hospital, but I took him to Artemis Hospital as it was nearer. He died during treatment. All he managed to tell me was that some people hit him and fled in his car,\" said Pritam. \"The postmortem report proves that the victim died due to head injuries caused by a sharp object,\" said Narendra Sangwan, SHO, Kherki Dhaula police station.Saji is survived by his wife, Sandra, who has been running an orphanage under the Shelter Progetto Charitable Trust in Darbaripur village for the past five to six years. The couple was childless and lived in the trust building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "15254029", "title": "Gold chain stolen from mall in Aurangabad", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Cidco MIDC police here are looking out for three unidentified women who have stolen a gold chain weighing 13 grams from a jewellery shop located in a mall in Chikalthana area recently.Police said that three women sporting veils visited the shop at 6 pm on Sunday and asked the sales girl to show them some necklaces and chains. The sales girl accordingly placed some jewellery before them. The women however asked her to show more pieces of jewellery as they said that whatever they were shown was not good enough.While seeing the jewellery, the women made the sales girl busy in talking. One of the women quietly slipped a gold chain weighing 13 grams in her purse. Subsequently, the women suddenly left the counter and the shop, saying that they did not find suitable jewellery at the shop.The theft was noticed only when the shop management counted the valuables prior to closing the shop. Initially they searched for the chain at the shop itself and later referred to the CCTV footage, to find that one of the three women in veils, stealing the chain and then the trio leaving the shop.The shop manager Ghanshyam Singh lodged a complaint against the three unidentified women, who left the shop within 15 minutes of their visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15246010", "title": "US to help in restoration of Balaji ghat in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: The United States of America will fund for the documentation of Balaji ghat, a historic landmark constructed in 18th century along the Ganga in Varanasi.\"I am especially pleased to note that, given the cultural and historical significance of Varanasi, the US state department, under US ambassadors' fund for cultural preservation programme, has approved a grant of over Rs 30 lakh ($56,000) to the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH) for the documentation of the 18th century Balaji ghat on the Ganges riverfront in Varanasi,\" Nancy J Powell, US ambassador to India, said. The US diplomat also went on boat ride in the whole stretch of Ganga to watch and capture the glimpses of majestic ghats of Varanasi.The US ambassadors' fund for cultural preservation provides financial support for to preserve cultural heritage across the world. The fund supports a wide range of projects such as restoration of historic buildings, assessment and conservation of museum collections, archaeological sites, documentation of vanishing traditional craft techniques, improved storage conditions for archives and manuscripts and documentation of indigenous languages. The local unit of INTACH is not aware of the US funding for the documentation of Balaji ghat. \"We have no details about the project. The Delhi unit may have sent some proposal in this regard,\" president of Varanasi chapter of INTACH Kalyan Krishna said.INTACH is the country's largest non-profit organization dedicated to conservation and preservation of India's natural, cultural, living, tangible and intangible heritage. It has been working on number of cultural heritage sites all over India, including Varanasi.Balaji ghat has also found a place in the world monument watch list-2012 of the World Monuments Fund (WMF). According to a report of INTACH, the organisation nominated Balaji ghat, Varanasi on world monuments watch list-2012. The report says that it was constructed to serve pilgrims worshiping at the holy river. The collapse of the main building of Balaji ghat, few years back from the decay of wood, inadequate conservation and heritage protection was a big setback to the historic riverfront of Varanasi.Considering its significance and condition, the building has now been declared 100 most endangered heritage sites of the world by World Monuments Fund, a New York-based organization.Inclusion in the watch list will support a plan to restore the building for use as a cultural centre and help to continue an ancient tradition of pilgrimage and enlightenment. The Balaji ghat complex was originally a seven-storey building and follows a traditional architectural form with, a temple of Shri Balaji, garden, well, assembly hall, living areas and courtyards.These are well-connected with stone staircases, forming a remarkable architecture ensemble. It was built in the combination of stone and wood. Use of wood and elements of decorations such as exquisitely carved wooden column, brackets, doorways and other decorative elements predominantly mark the style of Maratha and Peshwa architecture.According to the WMF report, with assistance from American Express, WMF is supporting the restoration of the top three floors of the building as part of its adaptive reuse as a cultural center. The interior spaces will be refurbished and a program will be implemented to increase public awareness of Balaji ghat and establish its reuse as a cultural centre.Some parts of 'Naubatkhana' of centuries-old Balaji temple, where late shehnai maestro Ustad Bismillah Khan used to sit for riyaz (practice), had collapsed in September and November 2009. Earlier, a major part of the temple had also collapsed in 1998 killing 10 women, who were sitting on the ghat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15244917", "title": "Man arrested under Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes Act", "text": "MAPUSA: The police arrested Subhash Jetha, a resident of Junta quarters in Mapusa, under the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act on Saturday.Ashok Bawkar, a government servant and resident of Punola, Uccasaim, registered a complaint that Jetha wrongfully restrained him by stopping his scooter in front of the Dnyanprasarak High School in Mapusa on Friday at about 7.45am.Bawkar complained that the accused abused him with foul language and intentionally insulted him in public by calling him a \"scheduled caste mahar\". The complainant said that it was an insult with an intent to humiliate him for being a member of the mahar community.The police has registered the offence under Section 341, Section 504, Section 506 of the IPC and Section 3 (X) of the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act. The act states that no one has the right to call anybody, particularly a member of a scheduled caste, an untouchable or anything amounting to that. SDPO Mapusa Bossuet Silva is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15243855", "title": "Management Council member expresses concern over NU's functioning", "text": "NAGPUR: In view of repeated blunders committed by Nagpur University administration, which resulted in a series of paper leaks and revaluation/re-totalling scam in the last few months, a Management Council (MC) member Dinesh Agrawal has expressed serious concern over the functioning of the once-prestigious university. He has written a letter to vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal pointing out various instances when the latter had violated rules and norms governing the university.He pointed out six different instances when Sapkal had allegedly abused the power vested in him and flouted provisions of the Maharashtra Universities (MU), Act 1994. University PRO refused to comment on it as he was busy with a series of meetings.Referring to the recently exposed enrolment numbers scam, Agrawal, a former engineering dean, stated that the VC had breached rules (Ordinance 1 and 2) at every stage. From allowing the Board of Examination (BoE) for permitting engineering students go up to the fourth semester without enrolment numbers, to allowing thousands of students to appear in NU exams without this important number and releasing their results, the VC violated rules at every stage, Agrawal said.On the issue of revaluation/re-totalling scam, first exposed by TOI on July 8, Agrawal alleged that by referring the matter to the NU's disciplinary action committee (DAC), and not taking any action in his own capacity, the VC had blatantly ignored his duty as the university's 'principal and academic officer' under Section 14 (1) of the MU Act.As per the same act, Agrawal said that VC was duty bound to periodically present a work report before the council, but failed to comply even once. \"As chairman of Management Council, he misused his powers by deciding to withhold the circular prescribing exam fee. As per the MU Act, the MC cannot take any such decision unless there is a proposal from the Academic Council,\" Agrawal said.The BoE under Sapkal decided to withdraw FIR in the BCCA paper leak case, which is another instance of ignoring norms, Agrawal claimed.In his letter, Agrawal also pointed out the highly criticized purchase of Skoda car by VC. \"In the process, the VC had clearly catered to his private interests at the expense of the authority vested in him by the MU Act,\" he alleged.(With inputs from Devika Girish)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15245722", "title": "Whistleblower committee gives e-gov mantra", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: An effective e-governance strategy will easily curb the corruption in state government services, observed the whistleblower protection committee appointed by the state government to suggest solutions to rein in corruption.The committee, led by former chief secretary K Mohan Kumar, also laid out an action plan for streamlining the e-governance initiative in Kerala. The plan, if implemented, will make the state administration modern and acceptable to the new generation.\"There is a need to optimize Kerala government's web presence through several measures such as undertaking a search engine optimization exercise, organizing linkages between government websites and implementing a system of common registration,\" observed the committee. Common registration will allow public to use various websites under the government using a single password.The need to completing the ongoing e-governance projects was also raised by the committee. \"As these projects are having a high impact on corruption, the time frame for completion of the projects should be announced publicly so that people's expectation will force project completion,\" the committee noted.The committee also found fault with the layout of several government websites and recommended that professionals be roped in to improve them.\"Website audits should be undertaken with professional to find out the best possible way to reach out and find information. Website design should move into the next generation with interactive social media linkages, blogs and space for citizens to give feedback,\" the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15246969", "title": "The vanishing playgrounds", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Children are paying a heavy price for the burgeoning development in the city. Even as the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) is busy drawing up plans for building neighbourhood markets and kalyan mandaps on open spaces, little thought has gone to utilize the land for playgrounds and parks.The civic body had recently invited expression of interest (EOI) from architects to design a neighbourhood market complex at Nageswartangi. It is also planning to build such markets on nearly one acre of land in each of the 60 wards in the city. Similarly, the agency is planning to build 10 kalyan mandaps in addition to the existing nine at several locations to overcome the shortage of wedding venues.What is worse is that the existing playgrounds are falling prey to these big-money projects. What used to be children's park near Bhubaneswar Club around 10 years ago, is being used a parking space for visitors to the area with no signs of amusement for children anymore. Similarly, open spaces in housing projects of Bhubaneswar Development Authority (BDA) and Orissa State Housing Board, which could be used as play areas, lie encroached in most places.Child rights activists suggest that like parking spaces and approach roads, the civic bodies should set a precondition for creating a playground in the neighbourhood while allowing a new housing project. \"BDA should bring regulation to ensure that children parks and playgrounds are available within 500 metres of new housing projects,\" said child rights activist Ranjan Mohanty. \"Bhubaneswar is one of the fortunate cities to have so much open space thanks to its initial planners. The authorities should now ensure that these spaces are also utilized for playgrounds and parks, setting an example for the rest of the country,\" he added.The situation, however, is not totally grim everywhere. A residents' group has come together to cater to children's need in their locality. The Saheed Nagar Socio-Cultural Society has initiated a move to develop a park for disabled children. It plans to have merry-go-round for the wheel-chair bound children so that they can enjoy. The park coming up on an area of around 17,000 square feet area near the ESI dispensary, plans to have all modern gadgets for amusement of the children, besides physiotherapists, support staff and an ambulance on standby for the spastics. \"Boundary work is nearing completion. Inner technical work will start after that,\" said Dr Arabinda Mohanty, president of the society.Experts said the government agencies seem to be concentrating more on creating commercial space because these are financially rewarding. \"Markets bring money. That is why the civic agencies are keen on building them and not playgrounds. This is most unfortunate,\" said said Piyush Rout, an urban management consultant. \"I feel the city authorities are forgetting children while creating amenities. A school-going child gets three to four hours of leisure. However, they don't have safe outdoor spaces to play near their houses. Either, they are forced to play on the streets or top of buildings. Most are now confined to playing games on their computers,\" Rout added.Civic authorities said the government was not casual about creating parks and playgrounds. \"We don't neglect children who are a priority while planning and executing any facility. The city has many good parks and playgrounds. BMC will definitely think on creating more for the kids subject to availability of land,\" mayor Anant Narayan Jena told TOI.Urban planners said open space was being compulsorily kept as part of all level of planning. \"At present, the zonal level plans for Bhubaneswar is being prepared. Each zone will have five to 10 per cent open space earmarked for parks, playgrounds and tot lots,\" said director town planning Prashant Kumar Patnaik. The urban development plan formulation index (UDPFI) of the Centre makes it mandatory to leave these open spaces in urban areas, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15244372", "title": "Bangalore requires autonomous status", "text": "Expecting much from a lame duck government which has barely eight months left would be akin to living in a make-believe world. Given that the CM, though a good man, owes his post to his caste and blessings of an ex-CM, we cannot expect much from the current government. Every single government in the past 15 years has willfully ignored the interests of Bangalore and destroyed 'Brand Bangalore'. They have succeeded in killing the golden goose of Karnataka. We need to save Bangalore from caste politics of Karnataka and incompetent politicians.1. Break the current monstrous and unmanageable BBMP into five independent municipal corporations with their own mayors with a five-year term. Each zone will be manageable in size, self-sufficient in resources with revenue collection from their own industrial clusters.2 Merge utility agencies like Bescom and BWWSB with these municipal corporations. This will ensure efficiency, accountability and better service quality. Bescom and BWWSB are singularly responsible for haphazard digging of Bangalore roads and messy storm water drain network. They have no planning and maintenance coordination with BBMP. There's no reason to carry on with these administrative fiefdoms. No major city in the world has such a structure.3 Establish Metropolitan Planning Committee (MPC) as mandated in the 74th Amendment to the Constitution and dismantle BDA. A mega city like Bangalore needs a centralized planning agency like National Capital Region. MPC should be the sole statutory planning agency responsible for planned development of entire BMRDA area including five proposed municipal corporations. BDA has miserably failed in its role as a planning authority.4 Establish independent Bangalore Infrastructure Development Corporation (BIDC). The city urgently needs more than Rs 50,000 crore of investment to meet the basic infrastructure needs. Neither the state government nor BBMP has resources or ability to raise funds from the market. Infrastructure development, planned and approved by MPC, should be implemented by BIDC by raising funds from the market borrowings, government grants, JNNURM funds, multilateral lending agencies &amp; municipal bonds. Repayment should be from municipal tax revenues, infrastructure user fees and state's budgetary allocations.5 None of the above will happen with current political parties interested only in milking Bangalore. While Karnataka benefits from Bangalore -- with just 15% of the population, Bangalore contributes 60% to state's GDP, it gets very little in return. Broken roads, open sewers, extended power cuts and dry water taps. Corruption and poor governance have sucked the life out of this beautiful city once the showpiece of India's growth story.This must change! Bangalore should get an autonomous administrative region status outside the clutches of state government. None of the three existing political parties have Bangalore's interest at heart. Bangalore voters must recognize this. The city needs a new political party with a development agenda to Save Bangalore.(The writer is member, ABIDEe)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15245829", "title": "Vilappil to stop building of leachate plant", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: As the corporation plans to transport the machinery for the completion of leachate treatment plant at Vilappilsala, an emergency meeting convened by the Vilappil panchayat on Saturday decided to resist any move to unload machinery at the garbage treatment plant.Vilappil panchayat president Sobhana Kumari called the meeting in the wake of reports that the panchayat would not object to the transport of machinery for the leachate treatment plant. The meeting which was attended by local leaders of all political parties unanimously decided to block the trucks carrying the machines.\"Everyone was united in their view that we should not allow corporation to unload the machinery for the leachate treatment plant. There is a common perception that the panchayat will yield to the corporation's move to complete the remaining works of leachate treatment plant. In the meeting it was affirmed that the panchayat should stand by its demand to completely shut down the factory,\" said Sobhana Kumari.She added that if the panchayat flinches at this moment, it would mean that the plant would become functional yet again. \"Once the leachate treatment plant is completed, the corporation would try to convince everyone that the factory does not pose any health hazards. We don't want to be in such a situation and hence no machinery will be allowed here,\" she added.The panchayat committee has also decided to issue a reminder notice to the corporation regarding the licence of the plant. In May, the panchayat had issued a notice on corporation according to which the corporation does not have the licence to run the plant and that panchayat holds the right to demand the shut down of any plant that functions without a valid licence.\"The reminder notice will be sent on Monday. Even if the corporation proceeds with the move to re-open the plant with the help of a police, we hope that the notice will serve as a deterrent. The corporation ought to answer the reminder notice which questions the right of the civic body to open a garbage plant for which it no-longer holds any licence,\" said a panchayat official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15244905", "title": "Techie killed as lorry rams bike on Marina, one hurt", "text": "CHENNAI: A 30-year-old software professional was killed and his friend was injured early on Saturday when a lorry hit their bike on Kamarajar Salai before ploughing into the walker's lane on the Marina beach.Witnesses, most of them early morning joggers and walkers, later told police that the lorry hit the bike in front of Lady Willingdon Institute Of Advanced Study in Education and dragged it for more than 10 metres. It damaged the huge stainless steel fencing on the platform and came to a halt on the lawn. Police said the lorry might have been travelling at nearly 80 kmph when it hit the bike around 5.30am.Police said S Hariharan of Kodambakkam, who was riding pillion, died on the spot, while Palaniappan, who was riding the bike, is being treated for injuries at the Rajiv Gandhi Government General Hospital. \"Palaniappan's condition is stable now and he is talking to everyone,\" a police officer said. The two friends often came to the Marina beach after finishing their night duty, police said.A search is on for the driver of the lorry, Lakshmanan, 30, of Anakaputhur. Lakshmanan went to a construction site near Mylapore and was proceeding to the brick supply office near Perambur when the accident occurred, police said. \"We are investigating to see if the driver was drunk at the time. It is very fortunate, as no other morning walkers were injured in the accident,\" a police officer said. The owner of the lorry, Pandurangan, is a resident of Jamalia near Perambur, police said.The Anna Square traffic investigation police registered a case and formed special teams to nab Lakshmanan. \"We hope to catch him in a day or two,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15245302", "title": "Police book case against hospital for negligence", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Rein Bazaar police booked a case of gross negligence against the management of a private hospital on Saturday following a complaint that the doctors there removed the womb of a woman without first seeking consent from her husband.According to sources Ayesha Tabassum, 28, a resident of Doodhbowli, was brought to National Hospital in the evening as she developed labour pain. She was expecting her fourth child. The doctors first said that they were expecting a normal delivery but later performed surgery on the woman who delivered a still born baby. Her husband Mohammed Azeem alleged that the delay in performing the operation resulted in the baby's death. He also alleged that the doctors did not seek his consent before removing her womb. As reports of negligence by the doctors spread a large crowd gathered in front of the hospital. The police, apprehending trouble, posted a large force there. The area was in the grip of tension all through the night. The police booked a case under Sections 304 (culpable homicide, not amounting to murder) and 336 (gross negligence) of the IPC against the hospital management.Rein Bazaar sub-inspector Shiv Shankar said that medical opinion has been sought on the case, based on which the police would take further action against the management, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "subhash nagar", "code": "15245838", "title": "Police on campus a scare students", "text": "SUBHASH NAGAR: The strike of staff of Kamla Lohtia SD College entered its eighth day on Saturday. The staff and students were surprised to witness a posse of policeman inside the college and most students turned back at the very sight of police, leaving the college deserted.The college staff is on a strike demanding revocation of suspension of professor Sunil Agrawal, sanction of their pending annual increments and a hold on the decision to close BA courses in college. President of the district unit of Punjab and Chandigarh Colleges Teachers Union Dr M S Komal appealed to college management to call representatives of teaching and non-teaching staff for talks, so that students don't suffer academic loss and submitted a memorandum in this regard.Senior vice-president Rajiv Bhasin and press secretary Anil Kumar of PCNTEU ( Private College Non Teaching Employees Union) joined the strike and urged KLSD College principal and management to comprehend the demands and come up with reasonable solutions as early as possible. The strike has adverse affects on the academic and administrative functioning of the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15244113", "title": "Sanitation poor in non-tribal areas, health dept survey says", "text": "NASHIK: According to a pre-monsoon survey of villages carried out by the district's health department, non-tribal areas have fared poorly in sanitation.Sinnar tops the chart with 27 of its villages being given a red card, indicating that the village is prone to disease outbreaks.The survey was conducted based on several parameters which included sanitation, chlorination of drinking water, sewage flowing through the village and valve leakages in the sewage system.\"Sinnar tehsil has fared badly with 27 out of 114 villages being given a red card, and 12 villages given yellow cards,\" the officials from the health department informed.Tehsils with a non-tribal population, with the exception of Peth, have topped the danger zone chart. Sinnar is the worst, followed by Niphad tehsil which saw 17 villages being called out for sanitiation-related issues. Peth had 16 villages marked red while Igatpuri had 10 villages also marked as prone to outbreaks. In Peth, 16 out of 73 villages were given a red card and 7 were given a yellow card.\"Bad maintenance of the sanitation system, leaking valves in the sewage systems, or even uncleanliness in the neighbourhood are sources for water-borne illnesses; the survey takes a tough stand on all of these issues. A red card is issued if more than two parameters of the highlighted four-asix major ones are not up to the mark,\" the health department official said.Nashik district has 1,376 villages of which 92 werea given a red card while 82 were given yellow cards. The latter indicates that the village has to exercise further pre-cautionary measures over sanitation-related issues.Trimbak with its 84 villages, Kalwan with 87 villages and Deola comprising 42 villages, were the three tehsils that were given green cards, indicating that they were within the district's sanitation standards.The survey reports have also been sent to deputy chief executive officers across district departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15246675", "title": "Bokaro cops bust thieves' gang", "text": "BOKARO: Police on Saturday busted a gang of thieves which had committed six major burglaries in Bokaro in past one month. A special task force set up to check thefts in the town arrested four members of the gang and recovered stolen cash, jewellery and other valuables worth over Rs 10 lakh from their possession.The thieves had committed two major burglaries in houses of a teacher and BSL employee earlier this week. Those arrested have been identified as Sahjad Ansari alias Bengali, Arjun Kumar, Suraj Kumar and Manoj Kumar . Ansari a resident of Telidih in Chas is a kingpin while Manoj is a jeweller who runs a shop in Sector-IX . He used to purchase the stolen jewellery from the gang. Arjun belongs to Camp-II and Suraj is a resident of Sector-IX, Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi told the media here on Saturday.Residents not only heaved a sigh of relief following the arrest of the four. The arrest also came as a big relief to the police here.Dwivedi said the gang had committed several thefts in the town earlier too.Dwivedi said the arrested miscreants are professionals having links with veteran criminals like Pappu Dom and others of neighbouring states. In the recent cases of theft they only targeted locked houses. During interrogation by police they disclosed that the gang had two more members who are involved in crime. Police is conducting raids to nab them.The police team first arrested Arjun following a tip off. Based on information provided by him, police arrested the the other three. Police also recovered stolen gold and silver jewellery, Rs 1,000 cash, a television set, cameras, cell phone and equipment like cutters which they used while committing thefts, sources said. Some stolen jewellery have also been recovered from Manoj's shop.\"Police also recovered three motorbikes which the miscreants have purchased after selling stolen items,\" Dwivedi said.He added that valuation of the recovered items is yet to be done but it would be to the tune of several lakh rupees. The arrested four, who are in their teens, confessed that earlier they used to indulge in loot but later they started targeting locked houses, Dwivedi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15251513", "title": "2.5 lakh panchayats to get broadband connectivity by Nov 2013", "text": "NEW DELHI: The UPA-II government is all set to connect 2.5 lakh gram panchayats with broadband within 16 months with a view to improving public delivery mechanism.\"In a review meeting of the project, the Planning Commission was assured by the Knowledge Commission Chairman Sam Pitroda that country's all 250,000 panchayats will have broadband connectivity in next 16 month\", a source privy to the development said.This is also part of an attempt to showcase government's achievement before the next general elections.Pitroda has also assured that 58 pilots projects underway in Rajasthan, Andhra Pradesh and Tripura to provide broadband connectivity, would be completed in next four months.The broadband connectivity for gram panchayats will help improving delivery of public services and getting real time feedback.Besides, this will help in training of panchayat and other grassroots functionaries and empowering the community through e-library.\"The larger role of the programme is to radicalising democracy through information\", stated the presentation made to the Planning Commission.The review meeting was presided over by Commission's Deputy Chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia, who also resolved to put all business of the panel on its website.The Planning Commission thinks that putting all its information and business on its portal would reduce time consuming Right to Information tool to access that.The government had approved the proposal to connect all 2,50,000 gram panchayats through optic fiber in October last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15242912", "title": "2 wine shop staffers steal Rs 15 lakh, leave on pilgrimage", "text": "MUMBAI: Two employees of a wine shop, including one who had been working there for the past 25 years, fled with Rs 15 lakh kept in the store and went on a pilgrimage.By the time the two\u2014Prakash Achapillai (52) and Chaturnand Jha (27)\u2014were nabbed from Kolkata, they had spent Rs 5 lakh on visiting holy places, donations to temples, air tickets and stay in expensive hotels. The two also splurged on clothes, cellphones and watches.In the second week of July, Manish Parsani, the owner of a Nalasopara wine shop, asked Achapillai and Jha to collect dues from creditors. They collected Rs 15 lakh and Parsani told them to deposit the money in the bank.When the two did not turn up for work the next day and Parsani found that the cash hadn't been deposited in his account, he lodged a complaint with the Nalasopara police. Investigators went through the duo's call records and tracked one of the calls to Kolkata. The accused were nabbed in Kolkata where they had gone to visit the Kalighat temple.Investigations revealed that it was Jha who had hatched the plan to flee with the cash. Jha, who had started working at the shop a few months ago, persuaded Achapillai by saying that ill-gotten money from the sale of liquor needed to be utilized in a better way, said the police.The two visited temples in Maharashtra before deciding to visit the temple in Kolkata.The police recovered Rs 10 lakh from Achapillai and Jha. They have been booked under Section 420 (cheating) of the Indian Penal Code. The Vasai sessions court remanded the two accused in police custody till July 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15242560", "title": "206 fined for drunk driving", "text": "NEW DELHI: Around 206 people were prosecuted for drunk driving on Friday night. Among them was a 26-year-old woman driver who was caught near the Qutb Minar roundabout. Earlier, a woman Supreme Court lawyer had been prosecuted for the offence in the same area, resulting in a Rs 2,800 fine and suspension of her driver's licence for two months.During the drive on Friday night, 76 people were caught in south Delhi, while 38 were issued challans in north Delhi. Around 32 people in east Delhi, 28 in west and 32 in central Delhi were also prosecuted.\"We had around 75 teams posted all over the city and 40 car owners were also prosecuted after their cars were found to be driven by people without driver's licence,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15250345", "title": "Women candlelight rally in Panaji on Sunday in solidarity with rape victim who committed suicide", "text": "PANAJI: A candlelight rally will be held on July 29 near Church square, Panaji by women's groups in solidarity with a girl who committed suicide by an alleged victim of sexual assault of a school teacher Kanhaiya Naik.The decision was taken at an urgent meeting held in Panaji by women activists and women NGOs. Prashanti Azgoankar said that the rally is being organised to show solidarity with victims of sexual assaults.The meeting was attended by Bailacho Ekvott, Mahila Patanjali, Yog Samiti, Bharat Swambhiman, Goan People's forum, Bharatiya Stree Shakti, Sangathan, among others. The participants expressed anguish over the lack of protection to victims of rape and sexual assault and demanded that special fast track courts be set up to deal with such cases, Azgaonkar said.Incidentally, the Panaji police arrested Kanhaiya, a former art teacher, allegedly for abetment to suicide of the 17-year old girl who self-immolated herself four days ago.He was arrested from his residence on Saturday soon after a complaint was lodged by the girl's father that Kanhaiya of Ribandar, after his release from jail on bail, abetted his daughter to commit suicide. On July 24, the girl set herself on fire after pouring kerosene over her body.She succumbed to her burn injuries on Friday. The incident occurred 15 days after Kanhaiya was released on bail. He was arrested in January this year after it came to light that he had allegedly molested the girl in December end. Police said that he had called the girl to his residence in Ribandar for giving career guidance or tuition.The Panaji police on Saturday said that the art teacher is booked under section 305 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15244371", "title": "Two nabbed for betting on India-Lanka ODI", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of state director general of police's vigilance squad nabbed two for betting on the ongoing India-Sri Lanka Cricket series from Ranip with Rs 1.06 lakh cash. Investigation is on to know the duo's previous record.According to vigilance squad, a team led by inspectors RL Solanki and ND Chauhan raided a residence in Rajdhani Duplex near Khodiar temple in New Ranip on the basis of a tip-off. The team found Sunil Patel, 30, owner of the house, along with Mahesh Patel, 21, a resident of Samrat Bungalows, Ranip.\"The duo was found with a laptop, ten mobile phones, a television set and Rs 1.06 lakh cash from the spot. We found records of the transactions that took place on ongoing one-day international match.The records are under scrutiny to know the punters. We have also got names of the punters from whom the duo used to get ongoing rates. Mahesh is currently studying in third year of B.Com,\" said a vigilance squad official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15254036", "title": "Gaga mourns loss of godfather", "text": "Pop superstar Lady Gaga has lost her godfather, who she remembers as a \"sweet man\".She shared the news with her fans through social networking site Twitter, but didn't give out any details of the man, contactmusic.com reports.She posted an old picture, and wrote: \"My godfather died yesterday, sweet man I love him. That's me, just a li'l baby in his arms. Buono note (good night).\"Gaga is godmother to singer Elton John's son Zachary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15247195", "title": "Skill training for 40000 youths", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has decided train 40,000 youths in different skills this fiscal to make them self-dependent. The government's move came after the Planning Commission at its recent meeting with the chief secretaries of all states impressed upon the need to scale up the skill development programmes for youths to enable them take up different self-employment ventures or find gainful employment in different sectors.The state government has communicated the decision to all 103 urban local bodies with major emphasis on the three municipal corporations, 19 bigger municipalities and Sunabeda NAC to pilot this programme.The department has selected 36 institutions to impart training who also guaranteed 70% placement after completion of the training. Even some institutes like footwear design and development institutes have guaranteed 100% placement, a government release said.Besides, the state government is teaming up with Odisha Rural Marketing Society (ORMAS) to organize melas at the district-level for counseling beneficiaries, monitoring the programme and for tracking post training placements.Secretary of housing and urban development department I Srinivas said independent third-party audit would be conducted to assess the performance of the programme and its overall impact on the livelihood of the poor people in the urban areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15244454", "title": "He misbehaved with other girls too", "text": "BANGALORE: After class VIII student Meenakumari (name changed) complained that Hindi teacher HG Basavaraj had asked her to sit on his lap, her father called her classmates' parents and learnt that Basavaraj had misbehaved with their daughters, too. \"Principal Shiva Swamy is not cooperating with us,\" he said.Meenakumari told her mother: \"First, I didn't understand what he wanted. Then he directly asked me if I would sit on his lap. I was so ashamed I lowered my head and didn't look up till the bell rang.\"Saying she wasn't feeling well, Meenakumari rushed home. \"Initially, I thought she was ill. Then she narrated the incident and said she wouldn't go to that school anymore,\" the mother told STOI.Shiva Swamy said he had warned Basavaraj last week when some students complained of harassment. \"I summoned him to my office and warned him. I didn't know he had misbehaved with the girls till the time one of the girls asked for a transfer certificate.\"Vijayanagar police booked a case under Section 354 of the IPC (assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty). DCP-West SN Sidramappa said: \"We have taken a written statement from the girl and are looking for Basavaraj.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15244867", "title": "Pernem excise seizes illegal liquor at border", "text": "MAPUSA: Pernem excise has seized liquor worth 45,000 while it was being smuggled out of Goa to Maharashtra at the Goa border on the intervening night of Friday and Saturday.At about 12.30 am the excise team encountered a Maharashtra registered truck travelling away from Goa. Excise officials suspected the truck of carrying liquor. On inspection, boxes of whisky were found. To hoodwink authorities, the boxes were placed in the middle of the truck and covered with fertilizer bags.The truck was plying towards Pune from Margao. Excise officials detained the truck driver Dilip Mahadik from Ahmednagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15243164", "title": "Why blame only wife for no child? rules high court", "text": "MUMBAI: It has become a practice in Indian society to blame only the wife when she does not conceive a child without conducting a medical examination to check if the fault lies with the husband, observed the Bombay high court while hearing a dowry death case. The court also condemned the trend of blaming in-laws and relatives in such cases.On July 20, Justice T V Nalawade of the Aurangabad bench of the high court heard an appeal filed in 2000 by a man challenging his conviction and sentencing under sections 306 (abetment to suicide) and 498 A (dowry) of the Indian Penal Code for his wife\u00b4s death. His parents, too, were convicted under Section 498 A for her death and had moved court.The man\u00b4s wife died on July 21, 1993, after consuming insecticide while working in a field. The couple was married for three years. According to the prosecution, the accused had started harassing his wife within a year by calling her infertile and black in complexion. He also heaped insults on her saying she was suffering from tuberculosis and couldn't cook, said the prosecution. The in-laws were accused of asking the woman to fetch a dowry of Rs 4,000 from her parents and threatened to get their son remarried if she did not.Justice Nalawade upheld the sessions court's verdict that there was sufficient evidence to prove the offences against the husband. But the judge said the complicity of his parents cannot be ascertained using the same standards which were used against him. The judge pointed out that under the law, the onus lies on the husband to explain things because there cannot be the demand for dowry or other articles unless he is involved.In view of the nature of our society, the husband becomes primarily responsible to take care of his wife as she is totally depending for everything on him. In our society, it has become a practice to blame only the wife when she does not conceive child nobody goes for a medical examination to see if the fault is with the husband. In view of these circumstances and the practice of our society, it becomes necessary for the husband to behave properly, Justice Nalawade said in his order.The judge said that absence of a proper explanation from the husband gives scope to the court to draw a presumption against him, but the overt acts of his relatives need to be proved beyond all reasonable doubt. This is because there is the tendency in our society to rope in all the relatives of the husband and in-laws in such a case. If the courts do not take proper care to ascertain the truth, there will be always possibility of conviction of innocent relatives and innocent in-laws for the fault of husband, said Justice Nalawade.Noting that there was no sufficient evidence to prove the overt acts of the parents, the judge said they were entitled to benefit of doubt and acquitted them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15247567", "title": "Google unveils world\u2019s fastest net connection", "text": "LONDON: Internet giant Google has unveiled what it says is the world's fastest internet connection through its ultrahigh-speed service, offering lightning-fast access of one gigabit per second. The service which uses optical fibre to deliver speeds far in excess of traditional web services, offering speeds faster than almost anywhere else on Earth. The web search leader unveiled its ultra-high speed Google Fiber service in Kansas City, Missouri, and it hopes to roll out the service to other cities later, the Daily Mail reported. \"Access is the next frontier that needs to be opened, we're going to do it profitably. That is our plan,\" Google chief financial officer Patrick Pichette said. \"We are at a crossroad,\" he added, noting that internet speeds had leveled out for broadband since around 2000. We at Google believe there is no need to wait,\" he said. Google Fiber's ultra highspeed connections and television offerings are aimed at surpassing those of current providers, allowing users to search live channels, Netflix, YouTube, recorded shows and tens of thousands of hours of on-demand programming . However, no phone service is available. Google said it also intends to roll out product packages for businesses, but would not provide details. Google Fiber includes more than 100 networks and costs $120 a month for a package of TV, 1 gigabit per second Internet speeds and 1 terabyte of cloud storage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15243475", "title": "Man electrocuted at marriage party", "text": "NAGPUR: A 30-year-old man was electrocuted in a freak mishap while dancing to the disc jockey's music at the pre-marriage function of the brother of a friend at Sugat Nagar on Friday late evening. Ironically, deceased Yogesh Motghare earned his livelihood as an electrician.Motghare was rushed to a private hospital and then to Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital where he was declared dead. It is learnt that couple of revellers had already experienced a jolt while dancing on the floor but no one took the incidents seriously.Motghare, whose elder brother too had passed away few years ago, was dancing without shoes. He slipped making his dancing moves and fell on an electrical board which connected the wires of the music systems. An electrocuted Motghare collapsed on the ground.Jaripatka police has registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "seetampet (srikakulam)", "code": "15243431", "title": "Tribals observe bandh in Seetampet", "text": "SEETAMPET (SRIKAKULAM): The tribal agency area of Seetampet in Srikakulam observed a bandh on Saturday in protest of the alleged high-handedness of the police personnel when they prevented a group of protesting tribals from laying siege to the CM convoy.The bandh call was given by the Kannedhara Konda protection committee.The protesters alleged that they were beaten up and lathicharged by the cops.The tribals of Seetampet have been agitating for the past two years against the granite mining lease on Kannedhara Konda given to minister Dharmana Prasada Rao's son Manohar Naidu.Shops and commercial establishments remained closed in Seetampeta agency while vehicular traffic including private and RTC buses stayed off the roads.The opposition parties BJP, Lok Satta, CPI, CPM and TDP extended their solidarity to the tribals bandh.The tribals are demanding that the chief minister announce his stand on the mining lease on Kannedhara Konda that was given to Dharmana's son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15244260", "title": "Man finds his missing son in Kharagpur", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Khokhra resident Rajendran Padiachi stood outside a shop selling air-conditioners and coolers near Kharagpur railway station in West Bengal , nearly 2,000 km from his hometown Ahmedabad, patiently waiting for a miracle.He soon came face to face with his son, Kartik, who had left home exactly six months earlier, on January 27. Kartik broke into a lopsided smile and then cried uncontrollably. Kartik's new friends around him witnessed this scene which seemed straight out of a film.Kartik, 16, told TOI that he had been to his tuition classes on January 27 and found out that he had failed in two subjects in a term test. He was afraid that his parents and teachers would scold him and went to Kalupur railway station. He initially planned to go meet his grandparents who live near Chennai, but couldn't get the proper train and boarded a train going north instead.\"I discarded my mobile phone near Surendranagar out of fear of being tracked. I kept changing trains and continued northwards. Near Allahabad, I decided to alight because of the cold. I worked at a site near the city for a fortnight where a youth befriended me and invited me to Kharagpur, his native place in West Bengal,\" Kartik said.The youth however ditched him at the railway station and made off with his money and bag. Kartik then camped at the station, where he would eat whatever people would give him. He picked up bits of Bengali and the owner of a shop near the station called him over a few of times and offered him food. When the man learned that he could write English and do simple calculations, he employed him and gave him shelter along with six other youths.\"The first lead about Kartik came as a phone call from one Rajeev Yadav, one of his friends in Kharagpur. We initially thought it a hoax, but when the youth insisted, I took a chance. He said Kartik had forbidden him from calling his family but had given the phone number. I took a flight on July 24 to Kolkata, went to Kharagpur and tracked down Yadav who had promised to meet me. On July 25, I met my son and we came back the next day,\" recounts Rajendran.Kartik said he felt guilty about leaving his family behind. \"But I could not get myself to contact them out of guilt. Now I vow never to leave them,\" he said.A complete Raksha Bandhan for the familyFor Jona, Kartik's sister, Raksha Bandhan will be complete. \"I had a hunch that my brother would be back for the festival he enjoys most, and God answered our prayers and brought him back just before the festivities,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15245765", "title": "18 babies in 15 years, just one survived", "text": "JAIPUR: Thirtyfive-year-old Babli, an Anganwadi worker in Kathumbar in Alwar district, delivered 18 babies in the past 15 years but all of them died except the last girl child whom she gave birth in a private hospital in Bharatpur on July 6.In the past 15 years, once she gave birth to twins but they too did not survive. She rushed from JK Lon hospital in Jaipur to Delhi's AIIMS but all her efforts to get her child alive went in vain.The 18th baby was rushed to Jaipur's Babylon hospital where she is undergoing treatment for respiratory and abdominal disorders. The doctors claimed that the baby is fine and her weight is 1.6 kg.In fact it was the high demand of a baby that kept Babli pregnant most of the time in the past 15 years adversely affecting her health.The doctors, who are treating her 18th baby, claimed that since she frequently became mother in the past 15 years, she became weak and because of lack of nutrition, she gave birth to premature and weak babies.The woman's uncle, Ramdev Meena, an RPF constable, said: \"I always suggest them (his brother and sister in law) to give a gap of three-four years before planning the baby but they never paid attention to my advice.\"In 1997, Babli married one Ramkesh Meena and since then she has been continuously becoming mother.Dr Dhananjay Mangal, who is providing treatment to the girl said: \"Her husband looked least bothered about the health of the woman. We are treating the woman on the consent of her uncle.\"Mangal said, \"It seems that her children died because they were either of premature births or they died due to septicemia. When frequent pregnancies happen, the uterus loses contraction. Also, lack of nutrition in the mother could be another reason of giving birth to children who could not survive for long time.\"Shalu Kakkad, a private hospital gynecologist said: \"If no baby survives, then it could be a case of metabolic or genetic disorder. It seems that there was no proper management of pregnancies. In such case it needs a proper genetic study before conceiving the baby.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15245972", "title": "Fined for crossing the line", "text": "LUDHIANA: Showing no tolerance for motorists who don't respect the right of pedestrians to safe roads, the Ludhiana traffic police on Saturday issued at least 100 challans to those stopping their vehicles ahead of zebra crossing. This comes a day after TOI carried a report, Not a city for pedestrians, highlighting the scarcity of facilities for those on foot.Ludhiana's traffic incharge, inspector Beant Juneja, said, \"Though road markings are not satisfactory in many parts of the city, we launched the drive against those who dont follow the rule of halting before stop-lines. The aim is to facilitate the movement of pedestrians in the city.'\"Erring motorists in various parts of the city, including Bharat Nagar Chowk, Bhai Bala Chowk and Hero Bakery Chowk, were issued challans. In all, 100 slips were given to those crossing stop-lines and obstructing zebra crossings, he added.Lauding the long-awaited move, Civil Lines resident Dr Iqbal Ahuja, a gynaecologist, said, It's praiseworthy that police are trying to inculcate respect for pedestrians but cops must also ensure that road markings exist on roads. There is also a need to inculcate traffic sense, especially concern for pedestrians, among the residents.\"A retired professor from Punjab Agricultural University, Sarav Mittar Beri of Sargodha Colony, said, \"A multipronged policy is required to bring in a sense of responsibility when it comes to pedestrians. Traffic cops have started their work and now residents need to do their bit.\"Promising to carry on the drive, commissioner police, Ludhiana, Ishwar Singh said, \"We are organizing many awareness campaigns as well. Even today, we held a meeting with school principals and decided to set up traffic awareness cells in schools. We will take the help of NCC cadets who would be trained to assist traffic police.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15246597", "title": "Diarrhoea cases on the rise in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: The diarrhoea outbreak in Chas, Chandankyari and Jaridih blocks of the district has set off alarm bells in district health department here. Over two dozen villagers have fallen prey to the disease in past 48 hours.A team of doctors has rushed to the affected Basgoda and Kusma villages of Chas. The government health centres across the district have been alerted to provide treatment to the patients. Bokaro civil surgeon S N Tewary has directed Auxiliary Nurse Midwives to visit each village under their jurisdiction and submit daily report about patients.The residents of Bansgoda, which is most affected, claimed that more than 30 people, including women and children, were suffering from diarrhoea.The villagers also claimed that a girl, Puja, has died of diarrhoea which has been denied by health officials.Tewary said Puja had died of severe fever which caused by malnutrition, not diarrhoea.Sources said the number of diarrhoea patients had increased in government and private hospitals in the past week. Few girl students of Kasturba Ghandhi Residential School here have also diagonized with diarrohea. A dozen of residents in Jaridih and Petarwar blocks have been admitted in hospital on Thursday while the same number of patients of Chandankyari block were admitted in Chas Sub-Divisional Hospital on Friday.On Saturday, several patients admitted in hospitals with diarrhoea symptoms. Tewary said drinking of contaminated water in rainy season or eating stale food would cause diarrhoea.The villagers are drinking waters from well and that without cleaning it, this invite disease. They are providing best possible treatment to the residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15245698", "title": "Rajasthan signs agreement with 4 states for uniform drug policies", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan has signed a declaration with four other states to formulate uniform policies for drug procurement to reduce household expenses on medicines.Under the declaration signed in Thiruvananthapuram on Wednesday, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Tamil Nadu , Kerala and Karnataka agreed on exchanging drugs in cases of exigencies apart from sharing of drug stock, best practices like quality control, factory inspection of manufacturers, IT, logistics and inventory management.The five states will share capacity building and study trips among corporations too. Moreover, they will formulate uniform policies for drug procurement, common specifications, tender conditions, quality testing and assurance and black listing of drug companies. They will also promote and help other states to implement the free medicine scheme announced by the Union government.Rajasthan has already launched its chief minister's free medicine scheme in the state by making it mandatory for government doctors to write only generic drugs and provide them for free at designated counters. The declaration will now strengthen the scheme and help the state in a great deal in various ways.\"Since all the five states are working for a common cause, the declaration will help us to make medicines accessible to everyone irrespective of their financial status. Since, we are providing free generic medicines to the people in the state, this declaration will strengthen our system of distribution of free drugs to all,\" RMSC managing director Dr Sharma said.He said Rajasthan would be benefitted as it would replicate the model of Kerala's modern drug warehouses, IT and space management in drug warehouses. \"We will modernize seven drug warehouses soon,\" he said.\"In case we do not have a particular medicine to distribute free as the tender for procurement of the particular drug is in process, we can get the drugs from either of the four states. This is one of the benefits of the declaration,\" Sharma said.The Thiruvananthapuram Declaration reads, \"We will work together, share and extend our skills and knowledge expertise and experience for the purpose of providing quality medicines to the poor and needy sections of society through the public health facilities in an efficient and economic manner. We will do our best to promote, establish and popularize the concept of providing quality essential medicines free of cost to all patients coming to government hospitals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15245083", "title": "Ban on liquor licences from August: CM", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said on Saturday that the state government will put a freeze on all new liquor licences for both, retail and wholesale outlets, in residential colonies from next month.Citing statistics provided by the department of planning, statistics and evaluation, he said he was \"shocked\" and \" disturbed \" to learn that there are over 30,000 widows in Goa. He said a large percentage of deaths in the state are because of alcohol abuse and the statistic shows Goa has a serious social problem to be addressed. The freeze on licenses would be the government's attempt to reduce the problem, he said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15243032", "title": "The course that\u2019s been changing lives in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Every evening, when St Xavier's College turns on its yellow lights, a thousand canteen boys, sweepers, hawkers, labourers, milk vendors, clerks and receptionists wrap up a tough day's work and rush in for their lectures. Once in, they are in a world where all they are expected to do is hold a pen and pay attention.Few in the city know about the evening course at the college. Started 24 years ago, the commerce section is perhaps a little out of sync with the loud Malhar and the campus fashion a sharp contrast to what one sees in top colleges. Also, most students don't return to a home or comforting security each day. Principal Errol Fernandes said, \"The morning section was started to provide excellent education. The criterion to admit students is merit. The evening classes were started to cater to the distressed section of society and give them hope of a better life.\"The classes begin with a short prayer of silence. \"Students are asked to take a deep breath so they can get rid of the grime and tiredness of the day,\" Fernandes explained.As the section enters its silver jubilee year, it has turned autonomous. Unlike other colleges, the attendance here is high, probably because the reason to study is different. There are no free lectures, and very often extra classes for weaker students are held on the train, during the faculty's journey back home.For long, excellent education has mostly been the privilege of the moneyed and the meritorious. The commerce section at St Xavier's was started with the aim of breaking away from that norm. \"These students are the ones who really need the help,\" said economics professor Kamaji Bokare. \"The rate of change of life you see here is really high.\"Akshay Shetty, who used to run a roadside stall outside Old Custom's House, is today a senior executive at a mutual fund firm. \"I went on to do my master's and am also a cost accountant. The biggest change has been the respect I get today,\" says a proud Shetty. Till about five years ago, Prabhakar Poojary was a canteen boy in BEST earning Rs 600 a month. Today, he heads the Singapore, Dubai and Mauritius markets of a private fund and takes home an enviable pay packet of Rs 30 lakh. \"When tough life becomes a routine, the rest becomes easy,\" he says.Teachers take pride in the fact that two ex-students have made the Indian Institute of Management-Ahmedabad\u2014one is the vice-president of a private bank\u2014but most importantly, they speak of the values the course has instilled in their students. Ravi Gaba was always a bright student; he bagged several cash awards in his years at St Xavier's. \"When he graduated, he gave us all the cash prizes (totaling Rs 18,000) that he had won and said he wanted to leave it back for another needy student,\" recalled accounts professor Rajesh Vora.Going to college means different things to different people. For some, collegiate education rebuilds their lives, for some others it is the bridge to a better path. For many others, it's a plunge out of a dark night...to a day that shines as bright as the lights on the campus they walk to each evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15243178", "title": "City launch pad for animated 3D film 'Krishna &amp; Kans'", "text": "NAGPUR: 'Krishna and Kans', an animated 3D feature film produced by Reliance Animation, is hoping to bust the existing sentiment that such films are only for kids. The two-hour flick, which will release on August 3, is packed with all the ingredients required for a masala blockbuster. And, with Krishna as its hero and this season being a built-up to Janamashtmi, it hopes to get the required eyeballs.In the city to attend the pre release event of the film, Ashish SK, the CEO of Reliance Animation, said that the production was a result of more than seven years of painstaking research. \"The acharyas of ISCKON have been part of our research team. The scholars at the Tirupati Devsthanam have penned the shlokas which we have used in our narrative,\" he said.Nagpur is the springboard for the pre release events to be unleashed in other cities. \"That's because among the 1200 people who are associated with the film, a bulk are from this region,\" said Ashish who too hails from the city.Elaborating on the USP of the film, he said that the music and voices used for different characters are the strength of the film. \"We have used the best in the business. Om Puri , Manoj Bajpai, Juhi Chawla, AK Hangal and Mukesh Khanna have lent their voices,\" he said.Describing Krishna as an international brand, Ashish said that the world is familiar to this Indian mythological hero due to the Hare Krishna cult spread by ISCKON. \"From grandparents to parents and children, entire families are Krishna lovers as he is a warrior, a destroyer of evil, a friend and a cute prankster. This film thus will appeal to the entire family,\" he said, adding that it would have a simultaneous worldwide release.Replete with songs sung by Sonu Nigam, Shreya Ghoshal and Sunidhi Chauhan there is an item number too filmed on 'Putna', the evil child killer. \"The chants, shlokas and the flute played by Rakesh Chaurasia will delight the elders,\" said Ashish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15244728", "title": "Bengal tourism in London fair", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee's London dreams will soon a get a fillip when India Tourism showcases West Bengal as the theme state at the Indian pavilion in London. The pavilion will be part of the international tourism fair to be held in the British capital this November.Announcing this decision at a conclave organized by Indian Chamber of Commerce, Union tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahay said the Centre was keen to promote West Bengal and the other eastern states.Expressing delight over the prospect of Bengal being showcased as the theme state, state tourism minister Rachpal Singh said the content of the pavilion will be finalized after discussions with the CM. However, planning will be crucial if Bengal is to properly execute the project and make most of the golden opportunity. Though last time Bengal had showcased a drab pavilion at the international trade fair in Delhi, Singh assured that things would be different this time around with the government focusing on infrastructure development, brand building and marketing of tourist locations. \"We are even organizing a competition to develop a new logo for brand Bengal,\" Singh said.Pointing to the inadequate infrastructure and room crunch in tourist destinations, Sahay suggested the state government demolish guest houses and inspection bungalows in scenic locations and get 100-150 room budget hotels built through public-private partnership. The nion minister also called all eastern states\u2014Bengal, Orissa, Bihar, Jharkhand and the north-east\u2014to organize combined circuits like Delhi-Agra-Jaipur to woo foreign tourists.Sahay said the Centre had roped in a consultant to prepare detailed project report (DPR) for promoting tourism in West Bengal and Odisha. \"Though Mamatahas revived brand Bengal to an extent, it is still not as attractive as many other states. All they need to do is plan properly. We are here to sanction the plans,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15242579", "title": "Kin killed cabbie", "text": "NEW DELHI: The taxi driver whose body was found at a garbage dump in Sheikh Sarai on Friday morning was killed by his nephew, police said on Saturday. Surender Singh (24) allegedly strangled Suresh Singh (35) with a clutch cable before dragging his body to the garbage dump. The cable has been found.The body was found around 6.30am at Sheikh Sarai-I. Surender emerged as the main suspect when Kailash, a witness, told police he had seen Surender and Suresh together in the latter's Indica taxi around 1am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15246104", "title": "Pune division seeks Rs 14k-cr central grant", "text": "PUNE: The divisional commissionerate has sought Rs 14,000 crore as grant from the Union government to mitigate the drought-like situation in central Maharashtra.The grant would be used for the current year and to build infrastructure for similar situations. The plan wassubmitted to the Union government team on Friday.The members were in Pune to review water supply schemes and irrigation projects in seven districts of Pune, Satara, Sangli, Solapur, Osmanabad, Beed and Ahmednagar.The Union team visited the drought-prone areas for the second time in three months. Friday's visit covered Beed and Osmanabad, while the others were done during the first visit.The team met divisional commissioner Prabhakar Deshmukh, district collector Vikas Deshmukh and officials of state irrigation department, agriculture department and forest department on Friday.A long-term action plan to improve availability of water in drought-prone areas and water management methods to improve availability during summer were discussed.\"Central parts of Maharashtra often face water scarcity in summer. This year, the situation grew serious as water sources dried up at many places in March. Farming activities were hit due to non-availability of water,\" said a revenue official.They have sought a grant of Rs 919 crore for Pune, Rs 2,337 crore for Satara and Rs 3,503 crore for Sangli district. Besides these, a grant of Rs 9,187 crore was sought for irrigation projects and completion of water supply schemes in seven districts, officials said.A truant monsoon with a deficiency of 22% is unlikely to avert drought in Maharashtra. Union food minister K V Thomas told TOI recently that drought is impending in Maharashtra, Gujarat, Karnataka and western Rajasthan.The Prime Minister's Office on Tuesday directed ministries to help these states by operationalizing contingency plans to distribute seeds, augment fodder and power and deal with drinking water shortages.Drought definedAccording to the PMO, this year's monsoon season rainfall is likely to be 92% of the long-term average (LPA), less than the 96% LPA predicted in June that itself was a downgrade from the 98% LPA May forecast. Levels below 90% are 'deficient', signalling a drought.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15245365", "title": "Cyberabad cops to record fingerprints of accused", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Cyberabad police on Saturday decided to adopt biometric system for recording fingerprints of arrested accused so that repeated offenders can be nabbed by crosschecking with clues that they gather from the scene of offence. The decision was taken during a high-level meeting with officers of Cyberabad commissionerate, Rangareddy collector V Sheshadri and the II additional district judge.Cyberabad commissioner Ch Dwaraka Tirumala Rao said that there was a need to focus on controlling property offences. He directed all station house officers to register case in congnizable offences as and when it happens. \"In order to instill confidence among citizens, there is the need for registration of cognizable offences as and when reported,'' Tirumala Rao said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15245228", "title": "An 1880 half rupee coin sells for Rs 1.4 lakhs", "text": "COIMBATORE: The three-day coin exhibition 'coinex-2012' that began on Friday saw the auction of over 300 coins on Saturday.More than 100 people took part in the auction. For the auction, price tags were announced earlier and the bidders then claimed their prices. The half rupee coin established in 1880 was sold at the highest bid of Rs1.4lakh.From Hanuman Tanka, a 18{+t}{+h} century old coin to a 75-year-old George VI silver rupee, there were several coins which were auctioned for more than a lakh rupees.Girish J Veera, a numismatist and one of the proprietors from Oswal Antiques, Mumbai who led the auction said that investing in coins is an attractive investment, but people must be careful. \"It is an interesting field and can fetch lucrative returns. There are too many fake dealers for people to be careful about,\" he says. Through the returns this can fetch is enormous those interested must study about the coins from websites and later attend auctions.Though there are enormous returns once you buy a coin, however, those who are interested must first study about the coins from the websites and later attend such auctions, he added.\"One should buy only from dealers who are regulars in auctions and events,\" say Kishan Agarwal, a coin collector from Hyderabad who came to attend the programme. He says that there are too many fake dealers in South India. There are many on the road sides and other places who claim to have old coins. \"Enter the field only after a dedicated study,\" he says.Apart from coins there were antiques exhibited by some. A Susai Raj a dealer of antique items says several people are showing interest in antiques these days. He has a collection of items ranging from old binoculars to cameras to the lamps which were hung on bicycles. \"These are a matter of interest and curiosity for many,\" he notes.Around 40 dealers have taken part in the exhibition that will continue till Sunday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15246105", "title": "Hinjewadi firm employee arrested for Rs 29 lakh theft", "text": "PUNE: The Pune police crime branch on Friday arrested one of the four suspects, Sachin Parekh of Rupeenagar in Talawade, for allegedly stealing Rs 29 lakh from a Hinjewadi firm between July 21 and 23.A magisterial court here on Saturday has sent Parekh to police custody till July 31.The suspects had entered the cashier's cabin at the Flagship Infrastructures Private Ltd at Blue Ridge township in Hinjewadi after removing a part of the roof and decamped with the cash.The cashier, Niranjan Sudhir Rajarshi, had kept the cash inside a cupboard on July 21 at 5.30 pm. The incident came to light after Rajarshi found the cash missing on July 23 around 12.15 pm. The firm, housed in a single-storey building, has 47 cabins of officials and round-the-clock security.Senior police inspector (unit III) Sunil Pawar on Saturday said the CCTV had captured images of two of the three suspects involved in the theft case. The three were not known to the firm employees.According to Pawar, investigations revealed that Parekh, a firm employee, was visiting the residence of one of the suspects. Following this, Parekh was taken into custody.Parekh has admitted to his involvement in the crime with the three suspects. Acting on the information given by Parekh, the police have seized Rs 5.7 lakh, hidden by one of the suspects, at various places. The police are on the look out for the other suspects, he added.Parekh was handed over to the Hinjewadi police for further action.Rajarshi, a resident of Sinhagad Road, has registered a theft case under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15253461", "title": "Ashmit Patel back on TV with \u2018Superstud\u2019?", "text": "Ashmit Patel, whose career soared to new heights after participating in the controversial reality show 'Bigg Boss' is again in news.The actor's closeness with contestant Veena Mallik garnered many eyeballs during their stay at the 'Bigg Boss' house. Ashmit Patel is all set to TV with the second season of 'Superstud- The school of Flirt' on Bindaas.Sources inform, Ashmit has been roped in to host the second season of 'Superstud' . However, the co-host of the show, former miss India Natasha Suri will be replaced. 'Superstud' on Bindaas TV was an ultimate reality show to search India's ultimate Casonova but we hear that the format of the show will now be changed.The shooting for the show is expected to commence next month and will go on-air in the month of September 2012.When contacted, Ashmit remained unavailable for the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15244810", "title": "University syndicate wants VC to speed up exam scandal probe", "text": "CHENNAI: The University of Madras syndicate on Friday demanded that vice chancellor G Thiruvasagam appoint two more members into the K Aludiapillai Pillai commission to speed up investigations into the exam scandal.Aludiapillai Commission was appointed last December after a panel headed by senior professor S Karunanidhi had named 30 officials who were allegedly involved in malpractices in the conduct of BE/BTech and distance education examinations in May and June 2011.The university had established two committees, headed by K Subburaj and S Karunanidhi, whose reports indicted 21 more officials, including the controller of exams, who had relinquished the charge of registrar after his implication in the case in May 2012.The commission was expected to complete the oral inquiry of 30 indicted officials, but the syndicate observed that the inquiry was moving at a snail's pace, delaying action on the other 21 officials, including Leo Alexander, the controller of examinations.According to syndicate sources, the Friday meeting witnessed complaints from academicians on the delay of completing inquiry. \"There was a demand from the university faculties to transfer chargesheeted officials from the controller of exam department. The vice chancellor promised immediate decision on that,\" said a senior official.Meanwhile, the syndicate decided to consider the demands for promotion of 47 non-teaching staff who do not have higher secondary education, but possess degrees from open universities against a 2009 stateA senior university official said none of them, joined in 1990, have studied higher secondary school or pre-degree and only four of them have SSLC qualification. Despite having no school education certificates, the decision of the university to consider their promotion is observed as a violation of state government order that restricts appointment or promotion of candidates based on their open university degrees.Sources close to VC said the decision to consider the promotions of 47 non-teaching staff is conditional. \"All of them have to clear their school exams within two years. Unless they submit the certificates in two years, they will lose the benefits. Also it is subjected to the disposal of a writ petition filed in the court on same issue,\" said the university official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15244907", "title": "Cash counters open today for house tax deposition", "text": "LUCKNOW: All cash counters of Lucknow Municipal Corporation will remain open on Sunday to allow people to deposit house tax with 10% rebate. The scheme expires on July 31. Additional municipal commissioner, PK Srivastava said that the counters will remain open between 10.00 am and 3.00 pm. \"The decision has been taken in view of the fact that this will be the last Sunday when more and more people will be able to turn up to deposit their house tax,\" Srivastava said.House tax can also be deposited at the e-suvidha counters, the single window system of the department of IT and electronics.However, of late, the services of e-suvidha had deteriorated following problem of the server.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "cuttack (odisha)", "code": "15252940", "title": "Pipili probe panel issues notices to doctors", "text": "CUTTACK (ODISHA): The Justice P K Mohanty Commission probing the sensational Pipili rape and murder case has issued notices to three doctors of Capital Hospital in Bhubaneswar.The doctors had examined the Dalit girl to ascertain if she was raped on November 29 last year, the day she was found in a half-naked and unconscious state from a deserted field.The commission of inquiry, on the basis of affidavits received from witnesses, on Saturday issued notices to the three doctors to put forth their point of view on the matter.The three doctors on the requisition of Pipili Police had examined the 19-year-old girl on January 10, 2012, at least 42 days after the incident and had ruled out that the girl was raped.The crime branch police, who took up the case after that, had also made a requisition to SCB medical college and hospital doctors here for a similar test.But when the victim's guardians did not give consent for the test, the crime branch police requisitioned services of experts from AIIMS, New Delhi and the medical examination was conducted in the last week of January after obtaining the consent from the victim's father with much difficulty.Experts from New Delhi were unable to give a clear picture on the contentious issue as by the time they examined the victim, it was too late to give a conclusive view.Meanwhile, the Commission also received affidavits of statement filed by the then superintendent of police in Puri AN Sinha. On the other hand, the then Pipili SDPO sought at least one month time to file his affidavit. But the commission turned down his plea and asked him to file the affidavit positively by August 10.Similarly, in response to an application alleging that the commissionerate police had \"hijacked\" the body of the victim after her death on June 21, the Cuttack-Bhubaneswar police commissioner Sunil Kumar Ray on Saturday filed an affidavit in a sealed cover before the commission.The commission also directed the Stare government to submit the post mortem report of the victim before it soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15245503", "title": "Campus buzzing with non-academic activities", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan University campus is buzzing with non-academic activities as potential candidates make a beeline in their SUVs draped in posters on the campus to make sure that at least they make one round of all PG departments of the university and its six constituent colleges to garner support. The student union elections will held across the state on August 18.Dharmendra Chaudhary, who claimed to be NSUI candidate for the post of president said, \"I am preparing my ground work. Everyday I meet new students so that next time when I meet them as a candidate they will recognize my face.\" Chaudhary drives his SUV while waving to students with one hand. Similar is the scene at all constituent colleges. Potential candidates leaving no stone unturned to impress their \"bosses\" to claim tickets.This year, girls are more enthusiastic as before with the victory of Prabha Chaudhary as the first woman president of RU. Shefali Meena, a graduate from Maharani's College is eyeing to contest for the post of president from RU. \"I hold a fair chance as I was elected president of Maharani's College which has the maximum number of voters,\" said Meena, adding that her achievements cannot be ignored.Similar views were echoed by other potential girl candidates. Almost all candidates pitching for the elections have had spent many times than the limit of Rs 5,000 set by the Lyngdoh Committee. The cost of a small colour poster comes between Rs 10 and Rs 30 and if university sources are to be believed these candidates distribute somewhere between 1,000 and 3,000 posters everyday.No place in the university are without pamphlets and banners. Even signages were not spared as they were covered with posters and banners which is against the committee rules. The university is finding it difficult to stop violation of Lyngdoh Committee recommendations.The university has appointed 48 security guards in three shifts at key locations to monitor the situation round the clock. A videographer will also record the students' activities from 10.30 am to 4.30 pm at key locations of the campus. But it didn't help as they failed to stop hooliganism. The university authorities claim that they have stopped the entry of outsiders but police said in most of cases of hooliganism they have found presence of outsiders.Meanwhile, both the main students groups - NSUI and ABVP - have formed committees for selecting candidates. Sumit Bhagasara, state president of NSUI said committees at the state level and the district levels will identify the right candidate who have a blend of leadership and academic excellence. Similar views were echoed by ABVP leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "15243151", "title": "Mobile shop owner booked for fraud", "text": "WARDHA: City Police have booked a mobile shop owner for selling a SIM card on forged documents to a customer in Ganeshnagar, Borgaon, on Saturday.The matter came to light when a complaint was filed in the City police station on Monday that a person was threatening the complainant by calling from a particular number. Police investigated the matter and detained Amol Pinjarkar as he was found to be the owner of the SIM card from which the calls were made. However, after interrogation police gave a clean chit to Pinjarkar.Nevertheless, some more information came out of the interrogation. Police found that Pinjarkar had taken a SIM card from Patil Mobile Shop in Ganeshnagar, Borgaon, some days ago. Pinjarkar had given his Aadhar card as proof of his identity and address. But owner of the shop Shrimati Patil had sold another SIM card to Riya Bhandarkar on Pinjarkar's documents putting a false sign and using a 'false' photo.Police lodged a complaint under 420, 468 of IPC against Patil. Cops informed that Patil is in Pune for last three days, hence she could not be arrested.Meanwhile, the SP office has appealed to the people not to purchase SIM cards from unauthorized dealers, and ensure that their documents are misused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mansa", "code": "15254742", "title": "Having holes in heart, Akshay and Sapna now living normal lives", "text": "MANSA: Fifteen years Akshay' parents were worried for the son and must not have hoped of his being able to be normal. The parents of seven years Sapna too were worried lot for her health. Both the kids were living abnormal lives as they had holes in their hearts. Thanks to funds allocated through centrally sponsored Sarva sikhya abhiyan(SSA) that both now are living normal lives after the holes being plugged.\"I had waited for more than fourteen long years for my son to get normal. Our life had become hellish as the son was living miserable life. But when the SSA authorities got our son admitted at Ludhiana' DMC, where surgery was conducted on Akshay, our happiness knew no bounds\", said Akshay' father Rakesh Kumar. Rakesh, who works as a salesman with a local shopkeeper said with meager resources it was not possible for me to spend more than Rs. 2 lacs on surgery and I had to wait for long years to get my son treated\".Class 1st student Sapna' special educator teacher father Sat Pal too was not in a position to shell out that much amount on her daughter' surgery, he too had to wait but now has smiles on his face when sees daughter smiling. We are satisfied that finally our daughter is out of hell. Earlier when was not treated Sapna used to tire even after walking few steps but now she even can play\".\"Akshay and Sapna are not alone but 16 more students fighting with holes ion heart and cancer have started living normally in Mansa district but still there are many whose parents are still waiting in vain to get their wards treated at government expenses\", said a Mansa resident.Mansa DC Amit Dhaka said surgeries for holes have been conducted on 16 children whereas surgeries for cancer have been conducted on two children in 2012. Apart from Akshay and Sapna, Krishna, Karan Kaur, Sharanjit Kaur, Sandeep Kaur, Ritika have been treated for hole in hearts and Gurpreet Kaur and Gurlal Singh have been treated for cancer.Mansa district special educator(DSE) Rakesh Kumar said 53 children have been found suffering from holes and cancer and efforts are being made to get them treated. Mansa have 513 schools being covered under SSA for these ailments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15243359", "title": "Anti-graft protest: Media gets flak for \u2018negative\u2019 reports", "text": "NEW DELHI: The protest venue at Jantar Mantar finally bore a semblance of a crowd on Saturday with the presence of around 7,000 supporters (a Team Anna spokesperson however said a \"moving crowd\" of about 12,000 was present on the fourth day). But the media's reportage of thin attendance in the initial days seemed to have irked the organizers, who tore into it for asking questions about the numbers at Jantar Mantar. In his speech on Saturday, Arvind Kejriwal even told the media to choose between Pandavas (implying Team Anna) and Kauravas (the government).Supporters, too, expressed their displeasure with the media, especially television, accusing them of attempting to sabotage the protest through 'negative coverage'. \"They film at 9am and show that all day,\" said a protester. On social media sites, supporters are encouraging each other to take photos so that \"the real picture\" can be presented online. With criticism of the media endorsed by those on stage, journalists covering the fast have even been heckled by the public.\"The Congress had organized a rally at Srinagar, Uttarakhand, and despite bringing truckloads of supporters they could never gather a crowd as large as our fast did. The media never showed or questioned the crowd size at the rally. They never declared the Congress rally a failure,\" said Kejriwal to loud cheers.Kejriwal also asked the crowd how many of them thought the Prime Minister was dishonest, and when most of them showed they did, he asked the media to film the reaction. In the evening, supporters sought out a particular set of TV journalists to confront them on their coverage of the protest at 7 Race Course Road.Their complaints against the media apart, things did improve for Team Anna on Saturday. Taking advantage of the weekend, entire families turned up. The attendance was thin till about 10.30am but thereafter there was a steady stream of visitors till evening. In the afternoon, Shiv Khera became the first celebrity visitor this time.\"I have been coming every day, but my wife and kids have come for the first time,\" said Delhi-based businessman DK Tiwari. Mamta Tiwari, an ardent follower of the movement, hadn't been able to come sooner because of her children. \"But we're free over the weekend and have brought them along,\" she said.Rotash Khokhar's daughter, Himanshi, 9, met with a minor accident on her way to Jantar Mantar but that didn't deter the family. \"It was important to come here. And my wife's eyes are always glued to the TV. She's following all the developments closely,\" said Khokhar. Many said they would return on Sunday.(Inputs from Aniruddha Ghosal, Prerna Sodhi and Shreya Roy Chowdhury)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15254676", "title": "Is Seeman marrying a journalist?", "text": "Director Seeman is one of the most vociferous personalities in Kollywood. And it also one of the main reasons why he has often gotten into trouble because of this nature of his (especially his pro Eelam stand).However, now, we hear that the director, actor and politician is planning to get hitched. And no, it isn't actress Vijayalakshmi (of Friends fame), who, last year, had lodeged a complaint against Seeman claiming the two were in a live-in relationship and the director had promised to marry her but had eventually backed off from it.Rumour mills say that Seeman is currently in a relationship with Yarlmathy, a TV journalist, who is also the widow of a Eelam fighter. Yarlmathy is reportedly living abroad currently and is working as a new reader for a popular television channel.While the director hasn't officially confirmed the news, sources close to him say that this is quite true.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15242371", "title": "Women are the first victims: Saving Face director", "text": "MUMBAI: The irrevocably scarred face of 39-year-old Zakia, hidden behind a burkha and dark glasses, is perhaps the most telling shot of the Oscar-winning Pakistani documentary Saving Face. A victim of a brutal acid attack after she demanded a divorce from her abusive husband, Zakia's cloaked existence speaks volumes about the veil of silence on the issue of acid attacks, the stigma victims face in patriarchal societies and the long winding road to justice.The suffering isn't Zakia's alone. Closer to home, 23-year-old Aarti Thakur from Nallasopara and 28-year-old Sonali Mukherjee from Jharkhand , the newest victims of acid attacks, have borne similar barbarianism. Aarti and Sonali had acid flung on them to \"teach them a lesson\". \"Women around the world have a lot in common. If you have a lethal combination of unemployment and low literacy levels, women will be the first victims, especially when society does not make an example that it is wrong,\" said Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy, director of Saving Face at the screening of the film at NCPA. \"Change does not take place if people don't question the status quo.\"That's what set apart the struggle of Zakia in Pakistan from Aarti and Sushma in India. Zakia's fight for justice was made easier when midway through her struggle, the Pakistani parliament unanimously passed a special law to protect victims of acid attacks. Called the Acid Control and Acid Crime Prevention Bill 2010, it recommended a sentence of anywhere from 14 years to life imprisonment and a fine of up to Rs 1 million for perpetrators of acid violence. Zakia's husband was sentenced to two life imprisonment terms. Due to the lack of any specific legal provision in India, Aarti, Sonali and other acid victims fight not just the loss of identity but an apathetic judicial system as well. \"My perpetrators are out on bail while I live in constant fear. I feel like I am the one living a jail sentence,\" says Aarti, who bore 10-15% burns on her face, hands and chest after acid was flung on her by four persons at Goregaon railway station.Legal experts and activists have long been rallying for a separate law for acid attacks, and a step was finally taken in this direction last week with the cabinet approving the Criminal Law (Amendment) Bill, 2012, which has for the first time placed acid attack as a separate category under the Indian Penal Code. It proposes two sections, 326 A to tackle hurt by acid attack and 326 B for attempted attack, with the former liable to a sentence of 10 years to life imprisonment and the latter from one to 10 years.Sushma Kapoor, deputy regional programme director of UN Women says that enacting and implementing a strong law is the only answer. \"Bangladesh adopted a law against acid attacks in 2002, and the rate of acid violence decreased by 15 to 20 %,\" she says, adding that acid is so cheaply and easily available in India that it becomes an easy weapon.Rehabilitation of acid attack victims too leaves much to be desired. Sushma Verma of the Campaign And Struggles Against Acid Attacks on Women says the government must provide victims timely monetary help. \"The Karnataka high court has directed the state government to provide Rs 2 lakh compensation to victims but there is no will to implement this and provide victims jobs or rehabilitate them,\" she says. Verma's NGO has been campaigning for acid sales to be curtailed and documented so that attackers can be traced back. The Supreme Court rapped the Centre a week ago for ignoring its year-long directives to provide compensation to acid attack victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "15244216", "title": "Gang of 10 molests schoolgirl in Kolkata suburb, cops call it 'small incident'", "text": "BARASAT: An 18-year-old girl was surrounded by a group of 10 youths, abused and molested near Barasat station on Friday night in a chilling parallel with the stripping of a girl by a mob in Guwahati earlier this month. The rogues also slapped and shoved the girl's father, who had answered her SOS and rushed to her help, before being chased away by angry local residents, unlike in Guwahati where the hapless victim was at the mob's mercy for almost half an hour. Two of the Barasat molesters have been arrested.But Saturday morning added insult to injury when Barasat's Trinamool Congress MLA and former Tollywood megastar Chiranjeet appeared to blame women for incidents of eve-teasing when he took a dig at women's \"dress sense\" and \"their skirt sizes\" that he felt were for \"men's entertainment\". He did condemn Friday's incident, but the remark on skirt sizes from a man who played crusader and women's saviour on the Tolly screen in bumper hits like 'Bostir Meye Radha', 'Pratikaar' and 'Maryada', drew howls of protest from across the city, including filmstars, who said such \"irresponsible\" comments weren't expected from an artist.The place where the girl was attacked, near Platform No.1, wasn't far from the spot where Rajib Das, a schoolboy, was murdered on February 13 last year as he tried to shield his sister, a call centre employee, from drunk goons. It raised questions about the spate of crimes in the bustling town that serves as district headquarters of North 24-Parganas. Six months after Das's murder, the wife of a Kolkata Police Special Branch constable was attacked by three motorcycle-borne youths, who tried to snatch her chain. She escaped with a wound, but her mother-in-law had a heart attack and died. The area is close to the DM's office and the bungalows of the SP and additional SP and Barasat court.Chiranjeet visited the girl at her home in Barasat's Banamalipur around 4.30 pm, but did not speak to the media after that.His line of thought, though, found curious resonance in the reaction of North 24-Paragnas police superintendent Champak Bhattacharya, who described the events of Friday as a \"small incident\". \"To my understanding, this is not an incident of eve-teasing. This is a small incident. Someone passed lewd comments and assaulted the girl's father. We have arrested the main culprits. Allegations of lack of policing are baseless. There are sufficient lights and people deployed. Such one-off incidents can't be indicative of deteriorating law and order,\" he said.The \"small incident\" triggered considerable public outrage and an immediate backlash. Local residents nabbed one of the molesters, 28-year-old Ramesh Das, thrashed him and handed him over to the police. His interrogation led to the arrest of Subhankar Das (30) on Saturday morning. Both were produced in Barasat district court and sent to jail custody for 14 days.The victim, a class XII student of Barasat's Priyanath Girls High School, and her friend were returning home from geography tuitions when they the group pounced on them. The girls were headed for the overbridge to cross over from Noapara to Banamalipur when the group, seated on a bench front of a tea stall, first taunted them and made lewd comments. The remarks were targeted specifically at the 18-year-old girl. She first ignored the taunts but protested as the barrage of abuses refused to stop. At that, two youths blocked her path and another tugged at her hand. The scared girl called her father \u2014 an employee with the Barasat zilla parishad. \"I reached there within minutes. I protested and asked them to step out of the way. When they refused, I screamed angrily. They heckled me, slapped me and shoved me on the road,\" he said on Saturday. By then, locals had started gathering there. Sensing danger, the youths fled. \"Had my father and the local residents not intervened, I shudder to think what would have happened. They beat up my father mercilessly,\" the girl said.Chiranjeet's remarks came on the sidelines of a Science Fair inauguration at Barasat auditorium. Describing eve-teasing as an \"ancient incident\", he said, \"The Ramayana would never be made if Ravan wasn't there. With only Ram... there would be no story. Eve-teasing is an ancient incident. It is not new... for its reasons, to some extent, even women are involved. Their skirt size, their dress sense that is definitely for entertainment. For whom? Men, obviously. But that is to be appreciated \u2014 to be praised. If someone passes lewd comments, it should be protested. Something like this happened here yesterday. \"State women's commission chairperson Sunanda Mukherjee remarked, \"We are supposed to move forward and not backward. Are we in a stage where people hunt one another? I will not comment on the MLA's statement \u2014 everyone is supposed to have their own opinion \u2014 but the spurt of such incidents is worrisome.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15247145", "title": "Pathetic condition at relief camps: Akhil", "text": "GUWAHATI: After visiting the riot-hit Bodoland Territorial Area District (BTAD) areas, a joint team of India Against Corruption (IAC) and the Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) said it lamented the 'absence' of administration in the relief camps sheltering the Bodos and Muslims fleeing the violence. Addressing a news conference here on Saturday, KMSS general secretary and RTI activist Akhil Gogoi accused the BTC administration and the state government of showing indifference to the riot victims.\"Our joint team saw the terrible condition of the children, elderly and pregnant women at the relief camps set up at Kokrajhar Commerce College and Bhotgaon Kachipara relief camp in Kokrajhar district. The locals of Maibang Nagar, where the commerce college is located, are rendering voluntary service to Bodos who have fled their villages and are camping at the college. It is the local people Maibang Nagar and not the government who are providing water to them and have constructed toilet facilities for the victims,\" said Akhil.He said that army doctors have finally arrived to look after the four pregnant women at the commerce college, where the state government failed to provide proper healthcare. \"At a camp, that too in Kokrajhar Commerce College which is in Kokrajhar town, the government has hardly paid any attention. One can realize condition of other relief camps,\" the Team Anna member said. Quoting a Bodo women in the relief camp, Akhil said: \"The whole incident is political. Neither Bodos nor Muslims want to leave their homes\".The team also interacted with the Koch-Rajbongshi community as well as other Bengali and Assamese-speaking people living in the BTAD. \"Some of the victims told us the name of a state minister's who had a hand in the clashes. We do not want to reveal his name now,\" Akhil said.\"It was very heartening to receive a warm welcome from the Muslims taking shelter at the Bhotgaon Kachipara relief camp. People advised our team no to go in this camp as the anguished villagers of this camp sent back BTAD chef Hagrama Mohilary and state forest minister Rockybul Hussain. Bipul Saikia, one of the executive magistrates was attacked by the victims in the relief camp only. It is wrong that the displaced people were violent, they were in fact fed up with the attitude of the government,\" said Akhil.He also demanded a CBI enquiry on the allegations that four former members of the Bodoland Liberation Tigers were killed in front of policemen, the incident which is believed to the starting of this ethnic clash. \"Whether there is a connection between the politicians and the miscreants behind the ongoing clashes in the BTAD should be enquired by the CBI\", Akhil said. He also reiterated the demand for reconsideration of the concept of BTAD, which he said has failed to address the land related problems of the Bodos and non-Bodos. Chief minister Tarun Gogoi also blamed land disputes in BTAD as a root cause of clashes between the Bodos and non-Bodos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15245233", "title": "Militant unionism raises its head in Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: The death of an HR official in Maruti's Manesar plant after workers went on a rampage has raised concerns about a militant brand of trade unionism gaining ground in industrial belts. Some 1,750km away from the site of the attack, in remote Hosur, near the Tamil Nadu-Karnataka border, provocative posters have sprung up, inciting workers to celebrate the incident.The New Democratic Labour Front (NDLF) is a splinter group with small pockets of support, but keen on widening its influence among workmen across Tamil Nadu. Their posters, stuck on factory gates of industrial units in Hosur, Krishnagiri, Dharmapuri and Salem in western Tamil Nadu , wholeheartedly endorse the mob violence in Manesar, which claimed the life of a Maruti official and resulted in a lockout. \"We congratulate the workers who burnt down the big boss attitude (sic) of the management,\" said one poster in Tamil.The outfit, established around 2000-01, is known to take extreme confrontationist positions, which appeal to some sections during labour disputes.The HR head of an auto component maker said on condition of anonymity, \"NDLF is a registered trade union under the Trade Union Act. But they have demonstrated militant tendencies and forced several units in the Hosur belt by using the threat of violence.\"Though the outfit does not enjoy much patronage or support compared to CITU, INTUC and the DMK-backed Labour Progressive Front (LPF), its membership is clearly on the rise. In many areas, NDLF presence is marginal, but the numbers tend to influence labour relations, especially in times of crisis.\"We do not believe in democracy. We believe in fighting it out, fighting for workers right. We cannot achieve anything through democracy,\" said NDLF representative Santhosh, whose contact number was published on a wall poster in Hosur.According to him, the trade union has a presence across 30 factories in the Hosur region alone and in several in and around Chennai.NDLF's growth belies Tamil Nadu's image as a region unexposed to industrial unrest and lockouts. Barring the odd labour strike, labour relations historically have been harmonious here. The one blot on the state's record was the September 2009 incident at Pricol's plant in Coimbatore when its HR manager Roy George was lynched by a mob of workers backed by a local political functionary from a regional party.But the emergence of NDLF and other outfits with militant leanings may herald a change on the industrial landscape. AK Padmanabhan, national president of Left-backed CITU, says fringe outfits do not enjoy mass appeal, but hot-headedness and the language of violence tends to attract some following.\"Violence in any form cannot be accepted. It is important to realise workers' right to form a trade union, but the problem is most managements are averse to trade unionism.\" The reluctance on the part of managements to deal with politically-backed unions has certainly created a gap which drives unorganised workers into the arms of fringe outfits, Padmanabhan adds. Multinationals such as Hyundai and Nokia resisted the establishment of mainstream trade unions for a long time, preferring to deal directly with workmen through bilateral committees which comprised representatives of both management and workers. This arrangement enjoys legal sanction in several states although trade unions see this as crony unionism.Such situations leads to a trust deficit in an age when companies are increasingly focused on downsizing and set stiff production targets. If the targets are not achieved, managements are often seen as penalising the workforce. \"But with young workers, many of who have migrated from other parts of India, there is a tendency to be vehement on issues. While it is contained most of the time, on occasions it boils over,\" says GS Ramesh, who was head of HR at Hyundai Motor India and is now an HR consultant.And this is the sentiment militant unions capitalise.The increasing number of disputes in companies is also due to the rivalry between unions competing to expand their support base. Before assembly elections in 2011, DMK nudged several units around Chennai to recognise its Labour Progressive Front (LPF) union. The government's informal diktat was followed and LPF allowed to hoist its flag outside their gates. But soon after the polls and a change of guard at the state secretariat, the status quo began to be challenged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15243509", "title": "Youth's naked body found in girlfriend's house", "text": "NAGPUR: The real life episode unfurled at Vir Chakra colony in Gittikhadan on Friday late night seems to be straight out of the pages of a raunchy illicit love-story novel with the ingredients of drugs, sex and debauchery.Siddharth Naik (Gupta), alias Mohit, aged 22, who was appearing in law examinations in Madhya Pradesh, was found dead and without clothes on the bed of his married girlfriend who also had a five-year-old son. Sonia (name changed) too was found in her sleeping gown beside him when Siddharth's family reached the place. Police feel that Sonia must be sitting beside her paramour's body for around five hours while her son Romit (also name changed) playing around. Siddharth was frothing.Sources in the Gittikhadan police station said that Sonia too seemed to be under influence of some strong narcotics. Police has seized some black powder, which both Siddharth and Sonia may have inhaled, before retiring to bed. It has been also learnt through Sonia's son that Siddharth had a quarrel with his mother on Friday.Only child of his parents, Siddharth had left home on Thursday morning. Siddharth told his mother Sangeeta that he was going out of station for work. Siddharth worked as a clerk with a beetlenut trader in Itwari and also drove hired cars. Siddharth's mother Sangeeta started worrying for her son when he did not return in the night. He also did not answer calls.The matter took an interesting turn on Friday morning when a child's voice on the other side, likely to be Sonia's son, was heard when Siddharth was contacted on his cellphone. \"We were surprised as another man answered the call and said that it was wrong number. There were no more replies after that in the day,\" said Ashok Gupta , a relative of Siddharth. \"In the night, once again a child picked up the cellphone and said Siddharth was sleeping at their place,\" said Gupta. \"If the woman's husband is away then who was the other man who had picked up the phone in the afternoon. The woman's son was referring him as an uncle,\" said Gupta.Sonia in her statement before the Gittikhadan police claimed that Siddharth had come on Thursday night but had gone for work on the following day. He had returned in the evening with the black powder which they consumed together and had dinner. Later, Sonia claimed that she had spotted Siddharth vomiting blood and later fell silent with froths coming out of the mouth.Gittikhadan police has registered the case as accidental death. Sub-inspector AA Kurade of Gittikhadan police station said that the case is being investigated from all angles. Prima facie investigation suggests that Siddharth's death is likely to have been caused by drug overdose followed by a romp in the bed. Siddharth's family members were told by a friend about existence of Sonia in his life. It is learnt that Siddharth and Sonia were neighbours at Imambada before the woman tied nuptial knot with a teacher following a brief courtship.Sonia's husband works in Nanded and came to his wife very rarely. Around four months Sonia and her husband had moved as tenants into residence of the Durugkars. Siddharth frequently visited Sonia's place when her husband was away. \"She used to claim that Siddharth was a brother but we did not like his visits. So we had asked Sonia to vacate the place,\" said a woman from Durugkar family. She also said that Sonia's husband was repeatedly calling his wife on Friday but she didn't answer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15244149", "title": "Traffic cop slapped by auto driver", "text": "NASHIK: A traffic cop on duty was slapped by an auto rickshaw driver in the Raviwar Karanja area.The constable, Deepak Kharpade, was on duty at around 9 pm, when the scuffle took place. Kharpade, in his complaint, alleged that the accused, Prashant Marathe, had parked his vehicle such that it was obstructing traffic. When Kharpade approached Marathe, the latter shouted and then slapped Kharpade .Four injured in separate road accidents: Four people, all in their thirties, were injured in different road accidents on Friday. One of the injured was hit by a speed-ing state transport bus in Panchavati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15243161", "title": "Rowdy drives with MLA sticker, held", "text": "BANGALORE: A rowdysheeter was caught after he was found driving a Hyundai Elantra which had a sticker boasting he was an MLA.Cubbon Park police swung into action on July 25 after the control room received an alert that a car (KA51-M-2000) was being driven by someone with a car parking sticker meant for MLA for entry and exit to the high-security Vidhana Soudha.Police stopped the car when it was coming out of Embassy Square and found a rowdysheeter called Somashekhara Gowda alias Some Gowda was driving it. He was misusing the car pass to evade parking fees in important places in the city. Gowda also could not give satisfactory answers when questioned. A case under Sections 419, 420 and 353 were booked against him. Gowda figures among the rowdysheeted persons in High Grounds police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "varanasi/azamgarh", "code": "15244735", "title": "Three Ambedkar statues damaged in Azamgarh district", "text": "VARANASI/AZAMGARH: Statues of dalit icon Bhimbaro Ambedkar were vandalized by unidentified persons at three places in Azamgarh, triggering protests from BSP workers who blocked roads and staged demonstration.The incident comes close on the heels of the statue of former UP Chief Minister Mayawati being damaged in Gomtinagar in Lucknow. An alert had been sounded in the state after Maya statue was damaged on July 26.Inspector general of police Brij Bhushan said: \"Damaged statues of Ambedkar were noticed by the natives of Jutpalia, Karat and Jiyasar villages falling under the limits of Mehnagar police.\" The officials were also trying to know whether there was any laxity on the part of the local police,\" the IG added.Deputy inspector general Ram Kumar said: \"The damaged statues have been replaced and repaired. A large number of villagers and Bahujan Samaj Party activists later blocked the main road but were pacified by the police and administrative officials.\"The IG claimed that the crowd did not pose any threat to law and order.\"Senior officials have held talks with the villagers and convinced them that anti-social elements had tried to fan tension by indulging in such mischievous acts. There is no tension in any of the three villages on the issue. Adequate police have been deployed in the villages as a precaution,\" the IG told TOI.On Thursday, some miscreants had broken the head and damaged the arms of the four-feet high statue of the BSP supremo and former UP Chief Minister installed at the Bhimrao Ambedkar Samajik Parivartan Sthal in the state capital.A little known political outfit, Uttar Pradesh Nav Nirman Sena, had claimed responsibility for the incident, saying it was their way of expressing anger over scams which took place under the Mayawati regime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15247011", "title": "Hunting the hunter", "text": "In a remote patch of Uttarakhand , poaching is so rampant that leopard skins and rare animal parts are sold from tea stalls. Along with a team of wildlife activists, Sunday Times helps track and pin down a notorious poacher. Here's how it happenedAt a tea stall on a hilly road in Uttarakhand, a little query like \"What else do you have apart from tea?\" gets a shocking answer. \"Leopard skins,\" says the stall owner, without batting an eyelid. The man has obviously mistaken us - this reporter and Sharma, an enforcement agent with the Wildlife Trust of India (WTI), an NGO in Delhi that works with the authorities to nab poachers and illegal traders - for people who buy skins and other body parts of wild animals.In this area of wooded hills, slippery dirt tracks and villages hidden behind thick green cover, getting a lead on poachers is not easy. Here a cluster of villages - Hanol, Chadra, Tiuni, Parola - have become the epicenter of poaching, especially of leopards, musk deers and bears. Located on the border of Uttarakhand's Govind Wildlife Sanctuary - a valley through which the Tons River flows, the villages are also close to the state's boundary with Himachal Pradesh. Their location gives a perfect cover to the poachers who kill at will and vanish.These criminals have their eyes everywhere . Laying a trap for them by trying to strike a 'deal' for animal skin can lead to one getting hunted himself. During two such 'deals' in 2011, Sharma had almost got lynched when the poachers realized that it was a trap. For an enforcement agent, entering a village alone is dangerous . \"Almost every house here has at least one leopard skin. But going into the villages is risky because the villagers can spot the headlights of an approaching car from a distance and alert the poachers ,\" says Sharma.But the villagers too are victims of their conditions. Dependent on farming and animal husbandry, they have been trapped in poverty for as long as they can remember. In this area, where the poachers call the shots, the villagers or the actual hunters hardly make any money. The real killing is made by the middle-men and traders who deal with their rich buyers at home and abroad.Chasing a lead, we meet Sharma's informers who update us on two 'deals' they have struck. One involves two villagers who have killed a leopard and want to trade the skin; the other deal involves Shyam Prasad, a notorious poacher who has already been arrested twice.It has taken the informer months to win Prasad's confidence. The criminal has a dried gall bladder or the bear-bile (BB) of a Himalayan black bear. The BB is small enough to fit in one's palm. Used in Chinese traditional medicine, its demand has almost trebled here because of tightening of screws in China over the cruel practice of bile farming from live, caged bears. So, now it's being supplied from India. \"He's had it for a while. But he's smart. He's hinted that he might have a leopard skin on him and the BB is just a test to confirm the authenticity of the buyer,\" whispers the informer. This revelation is followed by another from Sharma. Prasad's wife worked with the radio section of the forest department and in the past he has managed to avoid arrest because of crucial information leaked to him.Next day, the informer returns. \"I know where the bear-bile is hidden and he's ready to sell it. But we'll have to go into his house.\" On hearing this, Sharma springs into action and informs the forest department officials and police about the lead on the poacher. They are willing to help, but the risks of working in these villages with limited resources makes them jittery. But Sharma has a plan: the informer would get Prasad \"ready\" and the team would walk out of the village before the villagers set up a resistance.Then, armed with a search warrant for Prasad's house, our team and a group of rangers, who are visibly nervous, enter the village. \"After such arrests, there is inevitably some violence,\" grumbles a ranger, clutching onto the sole rifle the whole group has. He isn't wrong.But finding Prasad is not too tough. He is sprawled on a cot, cradling a bottle of rum with a sharpened dagger on one side. The rangers arrest him without any resistance and locate the BB inside his house. But the villagers begin to gather on the narrow path that leads to our car. It is time to leave the scene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15245122", "title": "Tamil Eelam Supporters Organisation (TESO) meet to embarrass Centre: Nedumaran", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tamil nationalist leader P Nedumaran today asked former chief minister and DMK chief M Karunanidhi to introspect his loyalty and commitment to the Tamil Eelam cause and the welfare of the Tamils living in Sri Lanka . He was commenting on the DMK's move to hold a conference on the platform of the Tamil Eelam Supporters Organisation (TESO) to uphold the rights of Lankan Tamils at a meeting in Coimbatore.Nedumaran said in the guise of the conference, the DMK leader was trying to unite all anti-Congress political outfits and indirectly trying to threaten Congress at the Centre. \"DMK is cornered by their ally Congress in the 2G spectrum controversy, in which Karunanidhi's family members are getting implicated including his daughter Kanimozhi,\" Nedumaran added.He alleged that the former chief minister and his party chose to keep quiet when lakhs of Lankan Tamils were massacred in Sri Lanka. \"They did not given permission to various Tamil nationalist organisations to convene similar meetings when they were in power in Tamil Nadu,\" Nedumaran said.Karunanidhi had recently decided to revive TESO and take steps to protect the rights of Tamils in Lanka and also the fishermen from the state who faced a threat from the Sri Lankan navy on the high seas frequently.Nedumaran also pointed out that at least 500 fishermen from the state have fallen to Sri Lankan navy's bullets and the issue has to be raised strongly to protect their lives. But DMK had no moral right to fight for their cause since it has always taken a dubious stand in the issue, he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15251462", "title": "University enters into a first public private partnership initiative", "text": "MUMBAI: The University of Mumbai for the first time entered into a public-private partnership (PPP) with a cola giant to set up a community college in rural area.\"The idea is to train students from rural areas as per the industry needs and also to increase their employability. In the first batch around 250 students will be trained and employed by the firm, thus ensuring 100% placements. This will also increase active industrial participation in the university system,\" said an official.The university will design the curriculum for these community colleges. In future, many such industries will be looked as options for PPP in order to increase employability of students. \"It is easier to get corporates these days to invest in such activities as they anyway have to devote a small percentage of their profits towards CSR (corporate social responsibility) activities,\" said a university official.The programme, aimed primarily at skill development, offered by the community college will be of 24 months. The aim of the programme is to create employment opportunities in any locality. It will also promote self employment and small business development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15244093", "title": "38 ultrasound devices sealed in four months", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has sealed 38 sonography machines within a span of four months. Out of the 306 registered sonography machines, 169 are operating at present while the others have been sealed or shut down over various violations. The NMC's has been carrying out its campaign since January to curb female foeticide by keeping a tab on illegal activities at sonography centres. This resulted in sealing close to forty machines till date.Seven doctors have been fined for illegal activities and a total of Rs 3,000 has been collected from them. The exercise is part of the state government's directive to ensure a strict implementation of the Pre Conception and Pre Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act.As part of the initiative the NMC is also raiding centres that do not have trained or qualified personnel using the ultrasound machines. Six squads of the NMC conducted surprise visits to check sonography centres throughout the city with each squad having five doctors and one policeman.Medical officer of the NMC, Dr D B Patil said that even while the irregularities have reduced to a good extent, the drive would continue.He said that some more centres are likely to come under the scanner by this month-end. The sonography centres have also been closed down due to absence of a radiologist, and for improper registration or not being registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15245651", "title": "Staff crisis: MEA urged to hire across services", "text": "NEW DELHI: The foreign office should consider inducting people from other civil services, armed forces and experts from private sector because the Indian Foreign Service (IFS) is woefully understaffed. The ministry of external affairs (MEA) doesn't have enough diplomats to \"anticipate, analyze and act on contemporary challenges\", observes the Naresh Chandra task force report.The informal \"firewall\" between the MEA and defence ministry serves none. The report recommends the setting up of a bureau for political-military affairs in the ministry of defence (MoD).\"The primary role of this bureau would be liaison with the ministry of external affairs on issues and actions having foreign policy applications.\" This, the panel said, could be headed by a joint secretary level officer with diplomatic experience and a keen understanding of strategic issues. There used to be an IFS official, (joint secretary P&C;) in the MoD, who performed a similar function. But not anymore.The report says though the Union Cabinet has agreed to ramp up bench strength of the IFS to 1,800 by 2018, \"the quality of new recruits is often uneven with several recruits refusing to join the MEA. Considerable time and effort has to be expended in training new officers and making them proficient in English.\"The task force also observed that specializations were the new norm in international diplomacy \u2014 \"with specialized tasks overtaking routine bilateral diplomacy, India's foreign policy implementation mechanism needs to gear itself up accordingly.\"The report recommends that Indian embassies and missions, which are required to play a key role in issues such as acquisition of raw materials, hydrocarbons, should be staffed with \"consultants with the requisite technical and technological background, on specified short-term assignments\".The MEA, it says, should consider accepting officials from civil services and armed forces on short duration deputations. There is an added emphasis on enhancing language skills of Indian diplomats.Besides, it is suggested that \"strengths of missions abroad need to be augmented to deal with contemporary challenges, especially in the area of investments and access to resources\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15245406", "title": "Passport can be released if it will help accused get a job: High court", "text": "KOCHI: If surrendering of passports by those accused in criminal cases for securing bail results in deprivation of their livelihood, magistrate courts can release the passports after ensuring that adequate security is furnished, the Kerala high court has ruled.The order was issued by Justice S S Satheesachandran after considering a petition by Sreeju alias Sreejesh of Aroli, near Pappinissery in Kannur. He was charged with attempt to murder following a scuffle in Taliparamba in 2008.One of the conditions imposed by the lower court on him for securing bail was to surrender his passport. This year, when he got a chance to go abroad for job purposes, he applied to the Taliparamba magistrate court for releasing his passport. The court, however, declined to allow his plea.Sreeju then challenged the order through advocate P U Shailajan in the Kerala high court. When the case came up for hearing before Justice Satheesachandran, his counsel argued that an accused could not be deprived of his livelihood on account of the onerous condition imposed on him to grant him bail.Disposing Sreeju's petition, the court directed that if a petitioner moves an application for temporary release of his passport, the magistrate can release it (if that will help him to eke out a living) after ensuring that sufficient security is furnished.The high court, however, didn't find fault with the lower court for declining to release the passport. The trial against the petitioner had to be proceeded separately as he had remained at large even after police had filed the final report. As the delay had been caused by his absence, the magistrate court could not be found fault with for turning down his request for releasing the passport, the court observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "15253943", "title": "HC notice to civic body, state govt for sealing sonography machine in Aurangabad", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Aurangabad bench of the Bombay High Court recently issued notices to the government and the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) in connection with the AMC action to seal a sonography machine at the Jilla Hospital in the city.Percy Jilla, a medical practitioner who runs the Jilla hospital, had approached the high court challenging the AMC action to seal the machine at his hospital. The AMC had sealed 11 sonography machines in the city on July 5 in different parts of the city as part of the civic body's campaign to check unfair use of sonography machines in view of increasing instances of female foeticide.Jilla, who claimed that his hospital did not indulge in unfair practices including female foeticide, said that entire record related to hospital and sonography machine functioning was up-to-date.Rajendra S Deshmukh, the lawyer for Jilla said that the AMC teams had visited the hospital on June 12 and 14 as part of their campaign to check sonography centres. They were shown the record including the register showing the names of pregnant women who had undergone sonography tests.However, on June 18 another health department team from Pune and the AMC staff visited the hospital again. They didn't find the register containing the names of pregnant women who had undergone the sonography tests, because the register was kept in a locker as the the doctor was out of station. The AMC then issued a show cause notice to the hospital on June 21. Deshmukh argued that the health officials could have visited the hospital any other time to inspect the register. Instead, they suddenly sealed the machine on July 5. Following the arguments, the bench comprising Justices B P Dharmadhikari and S P Deshmukh ordered issuance of notice to the government and the municipal corporation and placed the next hearing on the petition on August 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15246229", "title": "Hospital sealing: In protest against MC, all private doctors closed their shops", "text": "PATIALA: To protest against the sealing of a local hospital of a private doctor, all private doctors closed their nursing homes, clinics, ultrasound centers and laboratories in Patiala city on Saturday.Municipal Corporation, Patiala (MC) authorities two days back sealed the hospital of Dr Rajiv Aggarwal and Dr Sarita Aggarwal allegedly without any prior notice to the hospital. More than 200 members of the association gathered at the residence of Aggarwal couple under the banner of Indian Medical Association (IMA) to show solidarity with the Aggarwal couple and to decide their further course of action for getting the hospital unsealed.The doctors formed clinical establishment cell of IMA, Patiala to challenge the sealing of the hospital on legal grounds and demanded immediate intervention by the chief minister Punjab Parkash Singh Badal to solve the problem between doctors and MC authorities . Doctors announced the situation may aggravate in the coming days if government fails to take timely action .When tried to contact assistant commissioner of corporation, he did not attend his mobile.\"Nursing homes and hospitals are in fact essential institutions needed to be established in the residential areas for the immediate and timely medical aid and care to the emergency cases and needy patients. We urge the state government to issue necessary guidelines in this regard as closing down such establishments in haste will paralyze the health services,\" said Dr DS Bhullar, secretary of IMA after meeting with all members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15244738", "title": "Bus owners call off strike, Citu unmoved", "text": "KOLKATA: Bus owners called off their July 31 strike but a question mark looms large over Tuesday's transport strike as Citu \u2014 which controls a section of the transport sector employees - is unmoved even amid sharp fissures in the Left ranks.After a meeting with state transport minister Madan Mitra at Writers' Buildings on Saturday, the Joint Council of Bus Syndicates and the Bengal Bus Syndicate announced that they had deferred their 24-hour state-wide strike on July 31, but insisted that their demands for hike in fares as a fallout of the skyrocketing fuel prices stands.Sadhan Das, president of Joint Council of Bus Syndicates, said, \"For the moment, we are deferring the strike. We have been told by the government that it will dwell on our demand and will take a decision shortly.\"Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee welcomed the move. Speaking at an event in Burdwan, she said, \"The state has had enough of strikes in the past 34 years. No more (strikes).\" Sharp differences also cropped up among the Left trade unions over the state-wide transport strike on July 31 with CPI's labour arm AITUC and RSP's UTUC not supporting CITU strike call.\"We will not support this strike call given by CITU without trying to evolve a consensus by consulting the other Left trade union bodies. This will hamper the atmosphere of Left unity in the state,\" All India Trade Union Congress (AITUC) state general secretary Ranjit Guha said. United Trade Union Congress state secretary Ashok Ghosh said it would not support the strike as the decision for it was taken unilaterally by CITU.Subhash Mukhopadhyay, general-secretary of the Citu-backed West Bengal Road Transport Workers' Federation, however, insisted they'd the backing of 1.5 lakh people. \"The bus owners don't drive their vehicles, employees do. It's a question of their livelihood being stopped for workers. The strike call had been given by us where we've urged all other trade unions to support us. Whether they do that is their call. But all Left trade unions has a protest meeting that day at Rani Rashmoni square from where we will go to submit a deputation to the Governor. The strike would be total and complete.\"Taking a dig at Citu, the state transport minister Madan Mitra said, \"We want to remind them that they are no longer in power. What makes them (Citu) imagine that drivers will take orders from them when they are not in the government?\" Mitra also warned Citu against any kind of disruptive activity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15245382", "title": "Maharaja's College to get Rs 9 crore facelift", "text": "KOCHI: To restore the architectural splendour of Maharaja's College, one of the oldest colleges in the state, authorities have drafted a Rs 9 crore project. District collector P I Sheik Pareeth said a special forum would be constituted under the college development committee to implement the project.The first phase of the project would be dedicated to completing the maintenance of the buildings and construction of drinking water units: Rs 1.2 crore has been earmarked for works like painting the class rooms and the office room. About Rs 35 lakh will be spend on reconstructing the boundary wall.The plan also envisages constructing parking facilities, a common facility centre, sports store, rooms with special facilities for college staff, as well as separate rest rooms for men and women.In addition to this, Rs 1 crore has been earmarked for constructing twelve new classrooms and for making furniture.The renovation of the ground is also on the anvil. Volleyball and basketball courts would be constructed spending Rs 30 lakh. The project also calls for giving a facelift to the college auditorium, as well as re-wiring the entire campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15254332", "title": "Centre for Science and Environment's South Asian Media briefing workshop on climate change", "text": "PUNE: The Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) is organising its annual two-day briefing for South Asian journalists on climate change in New Delhi on November 15-16, 2012.Journalists from India, Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan, Myanmar and Sri Lanka , interested in evaluating, investigating and interpreting the climate debate, are encouraged to apply for the workshop. The briefing is expected to bring to the table the latest in negotiating stances, politics, science and impacts of climate change.The negotiations on climate change continue in Doha this year, where the country heads will try to put back the meandering climate talks on track. Just before the deliberations begin in Doha, the workshop will be held by CSE.Participation at the workshop is open only to active journalists from the countries specified above. There are only 70 seats in the workshop.Interested journalists can apply through e-mail or fax on the format provided. There is no participation or registration fee. To avail of this sponsorship opportunity, interested journalists must apply to CSE. Selection of the participants will be done by CSE. The cut-off date for receiving applications is September 15, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15244666", "title": "Metro rail tunneling work begins", "text": "CHENNAI: Two mammoth tunnel boring machines, each weighing 400 tonnes, began tunneling work for metro rail at Nehru Park in Kilpauk on Saturday. The machines will bore through 939 metres to reach the Egmore station in five months. The first phase of metro rail will run 24km underground with 19 stations along two corridors.Union urban development ministry secretary Sudhir Krishna launched the tunnel boring work on Saturday. The Nehru Park-Egmore stretch lies on the Chennai Central- St Thomas Mount corridor. The contract for construction of twin tunnels on the stretch, including three underground stations at Nehru Park, Kilpauk Medical College and Pachiappa's College, was awarded to Larsen &amp; Toubro, which is in a joint venture with Shanghai Urban Construction Group (SUCG). They have completed 20-metre deep underground shafts to install the machines. The boring machines were lowered into a pit with supporting walls and a one metre-thick basement slab which will bear the machine as it drills forward.As the boring machines function mostly on automatic mode, more than 100 engineers and system experts will be monitoring its work progress at a control centre.Sophisticated machines are being used on the sidelines to check vibrations in nearby buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15250269", "title": "Pakistan's ISI chief to visit US from August 1 to 3", "text": "WASHINGTON: Pakistan's ISI chief Lt Gen Zahir-ul-Islam will visit Washington from August 1 to 3 to hold talks with his CIA counterpart David Petraeus , the first meeting between the spy chiefs amidst persisting tensions between the two countries.\"This will be a service-to-service bilateral visit, wherein he will meet his counterpart General David H Petraeus , director CIA,\" a brief official statement said.On his maiden visit to the US after his appointment as the ISI chief, Islam is expected to raise the issue of continued drone strikes by the US in Pakistan's tribal areas and the recent incidents of cross border raids by militants based in Afghanistan.Islam is also expected to drive down to the Capitol Hill to meet top Congressmen, in particular those members of the intelligence and foreign affairs committees.He is expected to \"strongly articulate\" the viewpoint of ISI to the US lawmakers, who of late have been strongly critical of the spy agency's role in the war against terror.Sources familiar with the preparations of the ISI chief's visit told PTI that Islam is expected to demand an end to drone strikes.In lieu, he is likely to offer to take action against terrorist networks and to \"deploy F-16s\" in the tribal areas, but would seek greater intelligence sharing from the US.For the past few years, the US has been reluctant in sharing intelligence information with Pakistan given its past experience that such information ultimately lands in the lap of the terrorist network or helps them to take preventive action. Pakistan has denied such allegation.Islam was initially scheduled to visit the US in May, but that trip was postponed as the two countries were not able to reach an agreement on the reopening of the ground lines of communications to Afghanistan.Sources said Islam is coming prepared to \"talk tough\" with his American counterparts and with his own set of demands and to do list for the US.As the US prepares to withdraw troops from Afghanistan by 2014, the ISI chief, officials said, would seek assurance from the US that interest of Pakistan would be protected and taken care of.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15246031", "title": "Dehu Road Cantonment Board to restart octroi collection from Aug 3", "text": "PUNE: The Dehu Road Cantonment Board (DCB) is going to restart collecting octroi through its employees after a gap of two months, as the contractor assigned for the task has expressed his inability to collect octroi from August 3 onwards, as he is suffering losses. The cantonment board took a decision to restart octroi collection through its employees at the special cantonment board meeting held on Friday.Meenakshi Shaktawat, Chief Executive Officer, DCB, said the cantonment will restart the octroi collection through its employees from August 3, as the contractor has expressed his inability to do the work, as he is suffering losses. The cantonment will start the process for inviting bids for selecting a new private contractor to perform the work of octroi collection.The private contractor had started the octroi collection in DCB limits from June 1. The contractor had agreed to pay Rs 21 crore as octroi collection charges to the cantonment for a year, whereas the annual octroi collection of the cantonment was only around Rs 16 crore. The contractor had sent a 10-day notice to the DCB stating that it will stop octrio collection from August 3. He was suffering a loss of Rs 1.65 lakh per day and wanted the right to collect fines from octroi evaders. He also wanted the cantonment to reduce the octroi collection target to reduce the losses and land for starting four new octroi posts.Reacting to it, Shaktawat said, \"The CEO has the right to collect the fines from octroi evaders and these powers are non-transferable as per the Cantonment Act, 2006. This was pointed out to the contractor.\"Sanjay Pinjan, vice-president, DCB, resigned from his post after a no-confidence motion was moved by other members. As a result, elections were held to the post of vice-president on Friday. Ashok Shelar, member, DCB, said Sanjay Raut has been elected unopposed for the post.Shelar added that the cantonment had invited bids to allot contract for the maintenance of the water treatment plants. The old contractor had quoted Rs 77,000 per month while the second contractor had quoted a rate of Rs 1 lakh per month. Both these rates are too low.Brig VP Shahi, who presided over the meeting, said the contractor's rates are too and he will not be paying his employees as per the minimum wages act. So the legal opinion will be sought in this matter.Shaktawat confirmed that the cantonment will be taking legal opinion about the allotment of the contract as the rates are too low.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15253115", "title": "'Shuttlecock Boys' to release on Aug 3", "text": "Indie filmmaker Hemant Gaba's debut work \" Shuttlecock Boys\" was a test he wanted to pass desperately and after several hitches including damage to its negatives the film is all set to hit theatres next month.The film revolves around the lives, successes and failures of four friends who hail from lower middle class backgrounds in Delhi and who play badminton every night.\"For me, 'Shuttlecock Boys' has been a test. A test that I wanted to pass. I was optimistic but never sure if we will be able to pull off the project,\" Gaba told PTI about his venture made with a budget of just Rs 35 lakh.\"It's is about courage, determination and destiny. It took 2.5 years to get made and 1.5 years to get released in theatres. And it's the journey of characters in the film that has kept our optimism alive till date. Had we had lost it, we wouldn't have made it this far and actually release it in theatres,\" he says about the film's August 3 release under PVR Director's Cut Rare Initiative.Gaba quit his IT job and with friend Pankaj Johar started their production house Penny Wise Films.\"Before production, our only objective was to get through the shooting. We didn't even plan about how and where we are going to edit our film or who is going to compose the music. During post-production, our only target was to finish the film. We didn't plan how we will showcase or exhibit the film,\" he says.However in post production, the film negatives were ruined in a post production lab in Mumbai.\"They refused to fix the damage, instead asked for money to restore it... this phase lasted for 9-10 months... that was the time when we thought we may not be able to complete our step of post-production. But we finally managed to pull that off too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "15245781", "title": "PM announces Rs 300 crore relief for victims of Assam violence", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday announced a Rs 300-crore special central assistance for relief and rehabilitation of people affected and displaced in the four riot-hit districts of Bodoland after visiting two relief camps near Kokrajhar.The PM said he would also order a probe into the trigger for the ethnic and communal clashes. \"We must also address the causes of the conflict. If the conflict has been instigated, the guilty must be punished. I will order an inquiry and the Centre will work closely with the state,\" he said.The PM visited two relief camps in the vicinity of Kokrajhar town \u2014 one housing Muslims and the other having Bodo inmates. \"I am very sad,\" he said, after visiting the relief camp at Bhotgaon. He added, \"It will take a few days to restore complete normalcy. This conflict iss desh ke mathe par kalangk (a blot on nation).\"The situation in the four worst-hit districts of Kokrajhar, Chirang, Bongaigaon and Dhubri remained calm for the third day on Saturday but the tension was as high after eight more bodies were recovered. The death toll now at 53 in the violence that erupted on July 20. The number of inmates in the 270 relief camps has also increased to four lakhs on Saturday. The assistance package includes Rs 100 crore for relief and rehabilitation efforts, another Rs 100 crore as special plan assistance for development in the affected areas and Rs 100 crore more under Indira Awas Yojana.Singh also announced Rs 2 lakh for families of those who died in the violence and Rs 50,000 to those injured from the PM's National Relief Fund. He said Rs 30,000 would be given to rebuild houses that have been completely damaged and Rs 20,000 for the partially damaged ones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15245987", "title": "Sangli college gets centre of excellence for engineering services", "text": "PUNE: The city-based Global Talent Track (GTT), an education initiative by industry, academia and technology professionals, announced here on Saturday the launch of a first-of-its-kind Centre of Excellence (CoE) for engineering services in western India, at the Rajarambapu Institute of Technology (RIT) in Sangli district.The new CoE will offer add-on training courses to engineering students from Sangli, Kolhapur and Satara districts, in product lifecycle management (PLM) software, which is widely used by the industry in planning, designing, manufacturing and servicing of a product.\"A prime focus will be on providing skills for enhancing employability of these students and ensure trained manpower for the industry,\" GTT's vice-president for university alliance Pravir Kumar told reporters.A tripartite MoU between GTT, RIT and Siemens PLM Software, which will provide the PLM software, training content and certification, has facilitated the new centre, which goes functional from August 1.\"We plan to set up 20 similar CoEs at colleges selected under the World Bank-funded technical education quality improvement programme (TEQIP), across India in the next six months,\" he added.Sushma Kulkarni, director of RIT, which is an autonomous institution selected under the TEQIP, said, \"The CoE is a part of our experiential learning model. While PLM software is taught in theory at colleges, the industry often requires graduates, who were equipped with hands-on training experience.\"She said, \"For students from Sangli and adjoining districts, it is often a time-consuming and costly matter to travel to bigger cities like Pune for training in PLM software. The students will now train at the RIT and will have the option of selecting either one of the five training modules, which will be offered as add-on course for fees ranging between Rs 6,000 to Rs 12,000.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15252252", "title": "Hunting the hunter", "text": "In a remote patch of Uttarakhand , poaching is so rampant that leopard skins and rare animal parts are sold from tea stalls. Along with a team of wildlife activists, Sunday Times helps track and pin down a notorious poacher. Here's how it happenedAt a tea stall on a hilly road in Uttarakhand, a little query like \"What else do you have apart from tea?\" gets a shocking answer. \"Leopard skins,\" says the stall owner, without batting an eyelid. The man has obviously mistaken us - this reporter and Sharma, an enforcement agent with the Wildlife Trust of India (WTI), an NGO in Delhi that works with the authorities to nab poachers and illegal traders - for people who buy skins and other body parts of wild animals.In this area of wooded hills, slippery dirt tracks and villages hidden behind thick green cover, getting a lead on poachers is not easy. Here a cluster of villages - Hanol, Chadra, Tiuni, Parola - have become the epicenter of poaching, especially of leopards, musk deers and bears. Located on the border of Uttarakhand's Govind Wildlife Sanctuary - a valley through which the Tons River flows, the villages are also close to the state's boundary with Himachal Pradesh. Their location gives a perfect cover to the poachers who kill at will and vanish.These criminals have their eyes everywhere . Laying a trap for them by trying to strike a 'deal' for animal skin can lead to one getting hunted himself. During two such 'deals' in 2011, Sharma had almost got lynched when the poachers realized that it was a trap. For an enforcement agent, entering a village alone is dangerous . \"Almost every house here has at least one leopard skin. But going into the villages is risky because the villagers can spot the headlights of an approaching car from a distance and alert the poachers ,\" says Sharma.But the villagers too are victims of their conditions. Dependent on farming and animal husbandry, they have been trapped in poverty for as long as they can remember. In this area, where the poachers call the shots, the villagers or the actual hunters hardly make any money. The real killing is made by the middle-men and traders who deal with their rich buyers at home and abroad.Chasing a lead, we meet Sharma's informers who update us on two 'deals' they have struck. One involves two villagers who have killed a leopard and want to trade the skin; the other deal involves Shyam Prasad, a notorious poacher who has already been arrested twice.It has taken the informer months to win Prasad's confidence. The criminal has a dried gall bladder or the bear-bile (BB) of a Himalayan black bear. The BB is small enough to fit in one's palm. Used in Chinese traditional medicine, its demand has almost trebled here because of tightening of screws in China over the cruel practice of bile farming from live, caged bears. So, now it's being supplied from India. \"He's had it for a while. But he's smart. He's hinted that he might have a leopard skin on him and the BB is just a test to confirm the authenticity of the buyer,\" whispers the informer. This revelation is followed by another from Sharma. Prasad's wife worked with the radio section of the forest department and in the past he has managed to avoid arrest because of crucial information leaked to him.Next day, the informer returns. \"I know where the bear-bile is hidden and he's ready to sell it. But we'll have to go into his house.\" On hearing this, Sharma springs into action and informs the forest department officials and police about the lead on the poacher. They are willing to help, but the risks of working in these villages with limited resources makes them jittery. But Sharma has a plan: the informer would get Prasad \"ready\" and the team would walk out of the village before the villagers set up a resistance.Then, armed with a search warrant for Prasad's house, our team and a group of rangers, who are visibly nervous, enter the village. \"After such arrests, there is inevitably some violence,\" grumbles a ranger, clutching onto the sole rifle the whole group has. He isn't wrong.But finding Prasad is not too tough. He is sprawled on a cot, cradling a bottle of rum with a sharpened dagger on one side. The rangers arrest him without any resistance and locate the BB inside his house. But the villagers begin to gather on the narrow path that leads to our car. It is time to leave the scene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15244858", "title": "Studio came to Saurashtra in 1920s", "text": "RAJKOT: A decade after Bollywood produced its first film Raja Harishchandra in 1913, two brothers - Champakrai and Vijayshankar Pattani started a production house in a non-conspicuous village in Saurashtra.Lodhwad, situated 30 kilometers from Rajkot, witnessed its first film production in 1923 in famous 'Samudra Manthan'. It was the first film made by the Pattani brothers under the banner of Saurashtra Film Company. History has it that the camera tricks and special effects used in this film led the Royal Photographic Society of England to make film's cinematographer, Champakrai its honourary associate in 1925. He was the first Indian to get this honour.The Pattanis were from Kotda-Sangani village. Their zeal to make films inspired the minister of Bhavnagar State - Sir Prabhashankar Pattani to extend financial help of Rs 1.5 lakh to fund a film company. Thus, Saurashtra Cinematography Co was born, which was later renamed as Saurashtra Film Co. They purchased generators and also established a laboratory in Lodhwad village. Jawaharlal Nehru paid a visit to the studio. His sister Vijayalaxmi Pandit often used to come to this studio, since her husband Ranjitram Pandit was a solicitor for the company.Vijayshankar's grandson, Piyush Parasharya recounts that the film company lasted for seven years, but in that short span, produced seven silent feature films and as many documentaries. \"The film company had issued shares and generated Rs 5 lakh of capital as well. After the completion of the films, board of directors and members of royal families were invited to watch the films at the preview theatre in the village,\" Parasharya says.This film company, though far from the hub , attracted talent from Mumbai. One of the leading personalities who detached himself from the leading film company - Kohinoor for Saurashtra was first professional film director, Kanji Rathod. It was this Dalit who directed the third film of Saurashtra banner, Anath Abla (1925). Among others to come from Bombay was ace cinematographer Chimanlal Luhar.'Anath Abla' released in Pathey theatre in Mumbai was a hit and ran for two weeks . The renowned film actress of that time, Ermeline acted in two of Saurashtra's films - Sanam Ni Shodh ma and Kalabaj Ashak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15245304", "title": "CBI opposes Brahmananda Reddy's bail plea", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI on Saturday filed a counter opposing the bail plea of K V Brahmananda Reddy, the former secretary of the AP Investment Infrastructure Corporation Ltd (APIIC). Brahmananda Reddy was arrested in connection with the Vanpic agreement in Jagan's illegal assets case.The CBI in its contention said, as an authorized signatory of the AP government in the Vanpic agreement K V Brahmananda Reddy, the Indian Railway officer who on deputation was heading the AP's Investment and Infrastructure wing as its secretary at the time of the agreement between the states of AP andwith Ras Al Khaimah, Brahmananda was aware of his wrong-doing but ensured knew that he was doing a wrong thing by ensuringthat the lands were acquired and transferred to Vanpic Projects Ltd instead of the officially-specified company called Vanpic Ports Ltd. This was the contention of the CBI in its counter filed in the trial court opposing the bail plea of the officer who was arrested by the agency in the Vanpic episode of the Jagan assets case.Despite knowing all the details of the project, he acted in a manner that jeopardized the interests of the state, H Venkatesh, the CBI SP and the chief investigating officer in the Jagan's assets case, said.The CBI said that Brahmananda Reddy had written letters to the collectors of Guntur and Prakasam districts to handover lands to Vanpic projects Ltd of Nimmagadda Prasad, another prime accused in the case. This was in contrast to the decision of the then cabinet, he said.In fact, as many as 18,878 acres of land went into the hands of Vanpic Projects even without the state getting anything in return, the SP said. Moreover, Brahma played a key role in reducing the share of RAK and brought in Navayuga Engineering company in an unauthorized manner without the prior approval of the AP government. This was done due to indiscriminate and unauthorized changes made to the concession agreement, Venkatesh said.While the original concession agreement makes it mandatory to vest all lands in the state after the completion of the agreement period, the accused made unlawful and unofficial changes to the effect that they remain with the company, the CBI SP said. Even when the authorities tried to rectify the changes and mistakes, Nimmagadda Prasad stonewalled their efforts through his objections, the CBI officer said and urged the court to reject the bail plea as Brahma, being an influential man, would certainly influence the witnesses and tamper with the evidence if let out at this stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15246908", "title": "Chill pill out of stock", "text": "Most Indians on a holiday spend at least 3 hours a day getting connected to the world they have left behind. Will our vacations ever be the same again? It seemed like the perfect holiday. When 29-year-old Aditya Basu Sinha, an engineer in Pune, decided to take a week-long holiday in Kashmir with his girlfriend, he thought it would be the getaway he'd been waiting for months. After all, working in a leading automobile company is stressful. But he simply couldn't resist plugging in and keeping in touch with his friends and contacts. \"We would keep updating our holiday plans and pictures on Facebook and checking office mails out of sheer habit. By the time the vacation ended, I realized that despite visiting a beautiful place, I had hardly felt I had taken a vacation.\"Sinha isn't alone. There are many who take a break from their hectic, maddening jobs for a holiday but simply can't cut the strings that tie them to it. Recent studies have proved this. Neither can people fully enjoy their vacations nor can they dissociate themselves from their daily grind, thanks to an overdose of social networking , BlackBerry messaging and emailing.A recent survey by workplace solutions provider Regus found that most Indians tried to squeeze in at least three hours everyday getting connected during holidays. A holiday without their pet gadgets seems just impossible, the survey found. Similarly, a survey commissioned by AA Tourism in New Zealand found that 80% checked their personal emails while on holiday. Four in 10 respondents even monitored business emails.Britain was just as plugged in. A study by Gocompare.com revealed that almost 50% of 18 to 35-year-old couldn't relax during holidays unless they checked their mails. Even Michigan State University investigators found that tourists check their phones, tablets and laptops as much as they apply sunscreen on holidays.But in the process of trying to get that perfect picture for your social network profile, the larger picture is lost, feel travel firms. Madhav Pai, COO, Leisure Travel (Outbound), Thomas Cook , India, says: \"It's true that many Indians find it difficult to switch off. Our tour managers have confirmed that not only do our customers check emails, but are now increasingly uploading images and comments via social media and micro-blogging platforms while on trips.\"Rajiv Duggal, MD, Kuoni India, agrees. \"Putting up pictures and sharing their holiday experiences give many holidayers a sense of satisfaction. But they should focus more on the moment so as to enjoy their holiday experience ,\" he says.It's not just youngsters who are bitten by the bug of publicizing and showing off their vacations. The older generation is just as smitten . Manish Kalra, marketing head, Make-MyTrip , says, \"While it's true that digital natives are mainly teenagers and young professionals , the 'crackberry' syndrome affects mid-level and senior executives, too, as they are unable to break away from work-related correspondence via their mo bile devices.\" Of course, many offices also expect their employees to be always available and up-to-date with pro fessional matters. How then, can anyone truly break away? Also, says Rahul Gupta, CEO, Creative Children Media with the trend of getting in stant emails in phones, one tends to look at them no matter where.So what is the solution? Rajita Singh, Head, HR, Broadridge Financials Solutions, feels that planning is the key. \"Be disciplined and finish your work on time so that you can avoid unpleasant situations while on vacation.\"However, experts say the process of weaning oneself away from the traps of hyper connectivity should begin daily and be cultivated over a period of time. Mumbai-based social psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty suggests, \"Start with daily breaks - one hour everyday when you just enjoy a cup of coffee, a good book or indulge in hobbies like painting. Master the art of doing nothing because it as essential as doing something . Practice meditation. Go for short breaks for a day or two. For instance, a day spent in front of a mountain or a lake with your beloved can work wonders. Only when you know how to enjoy small breaks will you be able to have fun during longer vacations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "15244604", "title": "Woman burnt alive in front of daughters", "text": "MALDA: The failure to give birth to a son and the inability to fulfill her husband and in-laws' demand for money cost a woman her life. She was burnt alive allegedly by her husband and in-laws in front of her minor daughters on Friday night. The victim, a resident of Khejurbona village, succumbed to her injuries on Saturday morning. The woman's mother has lodged a complaint but the accused have gone into hiding.The victim, Jahiran Biwi, married Serajul Islam, a labourer, seven years back. They had two daughters - Tamanna, 5, and Sahamida, 2.Jahiran's mother Aisanur Biwi said, \"Since the birth of the younger daughter, my daughter was being tortured by her husband and in-laws. She was beaten up and abused for her failure to deliver a son.\" The torture stopped for a while after complaints were made against Serajul at Malda police station.Jahiran was also asked to get money from her parents to bring up the daughters. Initially, Aisanur met her son-in-law's demand. \"But a few days back, he demanded Rs 5,000 which was beyond our capacity. This triggered them to start torturing my daughter again,\" the victim's mother said.On Friday, Jahiran was set ablaze in her house. Tamanna told police that her grandmother and aunt poured kerosene on her mother, while her father set Jahiran on fire.While the daughters looked on helplessly, Jahiran ran out of the house with flames all over her body, crying for help. Her neighbours rushed to her rescue and rushed her to a hospital. Jahiran succumbed to her injuries on Saturday morning.Aisanur lodged a complaint against Serajul, his parents Nemaj Ali and Salekha Biwi, his brothers Tinku and Rinku and sister Tajo.Police have initiated a probe but nobody has been arrested yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15243459", "title": "CM's plane fails to land at flood-hit Yavatmal", "text": "NAGPUR: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who was scheduled to tour flood-affected areas in Yavatmal district on Saturday, had to call off his tour as his aircraft failed to land at Yavatmal airport because of poor visibility and bad weather.Chavan was to visit the areas along with EGS minister Nitin Raut, who is also guardian minister of Yavatmal. Heavy rains in the last few days have caused damage to crops in over 200 villages in three talukas of the district. Among the worst hit by flooding of waters from Arunavati dam are Ghatanji taluka, villages of Akole Bazar, Kole Buzurg, Hivri, Borgaon and Manjurda.\"After repeated attempts, the plane could not land at Yavatmal airport due to poor visibility. Chavan later reached Nagpur airport,\" said Raut, who was accompanying the CM on the plane from Mumbai. After landing at Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar Airport here, Chavan spent nearly 90 minutes waiting for the ATC clearance to fly back to Yavatmal. But the cloudy conditions and low visibility rendered it impossible. Because of his unexpected detour to the city, there was no official or party man to receive him at the airport. However, they rushed to the airport later.According to Raut, the chief minister was so keen on the tour that he was ready to travel by road, but was advised against it as the condition of roads was bad because of heavy rains in Yavatmal area. So, Chavan called off his visit and returned to Mumbai, he said. The CM may tour the district after the situation improves in a couple of days, he said.Social justice minister Shivajirao Moghe, minister of state for finance Rajendra Mulak and Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee chief Manikrao Thakre, who were waiting at the Yavatmal airport to receive Chavan, visited the flood-hit Akole Bazar village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "15245744", "title": "PM gives Rs 300 crore aid to riot-hit districts", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday announced a Rs 300-crore special central assistance for relief and rehabilitation of people affected and displaced in the four riot-hit districts of Bodoland after visiting two relief camps near Kokrajhar.The Prime Minister said he would also order an enquiry into the causes that led to the clash. \"We must also address the causes of the conflict. If the conflict has been instigated, the guilty must be punished. I will order an enquiry and the central government will work closely with the state government to ensure this,\" he said.Singh's flight from Guwahati, along with chief minister Tarun Gogoi by an Indian Air Force chopper, was delayed after the first flight had to be abandoned, about 15 minutes into air, following a technical snag in the helicopter in which he was travelling.The Prime Minister visited two relief camps in the vicinity of Kokrajhar town - one housing Muslims and the other having Bodo inmates. \"I am very saddened,\" he said, after visiting the relief camp at Bhotgaon. He added, \"It will take a few days to restore complete normalcy. This conflict is desh ke mathe par kalangk (shame on nation).\"Announcing the central assistance, the Prime Minister said, \"I am visiting Assam in very tragic circumstances. The pain and sufferings of such a large number of people have saddened all of us. The ethnic conflict must come to an end. We are one people, one nation and must live together as such. We must restore peace and calm throughout the area and I ask all of you to work with the government to ensure this.\"The Prime Minister's assistance include Rs 100 crore for relief and rehabilitation efforts, another Rs 100 crore as special plan assistance for development in the affected areas and Rs 100 crore more under Indira Awas Yojana.The PM also announced Rs 2 lakh to the families of those who died in the violence and Rs 50,000 to those injured from the Prime Minister's National Relief Fund. He said Rs 30,000 would be given to rebuild houses that have been completely damaged and Rs 20,000 for the partially damaged ones.The Prime Minister, later, held discussions with the Bodoland Territorial Council leadership, citizens, social groups and student organizations of both the communities.Officials said two special medical teams have been dispatched by a special aircraft from Delhi on Friday evening. Two senior officers from the ministry of drinking water and sanitation have also been deputed to ensure satisfactory arrangements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15244796", "title": "5 students held for abduction", "text": "CHENNAI: Five students and a former student of a college on the city outskirts have been arrested for kidnapping another former student of the same college in a car on Friday.The incident has once again brought to light the functioning of admission rackets in private engineering colleges in the city.Police said Pappu alias Mohapatra,25, who allegedly secured engineering seats for aspirants for a commission and owed money to many people, was dragged out of an autorickshaw at Valasaravakkam and taken away in a car.The autorickshaw driver immediately rang up police and informed them the car registration number.Police soon arrested B Tech students Thanmyn Rajan Bhowa, 22, Anilkumar Jaiswal, 23, Kiran Prasa, 22, Sashank Saksena, 21, Sriram Thothud, 22, and a former student Suraj, 25. All the arrested are from Odisha, police said.Pappu took away 35,000, a cheque and some documents of Pratap Singh who had come to him for a seat in an engineering college but gave Suraj a separate 'commission.'Singh then approached Suraj who decided to bring Pappu to Saligramam to get back the cash and documents. As per a plan, Thanmyn called Pappu to Saligramam and he came in an auto. Seeing Thanmyn in a car often used by Suraj, Pappu asked the auto driver to speed away but the others cornered the auto and abducted Pappu. The auto driver informed police.\"Special teams traced the car owner, Prem Anand, who said his son had given the car to his friend Prashant Raja. When questioned, Raja directed us to Vijaya Pandi of Chromepet. Vijaya Pandi said he gave the vehicle to his friend Suraj of Saligramam. Finally, we found the car parked near an apartment in Saligramam,\" south Chennai joint commissioner of police K P Shanmuga Rajeswaran said.Police teams barged into the house and nabbed all the six kidnappers and rescued Pappu. The arrested were later remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15245691", "title": "Six Chinese nationals, three others held for holding 'recruitment' in Sikar", "text": "JAIPUR: Nine men including six Chinese nationals were detained on charges of violating immigration laws by holding a recruitment camp without proper permission in Sikar on Friday. They confessed to their crime before a court on Saturday. The court slapped a fine of Rs 2,000 on each and released them.According to the police, Union ministry of overseas Indian affairs had given permission to a Mumbai-based placement agency -- Alsafia Manpower Consultant Limited -- to hold recruitment of labourers to work in two foreign-based companies.\"The permission was to hold the recruitment camp in Jaipur on Saturday. However, agency representatives held the camp in Old Transport Nagar area in Sikar on Friday. They did not have any permission regarding this,\" said addl SP, Sikar, Sharat Choudhary.It was mandatory for the placement agency to take separate permissions for conducting the drive for separate companies from Protector of Emigrants but it sought permission only for 'Takania Al Itkan' not for the Chinese company but conducted interviews for both the companies, they said.Besides, the permission for Takania Al Itkan was granted by the Protector of Emigrants for July 28 but the interviews were held on Saturday, which was also a violation of rules, police officials said.Choudhary said that the interviews were held by six Chinese nationals. \"Four of them had come to India on a tourist visa, while two others had business visa,\" said the officer.The officer said that the police got a tip-off about the recruitment camp and raided the place. \"There was a huge crowd of applicants. Nine people including the six Chinese were detained under the Immigration Act. Their passports were seized,\" said the officer.Choudhary said that all the nine people were produced before the additional chief judicial magistrate (ACJM) and released on bail.\"We wanted to close the case as there was a possibility that the Chinese nationals would never appear again before the court for trial. So we filed a chargesheet on Saturday afternoon. The court held the trial on the same day. They confessed to the crime. On this, the court slapped a fine of Rs 2,000 on each of them and ordered their release. Their passports were also returned to them,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15245924", "title": "Green signal for Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to anti-encroachment drive", "text": "PUNE: The path has been cleared for the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC)'s anti-encroachment drive against the ongoing unauthorised constructions in the township and those on plots reserved under the development plan (DP). The decision was taken at a meeting held with the deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar in Pune on Saturday.Pimpri-Chinchwad mayor Mohini Lande, in a meeting with civic chief Shrikar Pardeshi on July 17, had demanded that the civic administration suspend the anti-encroachment drive till a decision was taken at the meeting with Pawar.Mangala Kadam, ruling party leader, PCMC, who attended Saturday's meeting, said the civic body would remove unauthorised constructions on the plots reserved under the DP. It would also act against ongoing illegal constructions and those built after March 31, 2012. The constructions in the floodline areas will also be removed.Discussions about the unauthorised constructions in Pimpri-Chinchwad were held for nearly two hours. A senior civic official confirmed the decision taken at the meeting.Lande, Pardeshi, MLAs Vilas Lande, Lakshman Jagtap and Anna Bansode, civic office-bearers and other officials attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15244794", "title": "No sale of Balaram Resort as of now, says court", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city civil court has granted stay on the sale or mortgage of Balaram Palace Resorts, Banaskantha till August 7 and issued notice to the Thakkar brothers demanding a reply by the same date.Complainant in this case, Praful Thaker moved the court expressing apprehension that the owners of Gopi Restaurant - Rajendra and Dilip Thakkar may sell the property in question, on which they had borrowed money. He claimed before the court that the Thakkar brothers with intention to obstruct and delay the execution of any decree that may be passed against them were about to dispose off the property which had been offered as security in the promissory note. tnnPraful sought court's directions that the Thakkar brothers should be made to furnish a security to the satisfaction to extent of Rs 1.35 crore or attach the property.He has complained before cops that he was duped of this amount by the brothers.After hearing the plea, the court issued notice and stayed sale of the property till the next date of hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15245045", "title": "Fake tiger claws selling like hot cakes in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: There may not be more than 100 tigers in the state but there are thousands of tiger claws being bought and sold in city's jewellery shops. Tiger claws, traditionally considered as a good luck charm and believed to bring powers of gallantry, are in big demand in the city. This has resulted in many jewellery shop owners selling fake tiger claws which are too 'real' to differentiate. Surprisingly, these fake claws are being sold for as less as Rs 2,000 to as high as Rs 1 lakh depending on how 'authentic' they look.Quite a few jewellery shops in Abids, Secunderabad, Old City and other areas of the city have been doing brisk business by resorting to this illegal activity. However, these are only sold to customers who are trusted by the jewellery shop owners.A visit to most shops selling these claws reveal how 'real' the fake claws can look. When asked about the genuineness of a claw sold for Rs 5,000, the owner of a jewellery store located in Abids said, \"It is a real tiger nail and this is the last one left. If you want to test and see if it is original or not, just try burning it since an original one does not burn.\" Another store owner in Ameerpet who was selling the tiger nail with a gold locket worth Rs 25,000 said, \"The colour and marks on the nail that we sell proves it is an original tiger nail.\"A customer requesting anonymity, who had recently bought a tiger nail along with a locket for his new born said, \"I bought the tiger nail for Rs 40,000 not only because the shop owner vouched for its authenticity but because it had hair strands which resembled original tiger hair. Without going much in to the details of whether it is original or not, I bought it as it is supposed to bring good luck.\"The catch here is that it is very difficult to identify a real tiger nail visually and according to forest department officials it can only be confirmed by sending the nail for a DNA test. With the availability of tiger nails becoming almost impossible even in the black market, various ways of duplicating the tiger claws have come to the fore.The most common are claws made out of cattle horns. To get the perfect look of the tiger nail, a piece of the cattle horn is shaped and polished in such a manner that it attains the colour and a curve similar to the original nail. When contacted, the forest officials said they cannot do much as the matter is beyond their purview.V Tirumala Rao, forest range officer, anti-poaching squad said, \"As far as we are concerned we have not come across any incident of sale of real tiger claw. If someone is selling a fake tiger claw and claiming it to be original, the cheated consumers should contact the local police. It does not attract punishment under the Wildlife Act.\"Praveen Kumar , secretary, twin cities jewellers association said that though they are following a strict policy of not encouraging any such sales, there may be a few jewellers who might be resorting to such activity. \"Though we have customers who ask for tiger nails, we clearly tell them our job is to make jewellery. Since it is illegal to sell any body part of wild and exotic animals we even discourage other jewelers from cheating customers,\" he added \"There may be however a few who might be doing it for money,\" he admitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15245749", "title": "When canine beauties strike a different pose", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Kanakakunu Palace played host to a fashion show with a difference on Saturday. The participants were pet dogs. The fashion show was organized as part the annual aqua and pet show.Scores of pet dogs, mostly of foreign pedigree, were presented in the show by pet lovers from different parts of the state. While the unusually ornate pet dogs in different size and colour appeared hilarious in their natural gestures, the organizers of the event and the dog owners were seen sweating hard to avoid the possibility of a pandemonium.A variety of animals, including Persian cats and Kasargod dwarf cows, birds and ornamental fishes are the major attractions of the show.\"The common concept of a pet being a dog or cat or may be a cow or hen is old news; today people want iguanas and hamsters to be their friends. This change is evident in the pet show,\" said R Raghunath, a retired government servant and an avid pet lover who visited the show on Saturday.Many children who visited the show were keen to click pictures with the Persian cats, while the mothers seemed interested to pose with pugs or labradors.The show will conclude on July 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15243222", "title": "Anna to start fast-unto-death from today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The weekend brought some cheer to Team Anna with the crowd at Jantar Mantar swelling to over 7,000 and the prospect of a bigger gathering on Sunday as Anna Hazare himself begins a fast-unto-death. A dash to 7 Race Course Road, the Prime Minister's residence, by over 100 supporters of Team Anna \u2014 with pieces of coal in hand signifying the coal scam and coins to 'bribe' the government for setting up an SIT to probe corruption charges against ministers \u2014 signalled a distinct change in strategy.The scene of action, however, remained Jantar Mantar, where intermittently throughout the day, reporters were given a hard time by the crowd. Media reports on the thin attendance in the past three days were pooh-poohed from the stage. Journalists were taunted, abused and, at one point, even surrounded by the crowd. \"Those saying there aren't enough people at Jantar Mantar don't have the vision to see the support for the movement,\" said Anna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15254720", "title": "South-west monsoon weak in 21 out of 30 districts in Karnataka", "text": "MANGALORE: Rainfall was widespread in three districts; fairly widespread in three others; scattered in three districts; isolated in 16 districts; negligible in five districts in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Sunday. South-west monsoon was normal in nine districts, and weak in 21 districts. Heavy rain was recorded in four districts, rather heavy rain in four others, moderate rain in eight, light rain in nine and very light rain in five others.Shishila in Belthangady taluk in Dakshina Kannada district recorded maximum rainfall of 112mm in the above mentioned last 24-hours. Rainfall over Karnataka the above period is considered as isolated since 25% of hoblis and grampanchayats recorded rainfall of greater than or equal to 2.5mm. Widespread, moderate to heavy rain was recorded in Kodagu, Udupi and Dakshina Kannada districts; KSNDMC, Bangalore stated.Fairly widespread, moderate to heavy rain was received in Gulbarga, Uttara Kannada and Shimoga districts; scattered, moderate to rather heavy rain in Chikkaballapur, Yadgir and Chikmagalur districts; isolated, light to moderate rain received in Bijapur, Bagalkot, Bangalore Urban, Ramanagara, Davanagere, Hassan, Mandya, Belgaum, Bidar, Dharwad, Haveri, Chitradurga, Raichur, Tumkur, Gadag and Kolar districts.Karnataka for the period June 1 to July 29 has recorded deficit rainfall of 38%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 455.4mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, state received 284.4mm rainfall. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on July 29, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received 4.1mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 8.4mm, a deficit of 51%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "15245633", "title": "Train service in hill section resumes after 33 days", "text": "SILCHAR: Train services in the Lumding-Silchar section of North-east Frontier Railway is set to resume on Sunday after a gap of 33 days.Landslips caused by torrential rain in nearly 100 places along the route caused disruption of train service since June 26, causing extreme sufferings to people of this region. A spokesman of NF Railway said 15691 Dn/15692 Up Lumding - Silchar - Lumding Cachar Express and 15695 Dn Lumding - Agartala Express will resume service from Sunday. The 15693 Dn/15694 Up Lumding - Silchar Barak Valley Express and 15696 Up Agartala - Lumding Express will resume service from Monday. Partial train services between Lumding and Lower Halflong was resumed on July 25 with the running of Hill Queen Express.With this, the existing service of UP/DN passenger special train running between Badarpur &amp; Harangajao will be withdrawn from Monday, the spokesman added.Southern Assam, Tripura, Mizoram and parts of Manipur are cut off in terms of railway connectivity from the rest of the country for over a month due to landslides in 91 odd places along the 171 km-stretch between Mandardisa and Damcherra stations on the Lumding-Silchar section. Over 3,000 passengers were stranded in different stations and they were later evacuated gradually.Landslide in the Lumding-Silchar section, which runs through the Borail hill range, is a common phenomenon during the monsoon. In 2010, the route was closed for railway traffic for 34 days after a 300 metre track between Harangajao and Maliongdisa was washed away in landslides. In 2004, the route was closed for four months due to landslips.The NH-6, connecting the region with Guwahati, is also not reliable during rains as areas in Meghalaya are prone to frequent landslides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15245489", "title": "CCTV cameras to be installed at MP Board of Secondary Education", "text": "BHOPAL: In order to keep a watch on touts, who are out to swindle students, CCTV cameras would soon be installed at the office of the Madhya Pradesh Board of Secondary Education (MPBSE). This is for the first time in the history of the MPBSE that such an initiate has been taken to bring in improvements in its functioning.Newly appointed secretary of MPBSE Santosh Misra told TOI, \"Since the board office is a very sensitive place, CCTV cameras would be installed soon. The CCTV cameras would be installed at all the important places, including the main entrance, reception and complaint cell. I would personally monitor the feed from these cameras.\"When the secretary would be in the meetings, the charge would be either with additional secretary or the footage would be recorded for further perusal. This new system is expected to be implemented within a month's time.\"Every day, almost 300 people come to the MPBSE for various purposes like corrections in the marksheet. It has come to our notice that 'middlemen' or touts intervene and they assure the students as well as their parents that they can get the job done easily at a cost. The cameras would be installed to check such malpractices,\" he said.For the same reason, the complaint cell would have three class I officers, who have been allotted different divisions and would provide the status of the application within a day besides getting them corrected to the extent possible. Besides, corrections like date of birth and name would be changed within 10 days. Then no middlemen would be able to ply the tricks, he added.\"The cameras would also help monitor the internal staff in various sections at the board office. This would add to accountability of the staff,\" said Misra.He added that episodes like the immolation bid of Arti Pandey could also be prevented. \"Often small problems are snowballed into big ones before reaching me. Also, there are private sections, where no outsider is allowed for maintaining privacy. These shall also be safeguarded,\" he added.Currently, the executive engineer has been asked to identify major sensitive places. \"Tenders for the same would be floated soon. The chairman would also be taken into confidence,\" said Misra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15254399", "title": "Manisha Koirala ends her marriage finally", "text": "The wise men say that the lifestyle of an actress tends to be filled with so much of attention and glamor craving that at one point they find it difficult to adjust to the life of a normal woman. That is one reason why most of the starlets who have been part of the industry for long are not successful with their marriages.Of course, there are exceptions like Ramya Krishnan, Simran, Jothika and others but here is the story of one actress who had a rather soft start to her career, went to the peak where she got wild and now is paying the price for it. She is none other than Manisha Koirala and news is that she has finally called off her marriage.She got married to the noted businessman Samrat Dahal in 2010 and since then there were many instances where Manisha's marriage was reportedly in doldrums due to her free spirited nature. So now, it is heard that Manisha lives in Mumbai and is quite happy being single and wild. Soon, she will be seen in the eccentric genius Ram Gopal Varma's horror movie 'Bhoot 2'.Source: gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15244140", "title": "No entry for Shah Jahan", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Very few people know that though Shah Jahan built the summer place in Shahibaug in 1622, he never entered the building as his elephant and with palanquin atop could not pass through the arched gates, according to former head of Gujarat University's Department of History, Shirin Mehta.\"After this episode, Shah Jahan never entered the palace. It had splendid Mughal gardens,\" says Mehta. Another historian Makarand Mehta adds, \"Shah Jahan understood the importance of the city as a political and economic centre and an emerging tourist centre, with its marvelous buildings and urban planning. It is precisely because of this that the young prince made the summer palace in the city. Today, with no one to stop the renovation of the palace, we are destroying the very foundation of Shah Jahan's belief in the city,\" says Makarand.Both Shah Jahan and Mumtaz Mahal were in the city in 1618, when the prince was appointed governor of Ahmedabad by the emperor Jehangir. It was here that the great builder was inspired by the architectural marvels of Gujarat and later went on to built the ultimate monument of love - The Taj Mahal.Shah Jahan had not built monuments before coming to Ahmedabad. If historian James Douglas is to be believed, Ahmedabad's two-century-old architecture inspired Shah Jahan to erect the great architectural marvels in Agra.Douglas notes in his book 'Western India' published in 1893, \"Shah Jahan in Ahmedabad was watching the flecked light as it fell on panement of marble or alabastar; alone and silent , observing, measuring, comparing, digesting, perhaps copying, drinking in all wisdom, deftness of hand, cunning craft and workmanship, beauty of colour, harmony of form. For the city had already a history and a long line of stout kings for a hundred and fifty years...\"\"Shahibaug was named after Shah Jahan and the palace was built essentially to create employment for the victims of a severe famine that had occurred in the province during that time,\" says another history enthusiast Hemang Desai.Shah Jahan as emperor from 1627 to 1658, also got the Azamkhan Sarai built near the Bhadra fort. Taj Mahal , which was completed in 1653, sent Shah Jahan's earlier construction into oblivion. But a connoisseur like Douglas was quick to recognize the roots of the architectural revolution in India. He wrote, \"The bud was here (Ahmedabad): The blossom and fruit to be in Agra? Everything has a beginning, Greece before Rome, Damacus before Cairo, Agra follows Ahmedabad.\"He further wrote: \"Ten of Ahmedabad's mosques were built before Columbus discovered America... It was here the master builder drank in the elements of his taste which was to display such glorious results elsewhere.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "15254157", "title": "Lawyers urged to observe 'no adjournment week' every month", "text": "AURANGABAD: Justice Naresh Patil of Aurangabad bench of the Bombay High Court recently urged the lawyers to observe a 'no adjournment week' every month to help reduce the number of pending cases. He was speaking at a function organised to mark the inauguration of the additional district session's court at Vaijapur in Aurangabad district.Patil said that the members of the bar council, government pleaders, and senior lawyers should make joint efforts to reduce the number of pending cases. He also advised the lawyers to make use of mediation cell at courts for disposing the cases through negotiation. He said that the litigants should also avail the benefit of the mediation cell. Justice Patil urged lawyers to study well while representing their clients.Speaking on the occasion, Aurangabad district judge Sangitrao Patil said that total 1268 cases from Vaijapur and Gangapur talukas have been transferred for trial from Aurangabad to the additional session's judge's court at Vaijapur.Agriculture minister Vikhe Patil, who was the chief guest of the programme, said that the state government has undertaken a five-year plan for providing infrastructure and facilities to the courts in Maharashtra. The total cost of the five-year plan is Rs 600 crore.Among others present on the occasion included justices T V Nalawade of the Aurangabad bench of the high court, additional sessions judge (Vaijapur) Pramod Tarare, president of Vaijapur bar association Pramod Jagtap and senior of member of the Aurangabad high court bar association Vijay Sakolkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15244848", "title": "Youth\u2019s book on fight against disability on West Bengal library shelves", "text": "KOLKATA: Debasish Das (22) is an unusual writer. Taking cerebral palsy in his stride, something he can barely take, Debasish has written a book that he hopes will show the world that disability doesn't have to be an impeding block. No wonder the Mamata Banerjee government has made his book, Amar Moner Kalpana-O-Asha, compulsory in all state libraries.Trapped in a bed, the 22-year-old first started penning down his feelings in 2009 after his mother asked him to write a diary. He would scribble down his moments of pain and triumph on a daily basis, despite the fact that he doesn't have the ability to speak or type, or use his hands independently to write.Mother Snehalata, has been Debasish's driving force, literally. She is the one who holds the end of the pen everytime Debasish sits down to write.Defying all odds time and again to emerge victorious in a society that often feigns empathy rather than actually being sensitive to special people, Debasish has eventually learnt the ropes. Earlier, even his parents were not aware of his writing prowess. \"Till 2008, we had given up on his education. Then one day his teachers at the Spastic Society found that he knew mathematical tables and arithmetic. He started writing the diary in 2009. It was in 2010 that he took to writing poetry, articles and short stories with moral. Since then there has been no stopping,\" said Debasish's father and former IAS officer Nikhilesh Das.\"I had just taught him the scripts. Then one morning I saw him writing. I therefore got him a book. As usual he was looking here and there - that's his way of countering the headaches that never seem to leave him. In a few minutes he was writing down exactly what he had read in the book,\" added the proud father. Greatly moved that all their efforts and dedication had not gone waste, his parents started looking for publishers. And Debasish's book was released at the 2012 Kolkata Book Fair. The first edition has been sold out and the second is coming up next month. Another new book is set to see the light of print in two months.Though gnawed by a speech defect, the youth's breaking into a Rabindrasangeet more or less perfectly can take one by surprise. Otherwise, Debasish barely communicates with anyone. The cognitive functions of his brain remain unimpaired even as cerebral palsy - a neurological condition similar to an adult stroke - has made body movement and speech extremely difficult for him ever since birth. Though his parents were initially baffled with his convulsions, it took doctors some years to diagnose him with the condition that is usually caused by early brain damage that in turn affects movement and speech.\"The book has been the proudest moment of our lives,\" said Snehalata. \"It amazes me. Most people can't write a whole book, and my son despite his difficulties manages to put his thoughts together,\" she added. Husband Nikhilesh, on the other hand, said, \"People think his brain is also like his body, but it's not. His books will prove so.'My Imagination and Hopes' has already travelled to the US and the UK, distributed among the organisations involved with spastics, turning Debasish into a published author - an amazing feat that has surpassed his condition. The cover says it all: 'My book will encourage people to pursue their dreams and not get discouraged by others'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15245646", "title": "NRHM scam: CBI to chargesheet Pradeep Shukla", "text": "LUCKNOW: After getting clearance from the Allahabad High Court, the CBI is all set to file chargesheet against senior IAS officer and former Principal Secretary Health of Uttar Pradesh, Pradeep Shukla, who is one of the main accused in the Rs 5000-crore National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam.The court had earlier asked the CBI not to file any final report in any of the cases registered against Shukla in which investigations are continuing, till his petition was being heard. Shukla had approached the court last month seeking quashing of FIR in all four cases registered against him by the CBI.A division bench of Justices Ravindra Singh and Arun Kumar passed the order after taking into consideration the counter-affidavit filed by the CBI. The court also took on record the rejoinder affidavit filed by Shukla. The court has fixed July 30 as the next date of hearing.According to CBI counsel NI Jafri, the court did not take heed of the plea of Shukla's counsel that prior permission of the Central government was not taken before initiating the prosecution process against the senior IAS officer. The court agreed with CBI contention that there was no need to take sanction for prosecution from the Centre to initiate prosecution against Shukla.Meanwhile, CBI officials also claimed that the UP government was not extending required cooperation needed for probe. The government has neither provided extra staff requested by the CBI, nor given permission to prosecute government doctors named in the scam.On the other hand, PWD minister Shivpal Yadav recently went to meet Pradeep Shukla in jail, which also raised questions over government's intentions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15243831", "title": "Hashish recovered from Bhondsi jail", "text": "GURGAON: The Bhondsi jail administration has recovered 110gm of hashish from a jail inmate, who is serving a life sentence for murder. Bhondsi police have lodged an FIR against the jail inmate.An FIR has been lodged against Kapil, who a resident of Bijnaur in Uttar Pradesh, on the basis of a complaint by a jail official. The jail officials recovered 110 gms of hashish from him during a sudden check, late on Friday night.Kapil has been taken on a remand for questioning. This is not the first such incident of Bhondsi jail, when restricted items were found from jail inmates or the warden's possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15243086", "title": "Collector seeks extra soybean seeds", "text": "NAGPUR: District collector Saurabh Rao has sent a communication to state government urging it to send 23,000 metric tonne soybean seeds as the crop has been worst affected due to poor rainfall in the district.Rao told media on Friday that crop damage was maximum in Narkhed, Ramtek and Saoner talukas as they have received only 30 per cent of average rainfall. Situation was similar in Mouda, Kamptee and Hingna talukas, as rainfall has been only 45 per cent of normal. In other talukas, the rainfall was more than 50 per cent of average.\"On spot inspection, we found that most farmers had sowed soybean. The first sowing has completely failed and farmers urgently need new seeds for second sowing,\" Rao said.Even though Nagpur city has received good rainfall in the last few days, it was not sufficient in rural areas. However, hopes have been revived in last two days after satisfactory rains.The water storage in dams of the district is also worrying. Unless the rainfall is more than normal in August, there will not be adequate water for rabbi crop. The rainfall is expected to be below normal in September due to El Nino effect in Pacific Ocean.\"Good rainfall in August is also needed for kharif crop. The first sowing has failed and the fate of second sowing depends on rainfall in the coming days,\" a revenue official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-29"}
