{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11919755", "title": "Rape complaint fabricated: Mamata", "text": "KOLKATA: As police sifted through a tangle of truths and half-truths in the sensational claim of rape in a moving car, chief minister Mamata Banerjee and her trusted aide, minister Madan Mitra, came out with hasty reactions on Thursday.Mamata said the woman's complaint was \"fabricated\". \"Sajano golpo (a fabricated story),\" she said at Writers' Buildings. On Wednesday, she had said the woman had filed the complaint late. Mitra made a big deal out of the fact that the victim had a few drinks and went to a nightclub. \"Why did a woman with kids at home, who is separated from her husband, go to a nightclub? For all you know, she may still be drinking at a club,\" he said during a panel discussion on a TV channel.Seven days after the complaint was lodged, police are no closer to the truth. They have spotted several inconsistencies in the victim's complaint, though. All the accused seem to have watertight alibis and there seem to be discrepancies in her statement. Initially, she said she was dumped by the gang at Exide crossing but on Thursday she admitted she was thrown out on Hungerford Street. Also, she had claimed to have taken a taxi to her home after the incident, whereas police have found that she was given a lift by a friend, Farooq, the younger son of former assembly Speaker Hashim Abdul Halim.The forensic report, however, corroborates she was assaulted. But the test was carried out too late for it to prove rape. The examination showed bruises on her neck, knees, lips and the inside of her mouth, say sources. The nature of the injuries seems consistent with the date on which she claims to have been raped.The victim says that the rapist pulled a pistol from his pocket and shoved it in her mouth. But police wonder how the accused took a gun past the metal detector at the nightclub.Police picked up two of the three men she had named in the FIR - Azhar Ali and Sharafat Ali - from their homes on Collins Street and in Kidderpore on Wednesday night, within hours of the woman going public with her story. She identified the duo as the key accused, especially Sharafat as the one who raped her.But police stopped short of arresting them because they have strong alibis. Police tracked their cellphone tower locations and found out that they were at their homes during the alleged incident.Police commissioner R K Pachnanda said\" \"We are investigating the case with utmost importance and impartiality.\"Significantly, another key accused in the FIR, Lavi Gidwani, was in Canada during the alleged rape. Immigration information from Kolkata and Toronto airports confirm that Gidwani has been in Toronto since January 2.The victim had identified Gidwani's photograph and said that he was the one who had approached her at the nightclub and introduced her to Sharafat and Azhar.However, she later said she had made a mistake in her identification. In the photograph Gidwani does not have beard, but the accused had a French-cut, she said. She also retracted from her statement that she was pushed from the Honda Civic near Exide crossing. In her new statement, she told police that she was dumped on Hungerford Street, from where she took a taxi to reach the Kyd Street home of Farooq Halim, who escorted her home.On Thursday, she claimed that she called Farooq for help. But her call details show that it was Farooq who had called her, at 3.31am, say police. Farooq could not give police a satisfactory answer why he had called her at that hour. He told investigators that he found her in distress. When she told him that she had been raped, he advised her to go to police and undergo a medical test. But she said that she was too much in trauma to undergo any further hassle.Even through there are discrepancies, police are busy in trying to find more clues to corroborate her complaint. \"We have asked the forensic science department whether these injuries indicate any kind of sexual violence on her,\" said joint commissioner (crime) Damayanti Sen.Azhar and Sharafat, partners in a call centre, said they were at a Milad-ul-Nabi festival at Azhar's home on Collin Street on the evening on February 5. After the programme was over, they went to Russel Dhaba at 8pm for dinner. Azhar dropped Sharafat at his Kidderpore home in his Honda Civic car and returned home.\"Their phone calls showed that they were in their homes,\" said an investigator. Police have asked for the video footage of the programme at Azhar's home and are also checking the social networking site chatroom where the duo claimed to have chatted with their friends on that night.If the victim is lying, what was her motive? Police have no answer to that. \"We are yet to find any clue to establish that the victim and the accused knew each other. The call details of the last few days do not show any link between the victim and the accused,\" said an investigator.The only clue (a far-fetched one) police found is that the victim had some problems with her sister who runs a call centre at Gariahat. The victim had a stake in the BPO but wanted get out to start her own call centre. Her sister and the sister's boyfriend, however, refused to pay back her stake's worth. Sharafat, Gidwani and Azhar are pals of the boyfriend of the victim's sister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11919668", "title": "'Political parties' women power talk a hogwash'", "text": "PANAJI: Women's empowerment may find priority in the manifestos and agendas of political parties, but with only 10 women in the fray for the March 3 assembly elections, social activists allege that political parties are only paying lip service to the cause.Though a total of 17 political parties have fielded 141 candidates, only six of these outfits have backed eight female candidates, indicating an attempt to provide barely 5.60% representation to women in the 40-member Goa assembly. Two more women also figure in the list of candidates, along with 72 male candidates, as independents.Political empowerment for women is considered an important driver for economic and social empowerment. \"But the poor representation to them only proves that real women's empowerment is not on most political parties' agendas,\" Sabina Martins, a spokesperson of women's collective Bailancho Saad, said.Agrees Pramod Salgaocar, former chairperson of the Goa state commission for women, \"Women's political empowerment doesn't seem to be anywhere in sight as they are left out of higher decision-making bodies like the assembly and the Parliament.\"The Congress and Trinamool Congress have fielded two candidates each, while the Nationalist Congress Party, Samajwadi Janata Party-Rashtriya, Goa Suraj and Goa Vikas Party have one each in the fray for the assembly polls. \"The BJP, which is a national party and is promising financial assistance to housewives if it comes to power, doesn't have a single woman candidate this time,\" Martins said.But Kunda Chodankar, the BJP's state mahila morcha president, has another version. \"Our (BJP) leaders were requesting at least three women, including myself to contest the polls, but due to some problems, we cried off,\" she said.Chodankar conceded that women's wings in political parties have little significance. \"Women are reduced to subservient roles in the party organization,\" she said. But on the other hand, the poll contest has degenerated into a money game.\"We cannot hope to make any dent unless we have a husband with deep pockets,\" Chodankar lamented. However, she clarified that not all women may be keen to taint themselves in the money game. The women lose out to men in politics as they lack in the aggression quotient. \"The field is so criminalized that you require money and muscle power to win the polls,\" Salgaocar said.The state government has a plethora of schemes for women and the girl child. \"But these schemes for women are mainly doles,\" says Martins. A major chunk of women are domestic workers and are poorly paid. \"If most women are barely able to make both ends meet and have family responsibilities to shoulder additionally, where do they have space in the election arena?\" Martins asked.Most political parties have strung together clusters of self help groups, but only a few carry out economic activities for their sustenance. \"They only come out of their houses to proceed on pilgrimage trips or perform at dhalos and fugdi competitions,\" says Martins.Assembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11919104", "title": "HC gives notice to Tuticorin port chairman over forest land misuse", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Thursday ordered notices to the chairman of the Tuticorin Port Trust on a petition seeking a direction to the state government to take back forest land from the control of the Tuticorin port.The bench comprising Justice Chitra Venkataraman and Justice R Karuppiah also gave a directive to the chairman of port, district collector, Tuticorin and the principal chief conservator of forests, Chennai to file their counter following the petition filed by one K Mohan Raj, an environmental activist from Coimbatore. In his petition, he alleged that the port trust had subleased areas falling under the Mullakadu reserve forest. The petitioner said that in the year 1924, around 1200.97 acres of the Mullakadu reserve forest was handed over to the Tuticorin Port Trust. Later, the port trust diverted and sub leased areas falling under the forest to a number of private and public establishments, he alleged. Due to sea filling, fly ash filling and discharge of effluents by a thermal power station into the sea, the biodiversity is directly affected. It also affected the livelihood of fishing communities in the district, he said.The petition further said that the port trust had diverted 570 acres of land to TNEB and NLC. The unplanned and haphazard growth of the thermal power stations with scant regards to the ecological importance of the Gulf of Mannar has led to a lopsided development, he added. Pointing out that Tuticorin in Tamil Nadu was one of the districts with the lowest forest cover in the country, the petitioner said that any diversion of forest land for non-forestry purpose would cause catastrophic damage to the ecological balance of the district and the region.The petitioner also sought a direction to the state authorities to take back all the land of the Mullakadu reserve forest by cancelling all the sub leases by the Port Trust and to declare it as an eco-sensitive zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11920237", "title": "Record 1.25 lakh visitors thronged Numaish on last day", "text": "HYDERABAD: Curtains came down on the 45-day-long Numaish on Wednesday, when over 1.25 lakh visitors thronged the exhibition, the highest ever in its 73-year-old history. The organisers said that the fair drew 21.46 lakh visitors this year as against 20 lakh visitors last year.With as many as 2,600 stalls this year, the 'Numaish Masnuaat-e-Mulki' launched by Osmania Graduates Association way back in 1938, set a record in its visitor base this year. The members of the Exhibition Society said that even though other exhibitions have cropped up and malls mushroomed everywhere, the sprawling Industrial Exhibition continues to draw huge crowds. Unlike previous years, this year the exhibition ground was teeming with visitors right from day one. Organisers said that this year, the gate collection alone fetched the society an impressive Rs 3.5 crore.Those who could not make it to the Numaish this year were given an option to see the webcast of the event. Two cameras were erected at a high altitude to pan the stalls and visitors at the exhibition for live telecast through internet. \"This is the largest open air shopping centre offering almost everything under the sun. It is a part of every Hyderabadi's life. Not only do artisans and traders participate from across the country, but visitors too come from various corners,\" said D Gangadhar Rao, honorary secretary, Exhibition Society.Traffic cops on the M J Market-Nampally stretch where traffic was thrown out of gear since January 1 when the Numaish started heaved a sigh of relief. As many as 100 cops, including law and order and traffic police, manned 20 points in the 24-acre exhibition grounds vicinity including M J Market, Taj Island, Darussalam, BJP Office and Gagan Vihar among others.Besides 25 CCTV cameras, 120 volunteers, 60 watch and ward staff and a dog squad kept round-the-clock vigil. While the chief minister, who inaugurated the event, had expressed concerns about the security arrangements, the organisers were happy that the event passed off smoothly.The proceeds of the exhibition will be utilized to run 18 educational and vocational training institutions in the Telangana region, with a combined enrollment of over 30,000 students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11920300", "title": "Cong-PRP merger formalised", "text": "HYDERABAD: Formalising the Congress-PRP merger, which was pending for long, the Congress Legislature Party (CLP) meeting on Thursday adopted a resolution to that effect. The resolution moved by MLC S Jagadeswar Reddy of Mahbubnagar, was passed unanimously. The resolution will be sent to Speaker Nadendla Manohar, who will in turn announce the merger of the parties in the Assembly.However, the meeting witnessed a heated discussion on the Telangana issue raised by Karimnagar MP Ponnam Prabhakar. Prabhakar charged CM Kiran Reddy with misleading the party leadership in Delhi by sending anti-T reports. The Karimanagar MP also criticised the government's attitude towards the MPs of the region.\"The state government is responsible for the arrest of party MPs who were peacefully participating in the rail roko some time ago. I was detained for a whole day in the police station,\" he said in the meeting.Responding to the criticism, the CM said it was his responsibility to keep the party leadership and the Centre informed of the political situation in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11919819", "title": "Students seek psychological help to ease exam stress", "text": "KANPUR: Hundreds of students turned up in the two-day special counselling session organized by the authorities of divisional psychological centre on Thursday. The board examinees as well as students of class VII and VIII also came to seek psychiatric help.Head psychologist at the centre LK Singh said that as many as 47 students of class VI and VII turned up for psychiatric help in the counselling session organized at Government Girls Inter College (GGIC), Vijay Nagar. The special psychological and aptitude tests were conducted to calculate the IQ level. This was done in order to advise the students what subjects and field that they should select in future.\"It was for the very first time that 47 students of classes like VII and VIII turned up in the counselling sessions. All these students were girls of GGIC and Saraswati Girls Inter College. The kids came up with questions like what subjects they should opt in future\" Singh said.The panel of psychologists conducted special screening of all the students in the group and also conducted aptitude tests. The reports will be shown to the parents in a meeting. Efforts were made by the psychologists to counsel students and parents to put them at ease and remove examination fear.More than 250 students going to appear in the board examinations attended the counselling session. As many as 90 students attended the counselling on day one on Wednesday, while Thursday witnessed more than 130 candidates, apart from the junior students.\"The panel of eight counsellors solved examination related issues and other queries. The panel included specialists of physiologist tests and guidance center (PTGC),\" psychologist Gayatri Shukla said.The experts informed that there is a change in the attitude of youngsters, as more cases of stress have been coming in the last three years. In the examination-related stress, counselling definitely helps.Another psychological expert added that the counselling sessions definitely make an impact on children. The students were asked to devote equal time for recreational activities and prayers as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11920823", "title": "KIMS suffers from shortage of dialysis machines, staff", "text": "HUBLI: It's never easy for patients suffering from kidney problems in Karnataka Institute of Medical Sciences (KIMS) Hospital. Here, they have to wait for a long time to even undergo dialysis. Despite their health problems, patients in KIMS have to wait for hours together for their turn to get dialysis due to shortage of dialysis machines.Patients from Haveri, Gadag, Bijapur and other villages of North Karnataka generally visit KIMS seeking treatment. But, patients with kidney problems are now a suffering lot.Shortage of dialysis machines and lack of sufficient staff in kidney dialysis unit is causing great inconvenience to patients. There are only three dialysis machines which are not enough to handle the increasing number of patients. According to sources from dialysis unit, KIMS, nurses working in the unit are finding it difficult to provide quick treatment to patients due to shortage of machines.They take at least four hours to treat a patient in a dialysis unit, hence, others in the queue have to wait till evening or night to get treated.Every day, at least 18 patients with kidney problems visit KIMS for dialysis. So, each patient has to wait for hours for their turn. They are charged Rs 400 for dialysis, but Rs 200 for those having BPL cards.There are only four nurses in this unit, of which one will have their day off or will be on night shift. Hence, only two nurses work in the unit at one time. \"Besides, there are no technicians to deal with technical problems during a dialysis process,\" said a nurse on condition of anonymity.A patient, who doesn't want to be named, said, \"We have come from distant places and wait for long hours to undergo dialysis. Lack of sufficient staff and dialysis machines puts us in a soup. Sometimes, patients also go to private hospitals for dialysis when their condition gets severe. Hospital authorities should install more machines and provide sufficient staff.\"Speaking to TOI, Vasant Kamat, director, KIMS, said, \"We are getting one more dialysis machine donated by Karnataka Physician Association and we have also called tenders for purchasing two more dialysis machines. In the next 20 days, there will be more dialysis machines to solve the crisis.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11914858", "title": "Pooja Joshi never wanted to get into acting", "text": "As a child, becoming a part of the television industry was the last thing on Pooja Joshi's mind. Says Pooja, who was in Vadodara for a promotional event, \"I never wanted to get into acting.As a child, I had dreams of becoming a teacher and the profession really inspired me. But as I grew up, my dreams changed and next, I was fascinated by the idea of becoming an air-hostess, which seemed really exciting. But then, my height came in the way (smiles)! Eventually, as I started facing the camera, my family was very supportive and my mother, in particular, really inspired me to explore it.\"While Pooja has been a part of serials like Sujata, Prithviraj Chauhan and Mera Sasural in the past, it's the role of the immensely popular Varsha in Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai that has made her a household name. Shares an excited Pooja, \"The kind of love that I have got from viewers after this serial became successful has been amazing. The fact that it has completed three years shows that the people have loved not just my character, but the content of the show too. And I can relate a lot to the character that I play because in many ways, I am like Varsha in real life too. I couldn't have asked for more in the early stage of my career.\"She adds, \"Sometimes, when I watch a few of the daily soaps today, I can't relate at all to the stories and characters. I like shows that teach good values and that way, I am a bit old-fashioned.\"Talking of the experience of visiting Gujarat, she says, \"Coming to Gujarat is always fun and recently, I loved visiting Jamnagar also. I would love to explore the city at length the next time I come here.\" So what next? \"I love the way my career has shaped up so far. In the long run, I would love to do films. But I am prepared to be patient and wait for the right moment,\" she says.How is Pooja in real life? \"I am a complete fun-loving person, who likes making new friends. And I just love shopping. However, I know how to keep my personal and professional lives separate. That's something very important when you are into this profession.\"And has she given marriage a thought? \"Like any other girl, I would love to get married at the right age. But as of now, I haven't given it a serious thought. So far, looking at the way my life has shaped up, things have happened that I expected the least but they happened for the better. May be, it will be the same with my marriage.\" She smiles, before signing off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11919619", "title": "Similar bombs but ingredients of Bangkok, Delhi bombs different", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three days after a bomber targeted an Israeli embassy car injuring a diplomat's wife, Iran has emerged as the prime suspect in the attack that marked the hostilities between Tel Aviv and Tehran - over the latter's defiant march towards becoming a nuclear power - reaching India.\"The blast appears to have an Iranian connection. It was carried out either by Iranian agents or local sympathizers of the regime in Teheran ,\" said a senior government source.The suspicion has been strengthened after the arrests of three Iranian nationals by Thailand and Malaysia for stockpiling explosives in Bangkok similar to the one used in the attack on Israeli diplomat's wife here, with the government sources seeing a link between the incidents in two Asian capitals.They disregarded the fact that ingredients of the bomb recovered from the house the Iranians had rented in Bangkok were different from what were used to put together the bomb that was stuck to the vehicle of the Israeli lady in New Delhi. The magnet bombs recovered from the Iranians in Thailand are made of C-4: a military grade explosive which is manufactured by government agencies.Forensic examination of the bomb used here has so far no trace of C-4. \"Agents engaged in covert operations have the leeway to use materials locally and easily available,\" said another senior source.The bombing in Delhi coincided with a sharp escalation in tensions between Israel and Iran amid growing assessment that the latter's pursuit of nuclear arsenal was about to cross the threshold where it would become unstoppable, and that Israel would try to derail the plans of the Shiite theocracy. The modus operandi of the Delhi bomber was similar to the one used by suspected Israeli agents to assassinate Iranian scientists working on country's nuclear programme, and could have been, intelligence agencies suspect, meant to deter more Mossad-inspired hits before the quest for nuclear bomb enters what is being described as \"zone of immunity\".The assassination coincided with the fourth death anniversary of Imad Mughaniyah - a militant affiliated with Iran-backed Hezbollah who was blamed for the attack on the US marines in 1983 that caused the Americans to pull out from Beirut and other terror acts. Although Mughaniyah was killed on February 12, 2008, it has been pointed out that the bomber could have preferred to delay the attack by a day as the anniversary of the Hezbollah leader fell on a Sunday this year.As investigators are looking at all possible angles including involvement of Iranian elements, Union minister V Narayanasamy said the ongoing probe has \"nothing to do with India-Iran relationship\". He was responding to questions about India's stand on Iran in the changing scenario. He said, \"As far as Iran is concerned our stand is clear. India has made its stand clear.... we would like to keep good relations with all other countries\".Israel has accused Iran of carrying out the blast but Tehran has denied it and questioned the basis for the accusation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11923138", "title": "Italian tanker brought to Kochi, crew quizzed after two TN fishermen shot at sea", "text": "KOCHI: Italian oil tanker Enrica Lexie, from which gunshots were fired killing two Indian fishermen off Alappuzha, has been brought to Kochi early on Friday and police and Coast Guard personnel are questioning the crew.The ship has been berthed at Kochi oil terminal, where security has been tightened. The preliminary assessment of the marine authorities is that armed guards aboard the ship might have fired at the fishing boat on Wednesday mistaking it for a vessel of pirates.The coastal police have registered a murder case against the crew of the vessel based on the evidence of bullet injuries found on the bodies of the dead fishermen -- Valentine alias Jelestine (45) and Ajesh Binki (25)-- during post-mortem.Fellow fishermen who were in the same boat as Binki and Jalastine, said the boat had 11 fishermen. They had put out to sea from Neendakara in Kollam district. Italian Consul General in India, GiamPaolo Cutillo, had reached here yesterday in the connection with the incident and met City Police Commissioner M R Ajay Kumar .The burial of Jelestine would be conducted today at Moorthakara Parish Church in Kollam district while Binki's body has been taken to Poothural in Kanyakumary district in Tamil Nadu.The Kerala government had announced a solatium of Rs five lakh each to the families of the deceased fishermen. It was also decided to bear all legal expenses for getting due compensation from the owners of the ship. The Kollam administration also announced an emergency relief payment of Rs 10,000 each to the kin of those killed.Meanwhile, fishermen's organisations have threatened to lay siege the ship at Kochi harbour demanding penal action against the ship crew.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11920558", "title": "Kochi Refinery mulls sulphur link to FACT", "text": "KOCHI: Kochi Refinery, operated by Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd (BPCL), is understood to be planning to build a pipeline to transport molten sulphur from its refinery in Ambalamugal to Fertiliser and Chemicals Travancore Ltd (FACT), as part of the phase I of its Rs 12,000-crore expansion plan to boost refining capacity, a source close to the project said.The refinery is yet to announce a detailed proposal for the pipeline project, which could include a sulphur handling terminal, though the source said that discussions have been initiated with FACT. \"It is a very good possibility at the moment.Setting up a sulphur link makes strategic sense for us and will also serve FACT's raw material requirements,\" the source said. Kochi Refinery is presently scouting for a joint venture partner for a new sulphur recovery unit which is part of its Phase I expansion plans to improve refining capacity from 9.5 MMTPA (Million Metric Tonnes Per Annum) to 15.5 MMTPA by 2016.The new sulphur recovery unit which is part of the six new units coming up under the integrated expansion plan, will raise the refinery's sulphur production capacity to 260 TMT (Thousand Metric Tonnes) annually from 48 TMT at present.\"FACT's sulphur requirements are estimated in the region of 200 TMT (Thousand Metric Tonnes) or more annually and the new facilities will be equipped to handle thatOnce Phase I of the expansion is in final stages of completion we will look to work on the pipeline to meet FACT's supply requirements,\" the source said. Besides the sulphur recovery unit, BPCL, which acquired Kochi refinery in 2006, will award engineering, procurement and construction contracts for a crude distillation unit, vacuum gas oil hydro treating unit, diesel desulphurisation unit, petro-fluidised catalytic cracking unit and a naphtha hydro treatment unit.Vimta Labs has conducted an Environmental Impact Assessment study and has given the go-ahead to the Refinery's expansion plan. A feasibility report is expected to be placed before the BPCL board next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11921037", "title": "V-Day bash at Aarsee Ladies Club", "text": "LUDHIANA: Valentine's Day celebrations on Thursday gave a chance to Aarsee Ladies Club members to enjoy spectacular dance performances and indulge in the post-romance, friendly, all-women gathering. Club members cut a cake, played various games and shared their stories of the Valentine's Day.Jaspreet Kaur, a resident of BRS Nagar, and Jasmeet Kaur of New Model Town performed a dance on a Punjabi number 'kunda khol basantariye tera dhol sharabi aya'. Jasmeet acted as the drunk husband in their choreography.Another sizzling performance on the song 'Angrezi beat' by Bawa Magu of Dugri phase I, Gagan Chawla of Model Town and Sonu Puri of Sarabha Nagar left the members asking for more.Club president Pinki Kalra said the members also enjoyed a few rounds of tambola. \"We make sure to spend the best time together whenever we meet up and today's do was special being the Valentine's Day celebration,'' said Pinki. The dances depicted the theme of love in a variety of moods, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11920715", "title": "Congress fooling Muslims: TMC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Trinamool Congress accused Union steel minister Beni Prasad Verma of \"befooling Muslims\" by promising reservation, stepping up the confrontation with Congress and befuddling the ally about its intentions in the runup to the Union Budget.Union minister of state Sultan Ahmed of Trinamool met the full Election Commission, headed by S Y Quraishi, to accuse Congress of luring its candidates in UP. The complaint would have meant little given Trinamool's non-entity status in the state but for the way it focused the attack on Congress instead of targeting BSP or SP.Ahmed criticized Verma for his controversial statement in Farrukhabad that Congress would increase reservation for Muslims in which he also dared the EC to issue him a notice, like in the case of law minister Salman Khurshid. While BJP attacked Congress for the \"serial offence\" , Trinamool, too, sounded like a rival demanding that Verma be barred from campaigning. Calling it an attempt to fool Muslims, Ahmed said the community would not fall for the bait and Congress's attempts would come unstuck.The offensive deepened doubts in Congress that Trinamool chief Mamata Banerjee could move further down the confrontation road to corner UPA-II . Having vetoed serious policy moves like the Teesta accord, FDI in multi-brand retail and the Lokpal bill, the party seems to be on a collision course. Mamata recently attacked Congress for not giving a single penny to Bengal, despite knowing its debt burden and resource crunch.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11919429", "title": "Crowds at polling booths, not on roads", "text": "NASHIK: In striking contrast to their daily hustle-bustle, the Shalimar and Main Road areas of the city wore a deserted look on the day of the Nashik Municipal Corporations polls on Thursday.The government had announced a public holiday on Thursday on account of the polls. Vehicles were not allowed within hundred meters of the polling booths. Nearly 98% of the shopkeepers close to polling areas kept their shutters down. On any normal day, thousands of people are seen swarming around the several hundred shops in the Shalimar and Main Road areas.The absence of the rush of autorickshaws and vehicles in general was also visible in the Shalimar area, since all offices, schools and colleges were closed for the day. Nearly 5,000 policemen had been deployed on bandobast duty throughout the city, and people were only seen at the major polling booths and restaurants around the areas.Bhadrakali police officials said that apart from the government directive about liquor shops being shut on polling day, there were no orders to shopkeepers to keep their shutters down on the day of polls.However, most shopkeepers kept their establishments closed keeping in mind the crowd movement in the past and also to avoid any untoward incidents in the backdrop of the elections. Police officials said that most shopkeepers might have given the day off to the employees for them to go vote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11920390", "title": "Private buses turn killers again; 2 dead", "text": "KOCHI: Two persons died in separate accidents involving private buses in Kochi.Kumbalanghi native P X Joy, who was undergoing treatment after he fell off a private bus on Wednesday, died on Thursday. In another incident, one man died and the other was injured after a private bus collided with an auto rickshaw in Paravur.According to police, Paravur native Vattakulam David (50) died on the spot while the driver sustained severe injuries in the accident. The auto driver was identified as Munambam Madathinghal Sajan (42).Police said Joy was returning home after visiting a relative at the general hospital. The bus, Maria (KL 7 BB 304), started just as Joy was about to step in, he lost his balance and fell. Joy sustained injuries to his head and was rushed to a hospital after receiving first aid at the general hospital. According to witnesses the bus which runs on Kakkanad-Perumbadappu route was speeding. Police have registered a case against the driver.\"He was my relative. Joy and my elder brother Joseph were returning after visiting our mother who was undergoing treatment at the general hospital. Witnesses said rash driving caused this accident,'' said Kumbalanghi native Antony.\"Nobody helped us to shift him to a hospital. Even though the bus conductor came to the general hospital where he was admitted first, the man did not help us. He tried to escape while we were trying to admit Joy, but I caught him. Police officials took him away then,'' said Antony.Motor vehicles department said that will investigate this incident. \"We have got a complaint against a Maria bus that usually cancels their last trip causing difficulties to the passengers. We will look into it,'' said Ernakulam RTO P J Thomas.\"Today, I witnessed a similar incident at Menaka bus stop. An old man fell when the bus driver sped off suddenly without giving any hint. The bus didn't stop and the old man was standing there alone. Nobody raised their voice against the bus driver or conductor. People are afraid of bus workers as many of them are goons,'' said John, a commuter in Kochi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11921348", "title": "Eunuchs beat up youths for turf invasion", "text": "PANCHKULA: Two youths who tried to earn some money in the guise of eunuchs at a wedding ended up getting badly thrashed by real eunuchs who turned up at the spot.It was only after the police reached the spot that the situation was brought under control and the two, Raju, 30 and Rangnath, 25, were rushed to the general hospital, Sector 6. There the two youths pleaded with the cops that they be let off, promising that they would never do such a thing again.\"A wedding was taking place at a house in Sector 12A, Panchkula, when the two youths reached there in the garb of eunuchs and started dancing to the tunes of latest numbers to make some money. The boys were dancing when the real eunuchs appeared on the scene. Angry at what they saw they started thrashing the youths, asking them just how could they enter their domain,\" said ASI Ram Meher of the Sector 14 police station.The boys were wearing saris, jewellery and had done make-up to look like real eunuchs.\"The celebrations were spoilt as the youths got beaten up. After the police intervened and the two were taken to hospital, the real eunuchs started playing their part. But we brought all of them to the Sector 14 police station, where they showed us their documents,\" said investigating officer, Papinder Singh.He added, \"The youths told us that they usually play the part of Hanuman at some or the other place to earn some money and that it was for the first time that they had tried to act as eunuchs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11923404", "title": "Sachiin Joshi to marry Urvashi Sharma", "text": "The gutkha baron Jagdish Joshi's son Sachiin, despite his numerologically corrected name, couldn't create a place for himself in Bollywood.However, the Azaan actor has got something from the Hindi cinema industry - a fiance. Sachiin, who had been dating actress Urvashi Sharma for a while, finally popped the question, like a true romantic, on Valentine's Day.Sachiin's phone messenger status on Valentine's Day hinted that he was 'hitched'. When contacted, Sachiin said, \"I proposed to Urvashi on Valentine's Day. She accepted. We met through a common friend. We are together for the last two years. We are still discussing the possible dates for the engagement and wedding. Everything is still in the planning stage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11918732", "title": "Tight security at counting centres", "text": "MUMBAI: After Thursday's polling, security personnel and politicians shifted focus to 29 venues across the city where electronic voting machines (EVMs) have been stored for counting on Friday, to decide the future of candidates.Heavy police bandobast was deployed at the venues, which included school buildings, open grounds and sport complexes to ensure no one plays mischief.Policemen on night duty were instructed not to allow unauthorized persons inside and senior officers were told to keep a close watch in and around the venues till counting ends on Friday.Hundreds of personnel from the state reserve police force (SRPF), along with local police, are guarding the machines at night and will control political activists during the counting. Officials at these venues accepted the machines only after checking their seals.An officer said, \"In the morning, officials who will supervise counting will check the seals again before opening the machines for counting.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11924555", "title": "Italian vessel brought to Kochi port, Coast Guard refutes Italian embassy's claims", "text": "KOCHI: Italian merchant ship Enrica Lexie, which was involved in the shooting down of two fishermen off Kerala coast on Wednesday, has been escorted to the Kochi port on Friday, by the Coast Guard and Navy.Italian consul general Glampaolo Cutillo and captain of the ship met the Kochi city police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar on Friday.The police team later accompanied the consul general and the captain to the ship to continue the talks. The police department is waiting for instructions from the Union ministry to decide on the next course of action, which is expected later today. Kollam SP Sam Christie has also reached Kochi.The killing of the fishermen had become a full-blown diplomatic issue after the ministry of external affairs summoned Italian envoy Giacomo Sanfelice di Monteforte to register a strong protest on Thursday.Meanwhile SPS Basra, Regional Commander of Coast Guard (Western Region) strongly contested the claims of the Italian authorities that the security personnel on board Enrica Lexie had adhered to maritime protocol in dealing with the fishermen.\"There was a significant delay of nearly two and a half hours in reporting the incident on the part of ship to the piracy reporting centre in Mumbai. They had also sent out any signals on an impending attack. They have committed in an error in judgement in shooting at the unarmed fishermen,\" Basra told reporters here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11924357", "title": "Stars to glamourise salt-n-pepper look", "text": "It's true! There's something about the salt-npepper look that girls just cannot resist.It's been quite the norm in Hollywood and Bollywood, where actors have sported the look with elan. However, for the first time in Mollywood, actor Rahman has embraced the look for his upcoming flick, 'Bachelor Party'.Still thinking twice about sporting it? These men can help you make up your mind...Amitabh BachchanCloser home, Amitabh Bachchan popularised the salt-n-pepper beard and sideburns long ago. It wouldn't be entirely wrong if we said he has influenced many men to look their age and do so with style.George ClooneyWithout his greying hair, would Hollywood hunk George Clooney look quite as dishy? Let's admit it. Clooney gets a 10 on 10 for his greyed look. The man who once said, 'I don't want to look young because then I will look wrong', is ageing, but, gracefully.RajnikantIt takes a superstar to sport the grey-bald look in real life and turn into a powerful robot on screen with almost zero effort. However, superstar Rajnikant's look remains exclusive, because even real life is all about style.AjithWhen Ajith appeared onscreen in his superhit Mankatha, it was his new salt-n-pepper look that got the loudest cheer. His fans began to ape him too, irrespective of the fact that they did not even have natural grey hair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11919082", "title": "BJP predicts 60-65 seats, confident of ruling again", "text": "NAGPUR: The BJP is predicting an emphatic win for the saffron alliance in the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) polls held on Thursday. While local intelligence sources and poll observers said the ruling party is all set to win 60-65 seats, party loyalists are expecting 65-70 seats.In any case, it is certain that the saffron alliance will have to take the help of some independents to reach the magical mark of 73 out of 145 corporators to form the government at the civic body. Opposition parties, however, predicted doom for the BJP, claiming that it will face the citizen's wrath for fielding criminals like Anil Dhawade and Munna Yadav (Jail Ward), apart from anti-incumbency and mismanagement.A confident BJP city chief Anil Sole however said they were set to rule the corporation again. \"We are looking forward to winning 65 seats this time. A majority of our candidates have done well,\" he said.MLA Devendra Fadnavis said they will get a majority and would have done much better if voters list were proper. \"We could not get 10% votes due to faulty lists, but we are confident of ruling the NMC,\" he said.Former standing committee chairman Sandip Joshi also predicted a BJP win but blamed the State Election Commission (SEC) for a number of goof ups in the voters list. \"Hundreds of voters could not exercise their franchisee owing to errors in names of voters. It's highly unfortunate that many citizens could not cast votes.\"He also blasted the 'illiterate' citizens for low voter turnout, especially in upmarket areas of West Nagpur, where voting percentage was as low as 25-30%.Former corporator Sandip Gavai, who contested from Hill Top ward, said the BJP was all set to get absolute majority. \"This time all factors are in our favour. We will win 75-80 seats for sure,\" he said.Poll observers, however, said though polling percentage had gone down to 55% as compared to 56.29% in 2007, the number of voters swelled by over 5,64,578 in this period. In 2007, 8.05 lakh had voted out of 14.31 lakh. This year the number of eligible voters was 19.86 lakh, and therefore there will be hardly any change in voting pattern of parties, they claim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11920309", "title": "Do not withdraw facilities in Anna library: HC to govt", "text": "CHENNAI: Yet another case and yet another rap. The Madras high court on Thursday warned the Tamil Nadu government that withdrawal of any existing facility or activity at the Anna Centenary Library would be viewed 'very seriously.'The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam also expressed its displeasure at the government's inability to file its reply to a batch of PILs against the move to convert the library into an hospital.\"No counter-affidavit has been filed even today for the reasons best known to the government. Again, the advocate-general prays two weeks time, which is allowed. But it is made clear that if any existing facility or activities in the library is withdrawn, that will be viewed very seriously and appropriate orders would be passed,\" the judges said.They then adjourned the matter after three weeks, by which time the government must file its counter-affidavit.When the matter was taken up for hearing on Thursday, senior advocate P Wilson submitted that regular purchase of journals, periodicals and books had been totally stopped by the library administration. Alleging deliberate bid to make the library dysfunctional, he said the number of employees working there too had been reduced.On his part, advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan informed the court that the draft counter-affidavit was ready and that it would be filed in court after vetting and approval by the officials concerned.To this, the bench said the government did not need any time to take a policy decision to shift the library and convert the facility into an hospital, but it was taking adjournments and pleading for more time to file replies to PILs.In the first week of November, the government announced that the library would be shifted to the proposed knowledge park on the DPI campus in Nungambakkam, and that the swank building housing the library would be converted into a multi-specialty hospital for children.Immediately after the announcement, advocate R Prabakaran filed a PIL opposing the move. Advocate P Pugalenthi too filed a PIL saying the 200-crore, 3.33 lakh square feet structure was designed to be a library and house 12 lakh books. Many more PILs, both against and in support of the government decision, too were filed.The high court has already stayed the government decision and has made it clear that no existing facility should be discontinued till the matter is decided by court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11920632", "title": "AP govt says sorry to HC", "text": "BANGALORE: The Andhra Pradesh government has apologized to the Karnataka high court for failing to appear before it on February 14 despite an order to do so. Advocates representing the Andhra government urged the court on Thursday to 'recall ' the order of stopping water supply. However , a division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen clearly told them that no order was passed.\"Youcan'tdisdain a courtorder and not appear. We have passed no such order (of stopping water supply ). Weonly said 'we may' have to pass such an order if there is no appearance again. See the grammar in our order .It'sclearly futuristic,\" the chief justice said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11919711", "title": "Now, Anil Salgaocar joins pro-family gang", "text": "PANAJI: Independent Sanvordem MLA Anil Salgaocar joined the group of legislators defending 'family politics.' After health minister Vishwajit Rane and PWD minister Churchill Alemao defended the policy, Salgaocar too jumped on to the bandwagon, saying, \"How Lord Ram had given his sons to serve the people, I am giving Kush and Luv in the form of my sons Sameer Salgaocar and Arjun Salgaocar to the people to fulfill my vision of welfare and development of the state.\" Sameer is contesting the forthcoming assembly elections from Mandrem constituency on the Trinamool Congress (TC) ticket and Arjun will contest as an independent from Savordem.Anil Salgaocar, who won the assembly election in 2007 as an independent candidate from Sanvordem constituency, speaking to TOI, said, \"Age and health issues have forced me to stay away from contesting the assembly elections. When I am not in politics, both my sons will continue to carry forward my vision of development.\" He also said that he had entered politics for the welfare and development of the state. \"My vision was to eradicate poverty from Goa,\" he added. Asserting that he was never in politics to earn money nor he had any intention to earn money from politics, he proclaimed, \"I have carried out all-round development of my constituency and developments do not come free of cost,\" he said.Assembly elections 2012 news", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11924035", "title": "?: Scary to the core", "text": "It is rare for horror in Bollywood to not appear horrific in ways that the genre was never meant to be.More often than not, horror films in India rely on stock shock treatment-creaking doors, heart-pounding background music, startling sound effects...you numb it!Here is the real thing. Stripped of all cinematic affectations and trappings,this unnamed horror film is so edgy it topples you over into the abyss of the absolutely unknown, that no-man's land where inexplicable phenomena fuel a kind of terror that cannot be wished away by switching off the camera.This one doesn't assuage your fears by the claim, 'Oh well, it was just a movie.' Scary to the core , the terror of watching a group of bright young film students' endeavour to make a horror film turn into a living nightmare, is done with such a high level of authenticity that you end up watching the pre-determined progression of the plot with a sense of growing dread at the pit of your stomach .The 'found footage' technique of presenting the horror genre as an on-the-spot live reportage of the chilling events, is effectively applied The film has no crew and cast details to provide. We are expected to believe that the young people we see as a film crew in the film, shot the footage of their own activities in the jungle before their lives were snuffed by unknown unseen but definitely evil forces.The footage is conveniently jerky , hazy and uneven. The 'found footage' format gives the presentation a licence to be as freewheeling in intent and as askew in its purpose as the hand-camera permits.As the characters are waylaid by unknown unseen evil, we feel the approaching footsteps of diabolic terror.The narrative has an arresting momentum. From the time we see the happy-go-lucky team driving to the forest to the bloodcurdling pre-finale and finale occurrences, the narration gets you by your throat and squeezes it hard.This untitled whammy of a shiver-giver takes the horror genre down an unknown path. The fear of the unknown has seldom seemed more palpable. When we use the phrase, 'There's something out there' we generally apply the sense of foreboding to a cinematic approach to terror whereby finally we know, we can go home safe in the knowledge that the supernatural exists only in cinema.This film offers no such solace. Full credit to the footage collectors Yash and Allison for cracking the oft-abused genre of horror so effectively.(Footage Compiled by Yash &amp; Allison)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11920759", "title": "Rahul may next jump from stage to show his anger: Akhilesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi tore up a list of election promises made by the Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party, Akhilesh Yadav, addressing a rally in the Gandhi bastion of Amethi, said Rahul may next jump from the stage to show his anger.\"Rahul seems angry. Earlier , he used to get angry by folding his hands. Yesterday, he got angry and tore up a piece of paper. Who knows, next he may jump off the stage in anger?\" said the SP state president while addressing reporters after a rally at Tiloi, Amethi.Rahul's sister Priyanka Gandhi played down the incident , saying he just tore up a writing slip, not any party's manifesto. Congress leader Digvijay Singh, asked about SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav's advice to Rahul to learn courtesy, refused to comment.Akhilesh also advised Rahul, three years his elder, to control his rage. \"He should control his anger. It's not good for his health,\" he said. Both SP and BSP were targeted by Rahul, who tore up a piece of paper at an election meeting in Lucknow on Wednesday, saying \"mere lists of assurances\" prepared by rival parties were of no use. He also charged BSP chief Mayawati and Mulayam with failing to honour their commitments.Priyanka shared Rahul's assessment that people were sick of promises. \"People want work, not just promises ,\" she said.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11919009", "title": "With CCE, students are now closer to teachers", "text": "JAIPUR: The Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) has completely transformed the education system in schools. Teachers have observed an overall change in students' performance as academics is not the only parameter for evaluation. In CCE, non-academic skills, once rejected by parents and students, are being valued as co-scholastic activities holding good weightage.Sumit Awasthi, a banker and father of a Class X student of SMS School, had always asked his daughter to pay less attention to painting which is her passion until CCE. That his changed now. \"She outperformed everyone in arts section. I am happy that she is fulfilling her passion besides scoring high grades,\" said Awasthi.The result is visible as the once neglected co-curricular classes on dance, songs, theatre, short video making etc are getting more students then ever before. The board also upgrades the academic grades based on a students' performance in co-scholastic areas, giving much reprieve to academically poor students.\"The CCE has given lot of confidence to students who are now sticking to co-curricular activities of their choice. Even parents, apprehensive of such activities before, are now encouraging wards to take up non-academic activities,\" said Neera Mathur, principal, Sawai Man Singh School, Jaipur.Schools agree that students are now closer to teachers as they stress on teaching life skills, rational thinking, develop focus, teamwork and shaping right attitude as CCE gives a lot of exposure to children.\"This system helped me score good grades as I outperformed everyone in debate competition,\" said Rajiv Singh, a Class XII student of Subodh Public School. \"The stress level has also gone down as grading doesn't put much pressure on students. The work has been divided throughout the year making students more attentive and focused,\" added Mathur.However, it's a huge burden when they have to do projects of all subjects together in a day. Schools feel that in coming years, CCE will bring desired change. The easy access to internet has given added advantage to students that can be best utilized under CCE.The tech-savvy students are in a better position to utilize information drawn from various sources in making project reports. \"The CCE has come at a right time when students have various channels to draw information,\" said CK Punnose, vice-principal, St Xavier's School, Jaipur.The biggest challenge most schools are facing today is that teachers are not equipped to handle grading as it involves very complex process.Turning a new page!!SMS SchoolHave clubs on various themes to connect students on various environmental, social and economical issues. Follow campaigns like 'each one teach one' and 'save the earth' by visiting slums and forest area.DPS, Vidhyadhar Nagar:Visiting farm fields to see different stages involved in crop production.At a same time imparting training to teachers on using I-Pads for teaching.MGD School, JaipurEncourage students to come-up with innovative ideas in regard to teaching and extra curricular activities. In later stages the principal or teachers refine the ideas to make it more workable.St Xavier's, JaipurIntroduced projects on contemporary subjects to sensitize students on socio-political issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11920805", "title": "l\u2019ll show \u2018porn\u2019 clip to my people, says ex-Karnataka minister", "text": "BANGALORE: To be described as a minister caught watching porn on the floor of the assembly is something no politician wants. The BJP strongman from Belgaum, Laxman Savadi, admits he is yet to recover from the shock of being named as an accused in Porngate.Savadi tells TOI he will now approach the people's court and expose the truth. Excerpts:What transpired in the assembly that day? I had just returned from the Upper House to reply to a legislator's query in the assembly. As the legislator left the house, I took my seat and casually asked what all the fuss was about the alleged rave party (on St Mary's Island off Udupi). Krishna Palemar gave me his cellphone, saying the rave party was nothing compared to the clip on his phone. I was seeing the clip of a woman dancing, being raped and beheaded and the five youths who killed her being hanged in public. At that point, I was handed a copy of an order on onion prices. My attention was divided between the two. By then Palemar had left the place. Only on returning to my residential quarters did I come to know that my viewing of the clip was on TV.Do you regret the incident? I have no regret. My conscience is clear. But I'm pained by the media, particularly visual media, reporting it out of context. Not even once did the media point out that the video was a documentary film of an incident in an Islamic country. If they'd said that, it would have been clear that my intention was not wrong. I'm a firm believer in Arooda philosophy (ascetic life preached by Lingayat saint Siddharuda Swami).How do you respond to those who say viewing that clip in the assembly is a crime? It was not a porn film, it was a documentary. Secondly, I owe an explanation to the people of my constituency and district. I'll show the clip to all the people in my constituency. Let them decide.Are you hopeful of a political comeback? On Day 1 itself, I told my party bosses that I would resign my assembly seat. They prevailed upon me and asked me not to resign as an investigation would reveal the truth. I'm not being arrogant, but I'll win the seat by a thumping margin.You're a Yeddyurappa loyalist. Will this incident have any impact on his political prospects? I'm his follower. Naturally, it'll have an impact on him. Any leader will be worried if his lieutenant is in trouble. But it will certainly not alter my relationship with him nor will he discard me as I haven't committed any crime.Do you see any conspiracy? When we're growing stronger and are loyal to somebody, definitely people will conspire against me.How have your family and friends reacted to the incident? The damage has been done. My family and I are yet to recover from the shock and agony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11918799", "title": "Senior netas\u2019 future hangs in balance", "text": "MUMBAI: The sealed electronic voting machines collected from all over Mumbai on Thursday do not just contain bytes of information; they hold within the political futures of many senior politicians. Unlocked on Friday, they will influence the political fates of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, warring cousins Uddhav Thackeray and Raj Thackeray , senior NCP leader and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, and Dalit leader Ramdas Athavale.In the event the Congress-NCP combine succeeds in wresting control of the BMC house from the Shiv Sena and BJP, it will be Chavan's biggest ever victory. But in case it loses out, the setback to the CM will be equally staggering.For Uddhav, retaining control of the civic body is an acid test of his leadership mettle, while for Raj it is a trial that will prove whether he is a king or a kingmaker. For Athavale, who joined hands with Sena and BJP for the civic poll, it is a litmus test since he has been accused of aligning with communal forces.Soon after he took over as the CM in November 2010, Chavan drafted an ambitious plan to dislodge the Sena-BJP from the BMC. But in order to pull off the feat, Chavan felt, it was critical that the Congress forms an alliance with the NCP. He achieved the tie-up after holding several rounds of talks with NCP president Sharad Pawar-and then put more at stake by spearheading the pre-poll electioneering.For Uddhav too, the poll outcome is of critical importance. Besides fending off the Congress-NCP challenge, he has to combat Raj. Despite there being elections for 10 municipal corporations and 27 zilla parishads, Uddhav focused only on the BMC poll. For canvassing votes, he pulled in not just his father, Sena supremo Bal Thackeray, but also his son Aditya and wife Sharmila.For Raj, a handsome win in the BMC poll is a requisite to achieving his objective of spoiling Uddhav's party. He wants to marginalize his cousin in the civic body, which, Raj believes, will have a bearing on the 2014 assembly and Lok Sabha polls. Raj wants to take over the reins of the state in 2014.Like Chavan, Uddhav and Raj, the poll is crucial for Ajit Pawar since its result will decide his political clout in the metropolis. Ajit initially opposed an alliance with the Congress, but relented after his uncle Sharad Pawar intervened. Ajit apparently felt that to become the next state chief minister he has to first gain the BMC's control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11918184", "title": "Brushing up English with British legislator", "text": "NEW DELHI: It isn't often that youngsters from the rural pockets of Delhi get a chance to polish their English with a British member of parliament. On Thursday afternoon, Jeremy Brown, minister of state, foreign and commonwealth office for the British government, fielded questions on cricket, travel, Britain and India from a bunch of eager young people learning conversational English as part of The Times of India's Teach India programme, in association with British Council. The session was conducted on the premises of Aaditya, an NGO in Tuglaqabad.Over the last three months, two young women, Shifali Thakkur and Rachna Lohani, led these college-goers from areas such as Govindpuri, Tekhand Village and Tuglaqabad, through a series of classes on spoken English. The curriculum, designed by the British Council, focused on everyday English that they would encounter in life. The lessons ranged from preparing for a job interview to booking a hotel room.On Thursday, the young folk were more than ready to flex their English skills with Brown, who complimented them on the ease with which they spoke the language.Brown struck up a conversation on how much he liked Rahul Dravid, and how Virendra Sehwag does a better job in one-day cricket than test matches. He spoke of how he had visited India for the first time in 1989, and was immediately asked about the changes that he observed in the country since then. \"In those days, people drank Thumbs Up, Limca and Goldspot,'' grinned Brown.He was even asked advice on the best spot to visit in London. \"There's this big clock in London called the Big Ben, where parliament sits. Since I'm a member of parliament, I highly recommend the place,'' he said.He spoke of his hectic schedule in India, which included visiting Bangalore on Monday, Chennai on Tuesday and Hyderabad on Wednesday before landing in Delhi on Thursday. \"I'll be in Chicago tomorrow,\" he added.Lauding TOI's initiative, Brown said that the ability to speak English provided a huge number of opportunities for employment and was also a socially important skill in India. \"Someone from Delhi who wants a job in Chennai, but cannot speak Tamil will still get the job if he can speak English. The ability to speak English is also an advantage in a multinational with foreign clients,'' he said. \"A knowledge of the English language makes a huge difference to the people of India,\" he said.The students reciprocated Brown's enthusiasm for the course. Priyanka Singh, a 19-year-old from Badarpur says the coaching in conversational English helped her overcome the hesitation with which she earlier approached the language. As for interacting with Brown, she said it was one of the most amazing experiences of her life. Deepak Kumar, a teenager from Tekhand village, enjoyed the interaction of Thursday afternoon as it gave him the opportunity to speak to foreigners. The last time he had spoken to a foreigner was at the Lotus Temple, several months ago. \"But I was hesitant at the time,\" says Kumar, who now exudes confidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11920099", "title": "Jilted lover hangs herself", "text": "CHENNAI: A 21-year-old woman committed suicide by hanging at her residence in Shankarnagar near Tambaram on Wednesday, allegedly after her boyfriend turned down her request for marriage.Police said Chamundeswari (21), who worked in the accounts department of a star hotel in Alwarpet, was found hanging by her mother Victoria, a noon meal centre worker, when she returned home from work.A note addressed to her mother said she had committed her first mistake by falling in love with a colleague who she said had ditched her. No name was mentioned in the suicide note, police said. The body was moved to the Chromepet general hospital. No case was registered family didnot lodge a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11921447", "title": "Holland eyes MP agri-business pie", "text": "BHOPAL: The Netherlands is aiming to ramp up its commerce in Madhya Pradesh, especially in agri-buisness which is in great need of investment and technology.On her three-day visit, Consulate General of the Netherlands, Consul General, Marijke A van Drunen Littel met with Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and senior government officials to explore opportunities various sectors including automobile sector, chemicals, water management, urban planning, horticulture, floriculture and agri-business.\"Dutch innovation can transform agri-business in Madhya Pradesh. Our strategy is to target and focus on capacity building in local production facilities,\" said Littel. \"Netherlands dominates floriculture with 90-95% of world trade and Dutch technology can partner with MP for it to reach global floriculture standards,\" she added. However, she declined to set a comprehensive target.\"Akzo Nobel and oneplanetarchitecture institute (OPAi) have signed MoU with MP Trade and Investment Facilitation Corporation Limited (TRIFAC),\" she added. OPAi specialises in development of energy-neutral and biodegradable real estate and would develop an eco-business city near Khajuraho. Azko Nobel, a Dutch paints company, is developing a manufacturing facility for paint and varnish in Bhind district, while DHV, an engineering consultancy, is partnering with Bhopal Development Authority (BDA) and Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) is sustainable development, urban planning and water management.Adding value to local capabilities is another focus of the partnership. \"Wageningen University is internationally recognised as a leading agriculture university with study programmes and research in the field of healthy food and the living environment,\" she added.Post-graduate agriculture students, teaching staff and government officials from MP would visit Holland for study and research work. \"It would help agriculturists to gain adequate knowledge on new farming techniques that can help them produce a high quality yield.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11920762", "title": "Storm in BBMP council over water", "text": "BANGALORE: The monthly meeting of Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) council started off on a stormy note on Thursday over BWSSB's alleged failure to complete a Cauvery drinking water project for the city's newly added areas in time.But realization soon dawned upon the city fathers that the council shouldn't have met in the first place because of the state mourning declared following the death of higher education minister VS Acharya. The council paid homage to the departed BJP leader before adjourning.A few members also pointed out that there was 'code of conduct' in place in view of the impending Gandhinagar ward election and any major civic decision could be viewed as a violation.The BBMP meeting had been convened to discuss projects and the civic budget. But corporators from the newly added wards had come armed to take on the ruling party over the Cauvery Water Supply Scheme Stage IV Phase II. Congress member from DJ Halli Sampathraj had come with empty plastic pots and broken taps to highlight the plight of his waterstarved constituency.Thimmananjaiah, independent corporator from Peenya, demanded that the BWSSB chairman clarify why there has been a delay in the project and how people should tide over the water crisis in summer.The Times of India had reported that the Cauvery project, scheduled to have been completed by March, had been delayed by three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11918837", "title": "Polling was peaceful in city, says police commissioner", "text": "PUNE: Police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar on Thursday said, barring a few incidents like clashes between rival groups at Kalewadi in Sangvi and stone pelting at Bhatnagar in Pimpri, the over all polling process was peaceful in the city.Borwankar said strict security will be maintained for the vote-counting process on Friday. \"However, the traffic police personnel who were on bandobast duty on Thursday, will resume their regular traffic duty on Friday,\" she added.Deputy commissioner of police (special branch), Sanjay Jadhav, said the counting of votes will be held at 25 centres in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. The counting of votes for the zilla parishad and panchayat samiti elections will be held at the Shivajinagar godown. \"A police inspector, four police sub-inspectors and 10 policemen will be posted at each of the 25 centres,\" Jadhav said.Earlier in the morning, tension prevailed at ward number 27 in Kothrud when supporters of some political parties alleged that one of the parties had brought bogus voters from outside Pune. Twelve people were nabbed and handed over to the police for trying to cast bogus votes.Deputy commissioner of police (zone-I) Dnyaneshwar Phadtare and senior police inspector Chandrakant Ghodke of the Kothrud police station rushed to the spot and advised the candidates and their supporters not to create trouble and pacified them. \"Some people have been detained and appropriate action will be taken against them after receiving a complaint from the presiding officer,\" Phadtare said.The Faraskhana police arrested Sayyed Babasaheb Shaikh (29) of Mangalwar Peth for allegedly trying to cast a vote in the name of his 49-year-old father. Shaikh was nabbed by the polling staff at the Baburao Sanas Kanyashala in panel number 23.Jadhav said the code of conduct will be in place till February 21. Therefore, victory processions will not be allowed. Action will be taken against people taking out such processions.Bursting of firecrackers is banned till February 27. Joint commissioner of police Sanjeev Kumar Singhal has issued an order in this regard. As per the order, firecrackers which generate noise levels exceeding 125 decibels have been banned. Chain crackers, which generate noise level exceeding 105 decibels, too, are not permitted.Jadhav said three cases of bogus voting, two at Pimpri and one at Faraskhana police stations, were registered, while a case of bribing a voter was lodged with the Warje Malwadi police.Four cases of rioting were registered, including two at Nigdi and one each at Pimpri and Chatushrungi police stations, while three cases of non-cognizable complaints, two at Pimpri and one at Kothrud, have been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11918568", "title": "Nation-wide hunt initiated for Vishwa", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The search for missing girl, Vishwa Patel, 11, has become a nation-wide hunt. The city crime branch has sent posters along with her photograph and contact phone numbers to 125 railway stations across India.\"All the railway stations where Vishwa's posters will be put up have NGOs actively working in the field of tracking down missing children. We have also asked NGO volunteers to keep an eye out for Vishwa or any girl matching her description.The city crime branch is also going to put up 4,000 similar posters in various parts of the city and state. \"We have also decided to pay daily visits to Vishwa's home to interact with her parents on developments in the case and also get updates from them,\" said crime branch officials. The 180 policemen who have been asked to focus on this investigation hold a meeting every night at crime branch's office at the Gaekwad Haveli, said sources. However, despite their efforts crime branch officials are yet to get any clue on Vishwa's whereabouts. The girl went missing from her home in Anandnagar on January 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11920526", "title": "Udupi bypoll on March 18", "text": "BANGALORE: The bypoll to the Udupi-Chikmagalur parliamentary constituency will be held on March 18. This follows the resignation of chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda.On Thursday, the Election Commission announced the calendar for this constituency as well as 11 assembly segments across the country.The schedule: date of notification is February 22; last date to file papers is Feb 29; last date to withdraw is March 3; election on March 18; and votes will be counted on March 21.Will the government present the budget in the second week of March as scheduled? \"The bonanza in the budget may distort the level playing field. We will seek legal opinion on this,'' said an official. Bypoll schedule might also disrupt the chief minister's plan of an early cabinet rejig.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11918826", "title": "Balasaheb asks Raj and Uddhav to make peace", "text": "After years of bad blood, Bal Thackeray has offered an olive branch-albeit indirectly-to his estranged nephew, Raj. On Thursday evening, the Shiv Sena supremo, in an interview to a Marathi television channel, suggested that Uddhav and Raj bury the hatchet and come together \"in the larger interests of Maharashtra\".Even as a Marathi TV news channel beamed Thackeray Senior's interview, exhorting the estranged cousins to kiss and make up, Raj made it clear that he wasn't jumping at the proposal. \"This topic isn't on my agenda at this moment,\" he told this newspaper late Thursday evening. When asked to comment on MNS MLA Bala Nandgaonkar's sounds bytes to the channel, welcoming Bal Thackeray's proposal, Raj declared unequivocally that no one in the MNS was authorised to talk on the subject except him. He then refused to discuss the matter further.Although senior MNS functionaries declined to go on record on the issue, enquiries revealed that Raj is upset with Uddhav's remark to mediapersons on Thursday that the Sena might as well have a tie-up with the Congress instead of going with the MNS. \"Balasaheb Thackeray should first sell the rapprochement idea to Uddhav Thackeray before extending an invite to Rajsaheb,\" said a source in the MNS.The bitter Uddhav-Raj feud, which began in 2002 after the former was installed as Sena CEO at a party conclave, is being seen in the MNS as a major hurdle in the Matoshree-Raj reconciliation. With Raj acting tough with Uddhav, Bal Thackeray will have to intervene to seal a pact with the MNS-this might be to Raj's liking, said MNS sources.The Uddhav camp went into a tizzy early this week when Bal Thackeray dropped hints of a clan reunion. The Sena patriarch renewed the proposal on Thursday soon after the polling for the BMC elections concluded. \"The two cousins should come together in the larger interests of Maharashtra,\" he said in a clear indication that he wanted Raj on board the Sena-BJP-RPI alliance ahead of the state assembly elections in 2014.Uddhav loyalists, however, claimed that the not-so-impressive turnout of voters for the Mumbai civic elections proved that the Congress-NCP had failed to consolidate anti-Sena votes. \"This augurs well for the Sena-BJP-RPI combine,\" a senior Sena leader said on Thursday.Uddhav, too, had told TOI earlier this week that the Sena and its allies would need no \"crutches\" to get their mayor elected in the BMC. It remains to be seen whether the Sena chief can convince Uddhav that having Raj as a poll ally will help the Sena wrest Maharashtra from the long-ruling Congress-NCP alliance.Interestingly, the Marathi television news channel reported that BJP strongman Gopinath Munde's and NCP heavyweight Chhagan Bhujbal's views on the Thackeray reunion drama. Both have welcomed Bal Thackeray's proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11921500", "title": "Volunteer PR catches campus fancy", "text": "BHOPAL: The trend of working as a PR person for an institute while learning is catching on among students of city-based colleges. The rise in number of students handling public relations work across institutions--MANIT, BSSS and NIFT among others--bears this out.So what if they do not get paid for it. Most prefer it this way for the sake of experience. Some others find it good and enjoyable. In charge of the PR cell of the prestigious Bhopal School of Social Sciences (BSSS) and a first year student, Aman Saxena, said handling public relations has developed his communications skills. \"The PR work has given me the opportunity to interact with several people in a day. It is quite beneficial as I am getting work experience while studying,\" Aman said. He has been handling the public relations for the last couple of months.Another student, Anmol Kaur Chhabra, said, \"I get to meet media persons and officers of district administration while handling the institute's PR work. It is interesting, said the third year student of Bhopal-based NIFT and the PR coordinator of the fashion institute.\"Asked about striking a balance between work and studies, student she said, \"It is not full time work. We devote time during events or any other functions being organised in the college. However, handling PR is a challenging task.\" Anmol has been looking after the PR work of the institute for the past three years.Two students of MANIT have been holding the responsibility of PR work. Student of mechanical branch, MANIT's media in charge, Dheeraj Nagwe said representing institute has made a difference to his identity outside the campus even before completing the degree.The PR work has given another opportunity. \"I want to be an entrepreneur after completing the degree. The experience that I am getting here will help me in future,\" he said.Praising students for handling PR work, MANIT public relations officer (PRO) Vinita Mohindra said, \"They have helped me a lot. I could concentrate on the administrative part much comfortably. They do rest of the work for me.\"\"We never want students to work at the cost of their studies. They work at their own convenience. Being the head of the PR department, I am always here to help.\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11919140", "title": "Naxals force 20 trucks off Piparkhedi route", "text": "GONDIA: Naxals have cast a shadow on truck operators of Gondia by threatening them to stop operating in Piparkhedi forest. On Tuesday around 40 armed Naxals ghearoed Piparkhedi village and threatened 20 truck divers with dire consequences if they transported wood from the forest to the depots.Sources said, \"The rebels had strategically posted themselves around Piparkhedi forest and in a surprise move on Tuesday in between 11am and 12 noon, 40 of them seized some the trucks which had gone there to transport the logs. They threatened the drivers not to operate in the route. Following this all the trucks had to return empty.\"Sources said that daily more than 20 trucks transport logs, bamboo and tendu leaves from Piparkhedi forest to various depots located in Morgaon, Deori, Chichgarh and Dongargarh in Gondia district.This is the time of the year when tribals pluck tendu leaves and cut down bamboo trees for the livelihood. From February to May, the forest department also cuts down many trees which are grown for commercial purpose. The logs are transported from Piparkhedi forest to the depots. But, the threat of Naxals will badly affect the sale this season.Piparkhedi forest in 60km from Gondia and comes under Chichgarh police station. Following the incident Gondia superintendent of police Kishore Meena transferred 10 cops - inspector VK Deshmukh and nine constables - from Chichgarh to Deori police headquarters.Speaking to TOI, new in-charge of Chichgarh police station, inspector SR Narnaware said, \"We cannot confirm the exact nature of the threat but we do have evidences of Naxal presence in that part of the forest. We have taken a serious note of it and are working to give proper security.\"However, the truck operators in Gondia are not too upbeat about plying their trucks on the route as they fear the Naxals the most, and unless adequate security is provided to them they won't take up any work in that sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "jaipur/new delhi", "code": "11918972", "title": "Fake pilot arrested from Sanganer in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR/NEW DELHI: The state anti-corruption bureau (ACB) arrested a Delhi-based man on Monday for allegedly obtaining a commercial pilot licence in a fraudulent manner from the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA). Accused Rakesh Mehta is a former student of Rajasthan Flying School.This is the third arrest by ACB in this case, while the Delhi Police has arrested 18 people - including fake pilots and DGCA officials - so far.Mehta was arrested from Sanganer near Jaipur. \"Mehta was a student of the state flying school in Jaipur, whose chief flying instructor, M K Chaudhary, and others were arrested in the fake pilot scam in 2010. Mehta's claim of 150 flying hours was found to be fake,\" additional SP (ACB) Randhir Singh said.He was produced in an ACB court in Jaipur which released him on bail.\"Mehta worked at a flying school in Delhi,\" said Singh.TOI had carried a report in November 2010 revealing at least 14 pilots, who had fraudulently secured licenses, were flying passenger planes in the country.The crime branch has decided to file the final chargesheet in the case by the end of this month. \"We have collected all the necessary evidence and hope to file the chargesheet soon. The DGCA was the main complainant and they have always cooperated with us,'' said a senior crime branch officer.Twenty-one people, including DGCA officials, have been arrested. \"While investigating cases of granting of commercial pilot licence (CPL) through fake marksheets in the Mumbai zone, we had busted a module led by Eknath Patil, a tout from Ahmedabad. Busting of this module led to the arrest of captain Abhishek Kaushik, captain Hiren Nagar and two DGCA officials,\" said Ashok Chand, DCP (crime).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11919000", "title": "Maharashtra school boards discuss score normalization", "text": "MUMBAI: With the Centre expected to take a decision on giving 40% weightage to Std XII scores for admission to IITs and other centrally funded engineering institutes, the Council of Boards of School Education (CoBSE) discussed the possibilities of having a normalization process in assessing students from all state boards on Thursday.As different boards in the country vary in their evaluation process, their representatives met in Delhi to discuss possible ways to normalize their scores vis-a-vis the 40% weightage.An official said: \"As all the boards have their own criteria for assessment, there should be some way to get uniform scores. If the Centre decides to give 40% weightage to Std XII scores across the country, there should be a method to normalize the scores from all boards, including the central board. There have been different suggestions, such as counting only the physics-chemistry-mathematics (PCM) marks for admission, but nothing has been finalized.\"Before the system of entrance exams started in the country, admission to all engineering colleges was given on the basis of PCM marks. On the other hand, admission to all medical courses was given on the basis of PCB (biology) scores; relying on the PCM-PCB scores could be one of the solutions.Another suggestion involved having a varied list of combinations from which the state boards could pick a process that suited their requirements. The Centre has called a meetingof the education ministers of all states to further discuss the issue and seek their approvals.Thursday's meeting also discussed how the importance of school education was waning among students. An official said there was a lot of emphasis on entrance exams, but students were not worried about attending classes. Most of the competitive tests had multiple-choice questions and there was little stress on board exams, which were more subjective and in-depth, added the official.CBSE chairperson Vineet Joshi and Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education chairperson Sarjerao Jadhav were among those who attended the meeting.The Centre is expected to decide on giving 40% weightage to Std XII scores for admission to engineering institutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11920851", "title": "3 tainted netas submit explanation to speaker", "text": "BANGALORE: Three tainted former ministers, facing charges of watching porn clips last week during the legislature assembly proceedings, submitted their replies on Thursday to speaker KG Bopaiah.Former ministers Laxman Savadi, C C Patil and Krishna J Palemar sent their version of the incident through their advocates, who handed over the written explanation to Bopaiah who had earlier turned down their appeal for one more week to respond to the show-cause notice.The trio quit on February 8, a day after TV news channels showed them watching sleazy clips. \"Their response has reached my office. I'll look into it,\" Bopaiah told reporters here without elaborating.He added he would go ahead with his plan to set up an assembly committee to probe the episode despite the opposition Congress and JD(S) members who wanted to stay out claiming there's no need for a probe. \"I'll wait till Friday. Then, the law will take its own course,\" he added.Refusing to reveal the submissions of the former ministers, Bopaiah said he will not comment on the issue. \"I cannot answer hypothetical questions. If the committee finds them guilty , the law will take its course,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11919292", "title": "SCCI for fast redressal of traders\u2019 grievances", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: With a view to redressing the grievances of the traders at their doorstep, the Singhbhum Chamber of Commerce and Industry (SCCI) has launched an interaction programme 'Chamber aapke dwar' on Thursday. The SCCI has launched this programme to reach out to several petty traders, who normally stay away from regular meetings and interaction sessions of the organization held at chamber building from time to time.\"We have reports about several small and marginal traders, who are confronting administrative and legal problems in their business, but due to some reasons they haven't reached us or contacted us. However, being an elected representative of the traders, we have taken the initiative to reach out to them,\" said SCCI secretary Bharat Vasani.SCCI delegation will tour each area, beginning from Mango each day and contact the trader concerned at his shop and inquire about his problems. According to SCCI, taxation issues and unprofessional conduct of the tax officials, who visit the shop for tax inquiry, is largely troubling the small traders. Recently, SCCI functionaries and other trade representatives of Kolhan division were embroiled in a face-off with commercial tax officials when SCCI president R K Agarwal was allegedly prevented from making his point at an interactive session convened by the commercial tax department.\"The big entrepreneurs are by and large competent enough to resolve their issues with government agencies. But small traders in particular, deserve our support and help,\" said Vasani. He also regretted that small traders mostly stay away from meetings held with different government agencies and traders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11921224", "title": "TOI is now on Kaifi Azmi Road", "text": "HYDERABAD: Names of music greats Ustad Bismillah Khan, Bhimsen Joshi and lyricist poet Kaifi Azmi will now grace major road stretches in the city.The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has decided to name Road No. 3, Banjara Hills after noted lyricist and poet Kaifi Azmi, while Ramkote-Eden Gardens road has been named after Ustad Bismillah Khan and Sultan Bazar-Ramkote circle after Pandit Bhimsen Joshi. The offices of TOI are located on Road No 3, Banjara Hills.The standing committee of the municipal corporation which met on Thursday passed a unanimous resolution proposing names for the roads. Briefing the media, mayor Majid Hussain said a minar would be constructed at Bahadurpura junction in memory of freedom fighter Alama Fazed-e-Haq.Among other decisions, the standing committee also gave green signal to engage private agencies for survey for rationalization of house numbering in the municipal corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11926539", "title": "Rockstar was an experiment: AR Rahman", "text": "AR Rahman, who has won almost all the popular awards for \" Rockstar \" says that it was an experiment that clicked.\"When I started working on \"Rockstar\", we wanted to do something different with it. It was my experiment in a way, and I was not sure if it could work, or if people would accept that kind of music, but people have been very kind and every track has got good response,\" says Rahman.The musical maestro is now gearing up to compose for Yash Chopra's comeback film - his first for the Yash Raj banner. \"It's a great honour to work with Yash ji. He has great sense of music and I think, working with him will complete my whole circle of Hindi movies,\" he says.With so many hit albums to his credit, does the maestro ever have an imperfect day? \"Yeah, in fact many imperfect days,\" he laughs. \"Every day is a fight, because not every time things fall in place, we need to work hard - sometimes things fall perfectly, sometimes they don't, but we have to be uncompromising, if we compromise then we are not being truthful to the art or to the people,\" he adds. And, how does he deal with a bad day? \"By taking a break,\" he shares, adding, \"That's the reason I do less films, so that I can leave for a week or maybe a month even and then come back to work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "tumkur", "code": "11920974", "title": "Kunigal man keeps wife\u2019s body in box", "text": "TUMKUR: A man, who is serving a jail sentence for killing a woman with whom he was living, has allegedly killed his wife. Ravikumar allegedly killed his wife Sujatha, 26, and stuffed her body in a box in Kunigal town of Tumkur district on Wednesday. He fled from the spot.The couple was married five years ago and they have a girl child. Two years ago, Ravikumar left his wife for another woman. But he killed her and is serving a jail sentence. Last month, he was released on bail, and went back to his wife in Kunigal. He killed his wife on Wednesday and locked up the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11919667", "title": "B Tech boy held for carrying narcotics", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A BTech degree holder, Harpeet Singh, was arrested for possessing 21gm smack on Wednesday night. Police have also seized the car of accused Harpreet, who is a resident of Phase II, Mohali. He has done BTech from Doaba College of Engineering, Kharar,Harpreet is the son of a leading industrialist of Mohali, and the seized car was registered on his father's name. The accused has been sent to judicial custody for 14 days on Thursday. Harpreet is the fifth student who was arrested by Chandigarh Police for possessing narcotics. On January 15, Rakesh Malhotra, a private engineering student, was held for possessing 15gm charas near Sector 35. Sub-inspector Ram Rattan said, \"Accused Harpreet claimed during interrogation that he had purchased 27gm smack for Rs 45,000 from near Haveli on Jalandhar road and a part of the consignment was taken by his colleague Rocky of Balongi village in Mohali.\" Accused had tried to escape a check point, but was nabbed in Marble Market located in Sarangpur. A case was registered at police station in Sector 11.Drug use among students of various institutes was exposed when crime branch had arrested a notorious supplier Devinder Kumar of Naya Gaon and recovered 70gm charas from his possession near Punjab Engineering College (PEC) in November, 2011. The charas was meant for PEC students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11923459", "title": "Ali Zafar travels by local train", "text": "London Paris New York Lead pair of 'London Paris New York -Ali Zafar and co-star Aditi Rao recently performed at the Kala Ghoda festival post which the actor wanted to travel by the city's local trains and spontaneously decided to board the first class compartment of the train at Churchgate and got off at Andheri. Quick thinking on Ali's part, the singer-actor decided to don a disguise (monkey cap and shawl) and travel by the local trains to cut the traffic.Says producer Shrishti Arya \"Ali is a very grounded person who has no starry airs. When traveling by train was suggested he jumped at the suggestion. We were a little concerned about his safety but his enthusiasm was infectious and we let him do it only after he got into this get up\" Confirms Ali \"\"I don't know why, but I just instinctively decided to travel in the local train and experience this side of Mumbai. Since my friends had warned me of huge crowds during rush hour, I was forced to hide my face. But it was fun travelling by train. It felt real and helped me connect with the city's energy. I would love to do it again.\"Promising to bring the wit back into Bollywood's romantic comedies, London Paris New York starring Ali Zafar and Aditi Rao Hydari , mirrors the 3 states of love set in an international scenario. It also marks the directorial debut of Anu Menon. Sumit Jha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "panaji/ kochi", "code": "11919942", "title": "Kerala girl missing from Canacona railway station", "text": "PANAJI/ KOCHI: Found abandoned at the Bandra railway station in Mumbai, Aleena Hussain, 22, who claimed to be from Idukki, Kerala, went missing from the Canacona railway station on Thursday, while she was being taken home by the Kerala police.Two women police officials and a senior civil police officer, entrusted by the Kerala government to bring Hussain home safely, were returning with her from Mumbai by Netravati Express on Wednesday. \"She was last seen at Canacona railway station at about 12.29am on Thursday by the station master. On seeing her alone, the station master questioned her and she responded that her father was waiting for her and walked out of the railway station. She has been missing since then,\" said an official from the Canacona police station.The train was running an hour late and reached Canacona at 12.27am, where it stopped for two minutes. \"Kerala police informed us that on learning that Hussain had gone missing, they got off at Karwar (24 minutes from Canacona) and took a taxi back to Goa and tried searching for her,\" police said.However, when their efforts didn't yield results, the Kerala police contacted the Canacona police at about 8am. \"The Kerala police contacted us on Thursday morning. A police team from Canacona along with the Kerala team are searching for Hussain along the beaches, guest houses and shacks in the area, as well as in the villages in and around Canacona,\" said Canacona PI Rajesh Kumar.Acting on a complaint given by Kannur railway police station PSI C Purshottama, the Canacona police registered a missing complaint.The PSI in his complaint said that they were travelling back home by third AC (B1 coach) and Hussain was with them till Canacona. But just before the train reached Karwar, they realized that Hussain was missing, the PSI added in his complaint.Hussain was found wandering at the Bandra railway station on February 6 and was lodged at Mumbai's Bapnu Ghar, a charity home for women and children in Worli. After TOI reported her story, the Kerala government decided to extend a helping hand to her and on Monday sent the police officials to Mumbai to bring her home safely.Caught napping, the Kerala Railway Protection Force (RPF) as well as the police accompanying her claim that \"the girl had shown signs of mental depression and abnormal behavior, and said they were planning to seek a psychologist's help once they reached Kozhikode\".The police officials accompanying her claimed that Hussain was not willing to reveal much and when they repeatedly asked for her name, she turned violent. The police are now wondering if Hussain is really from Idukki as she claimed to the RPF, Bandra.\"Her accent is very different from the accent of those who live in Idukki,\" said a woman police officer accompanying her.Rajan John, superintendent, RPF, Kannur, said, \"Our plan was to get her to Kozhikode, where she could be counselled by psychologists. Police had made arrangements at a hospital for the same\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "jerusalem", "code": "11924559", "title": "India's UN support for Palestinians a 'mistake': Israeli minister", "text": "JERUSALEM: India's support for the Palestinians at the UN is a \"mistake\", a senior Israeli minister has claimed, saying he intends to \"persuade\" New Delhi to change its stand.Touching upon a wide range of fields of cooperation between India and Israel, minister for energy and water resources Uzi Landau also acknowledged differences between the two countries on the issue.\"Let me use this opportunity to also express my concern. I think it is a mistake and I believe one of my challenges will be also to persuade our colleagues in India to believe that this is actually distancing us more from peace than what we think we could have been at,\" said Landau, who represents ultra-nationalist Yisrael Beteinu party in the government.\"If we were to have governments in the Palestinian Authority (PA) with leaders such as Sadat of Egypt, we would have reached peace and things would have been different. But opposed to this situation Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has signed a series of agreements with us but when it comes to the fulfillment of these agreements, he backs off,\" he said.Arguing that the Palestinian Authority's recent UN bid for recognition is in flagrant violation of agreements between the two sides, he said the acceptance of the same by member states would make peace making even more complicated.\"If this is accepted then what incentive will anyone in this region have to sign agreements with us if they know that when it comes to the minute of compromise they can simply just go to the United Nations ,\" Landau asserted.\"It must be clear to everyone that peace will be reached here following a compromise, negotiations, where each of the sides will have its own part of the deal,\" he emphasised.When asked about New Delhi's assertion that Israel's settlement activities are a stumbling block in peace making, Landau said that it is an excuse Palestinians have found to avoid negotiations.\"For all those decades we have had with them so many agreements and the settlements were never a problem. Never a problem,\" he stressed.\"It is something new the Palestinians have found in order to evade the need to negotiate. This is in order to try and find an excuse not to re-negotiate peace,\" he said.Accusing Palestinians of racism, the Yisrael Beteinu leader questioned why Jews cannot live in a future Palestinian state when Israel has given full rights to all its minorities.\"This is racism on the part of the Palestinians and on the part of those who really do not want peace. Settlements are not the real issue\", he again emphasised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11919732", "title": "2 arrested for trespassing into Kaithal DC's guest house room", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Three days after the mysterious trespassing into the UT guest house room of a senior IAS officer, A Amona Srinivasan, who is the deputy commission (DC) of Kaithal district, Chandigarh Police have arrested two employees including a receptionist Paramjit Singh and bellboy Amit Kumar in this regard, on Thursday.Accused bellboy had entered the room (room no. 108) of deputy commissioner from the balcony of room no. 109, in which he was staying illegally.DC Srinivasan lodged a police complaint alleging an unidentified person had entered her room in her absence and left when she was sleeping on February 13.Police sources said the CCTV footage of guest house revealed that accused bellboy had taken the keys of room no. 109 from the receptionist and locked himself in the room. Later, he entered the room of DC Srinivasan during night with the intention of theft. When he was leaving the room his foot hit a table and Srinivasan woke up, sources added.SHO of PS 3, Punam Dilawari, said room no. 109 was earlier occupied by four persons, but as they expressed problem in the water tap of the room, they were shifted to room no. 111 by the bellboy.Police investigation revealed a number of lapses on the part of the guest house management as during night, when the incident took place, not a single senior management official was present at the premises and the receptionist and bellboy were handling all affairs. Police sources said investigation revealed that some of the occupants at the guest house also consumed alcohol at the premises, which is prohibited.Both accused would be produced in district courts, Sector 17, on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11920332", "title": "Cops keeping tabs on Iranians in city", "text": "HYDERABAD: City police have begun gathering details of Iranian nationals living in the city following the terror blast targeting an Israeli envoy in New Delhi earlier this week.Iranians have been an intrinsic part of the city for decades with many of the families running restaurants and cafeteria businesses. Several popular eateries including Bawarchi, Paradise, Sarvy, Grand Hotel, Garden restaurant, Alpha Hotel and scores of Iranian chai cafes are the gifts of Iranians to the Hyderabad population. Keeping in view the cultural bonding between the two societies and countries, police have adopted a cautious approach in gathering data about the activities of people from the community.As per the data with the intelligence department, there are 2,272 Iranians residing in the city. While a majority of them settled here decades ago, about 400 are on student visas, an official said. Most of the students are studying in Osmania University main campus and various colleges affiliated to it. There are also a significant number of Iranian students at Maulana Azad National Urdu University (Mannu), University of Hyderabad and Eflu. Fingers were quickly pointed at Iranian groups for the terror attack in New Delhi. Intelligence sleuths across the country are gathering details about the activities of Iranians following a similar series of terror blasts at Bangkok, where local police took two Iranian nationals into custody on suspicion. \"There is no official direction to check the antecedents of Iranians, but we have started to keep tabs on the activities of younger members of the community,\" said an official. According to Bureau of Immigration (BoI) sources, at present there are about 8500 registered foreign nationals residing in the city.When contacted, a spokesperson of Iranian consulate, Hyderabad, Ali Akbar Nirumand, said that so far they have not received any complaints from the city-based Iranian. \"So far there has been no information about any kind of harassment faced by Iranians in Hyderabad and if required, we will fully cooperate with the government agencies,\" Ali Akbar Nirumand said. In addition to Iran, police have also been asked to check data pertaining to Lebanese nationals but it was confirmed by the intelligence sleuths that there are no Lebanese nationals in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11919053", "title": "Learning is now more interesting and interactive", "text": "JAIPUR: Instead of a teacher's monologue explaining the food-chain of animals, these days classrooms are abuzz with video clips streaming on YouTube . Students are more comfortable in giving power-point presentations and audio-visual techniques while teachers make most of the 3D images to explain the toughest of lessons. Welcome to the world of digital classrooms in schools which are slowly, but steadily replacing the traditional classrooms having chalks and blackboard.About a decade ago, one dreamt and talked of 'open-air classrooms' for better learning. The closed room teaching with teachers scribbling on black boards was much criticised. However, that was then. The rooms might be the same but the environment within the rooms has changed completely. The conventional black-board has made way for digital equipment, making the learning process not just more colourful but also more interesting.Pearl Singh, a Class XII (commerce) student of Maharani Gayatri Devi School, observed that the Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) system is good for students who are consistent in studies. \"This system has partly put an end to mugging of lessons and jotting notes. It has more scope for students to sharpen their creativity and showcase skills in different spectrums. I found it far interesting and easy to understand the subjects than the earlier form of textbook learning,'' says Pearl.To make education more interactive and learning a fun experience, many schools are opting for Information and Communication Technology-enabled smart classes where digital black boards, audio-visual rooms and interactive sessions have replaced traditional blackboards and textbooks. The tech-savvy students not only enjoy their studies through these methodologies but keenly participate in the learning process. Audio-visual rooms, e-boards and knowledge centres are adding a new dimension to the teaching style.\"Smart classes have changed the process of learning. These days it is happening more through screens -- be it television, laptop or films. Students are very quick in learning new technologies and if they are used to impart education, it enhances the understanding of the concepts. Also, students do not want to hear teacher all the time. There has to be a bit extra to keep them hook. Technology helps in that,\" said Seema Bhatnagar, principal, Delhi Public School.Use of technology is not restricted just to classrooms. Teachers are using social networking sites and emails to engage with their students and parents. The assignments are now accepted through emails. Groups are made on Facebook to keep the students updated about classes and school activities. Similarly, students are using it to upload interesting videos and articles about topics of their interest on the group page and share it with everyone.\"We allow our students to submit their assignments through emails. It saves paper and students also find it easy. We also encourage them do more research and find various dimensions of the particular topics on internet. In the periods at smart classes, the attention of the students is very high. Digital learning gives the exact reproduction of the concept,\" said Bela Joshi, principal, Subodh Public School.Viewing the change, the libraries in schools are also getting IT enabled. With every textbook, a CD version is also available for students. Smart cards have made inroads which keep track of books issued online. \"Administration of books is done through software. This help us in making list of popular books and keep a tab on the reading trends among children. The ebooks are all available online,\" said Jayshree Periwal, director-principal of Step By Step group of schools.Educationists feel that teachers act more as facilitators, while ICT provides elementary and sometimes even detailed understanding of subjects. With a shift in learning process, it is not just students who are learning but teachers too often learn from their students. \"With students quick in adapting to modern technology, very soon they will lead the classroom discussion and tell teachers what is happening around,\" added Bhatnagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11911815", "title": "Karan Johar won't free EMAET director soon", "text": "A day after Valentine's Day, the mood at the Dharma Productions office is upbeat. The Imran Khan-Kareena Kapoor romcom Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu has passed the litmus test. \"The collections saw a huge jump on Valentine's Day in India and the UK,\" says producer Karan Johar , adding, \"The celebrations continue though. We had the hugely successful Agneepath two weeks ago, and now EMAET has brought in its share of profits.''Johar says it was heartening for all involved in the film to wake up on February 10 to four-star ratings in most publications. \"You hardly ever get this kind of appreciation from critics for a romcom. They are normally viewed as fluff, but Shakun Batra has managed to do the impossible. He and Karan Malhotra (the director of Agneepath) are under contract with Dharma, and I'm going to make sure neither of them moves out till they finish their quota of three films for my banner!\" he laughs.Karan also feels that EMEAT is Imran Khan's finest performance to date. \"Playing Rahul came naturally to Imran. As for Kareena, she seems to get better with every film. Bodyguard and RA.One got her box office success, but EMEAT got her immense praise along with success. That's a heady combination.\"The producer-director sums up his current happy state by saying, \"Seeing the report cards for both Shakun and Karan (Malhotra), I feel like a proud parent sitting with other parents in the audience, applauding their children for performing extremely well at a school play!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11923734", "title": "SC stays proceedings in 2 cases against Abu Salem", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday stayed the trial against Abu Salem in the Mumbai blast case and the Pradeep Jain murder case.The apex court issued notice to the Centre and the CBI on Salem's petition saying no charge which entails death penatly could be slapped on him after the recent rulings on his extradition issue by the Portugal Supreme Court.An apex court bench headed by Justice P Sathasivam while issuing a notice to the central government and the external affairs ministry observed that it involved the larger question of whether the executive decisions by the government would affect the judicial decisions of the courts in Portugal.The Portuguese courts, while permitting the extradition of Abu Salem, had said that he should not be awarded death sentence or imprisoned for more than 25 years.The court also issued notice seeking assistance from attorney general G. Vahanwati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11919800", "title": "Delhi IITian's counsel takes his surety", "text": "KANPUR: Counsel Shivakant Dixit, on Thursday, declared himself as surety to seek bail of Surendra Bhukia, a third-year student of IIT-Delhi.The counsel pleaded that he had complied with the directions of court, therefore his client be released on bail from Kanpur jail. The special court of SC/ST presided by Arun Prakash granted bail to Bhukia on Wednesday and had ordered to furnish a personal bond of Rs 20,000 and two sureties of like amount.The other surety was submitted by Surendra Bhukia's father. The student had been charged by the Kalyanpur police of compelling a woman to marry him, criminal intimidation and committing offences under Information Technology Act.Bhukia was an outsider and had no relatives or friends in Kanpur, his counsel Dixit helped him and appeared before the court as a surety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11918986", "title": "College student raped, mom registers FIR", "text": "JAIPUR: Mother of an 18-year old woman on Wednesday registered an FIR with Jalupura police station alleging that her daughter was abducted and raped in a hotel in Chandpol area on Tuesday. According to the police, the girl, a resident of Samod area near Chomu in Jaipur rural, is a second-year Bachelor of Arts (BA) student.\"The mother registered the FIR on Wednesday saying that one Ramanuj, a resident of the same village, forced the girl into a car on Tuesday and took her to a hotel in Chandpol area,\" said sub-inspector Data Ram. He added that the girl was taken into room number 202 of the hotel where the accused raped her repeatedly.\"The mother also says that Ramanuj threatened the girl not to tell anyone about the incident. However, she told her mother after returning home,\" said the officer. The police have taken the victim's statement in which she confirmed that she was raped.\"Medical examination also suggests that the girl has been raped. We are searching for the accused,\" the officer added. FIR has been registered under sections 363, 366, 376 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11920101", "title": "'Mahendra died due to ante-mortem smothering'", "text": "LUCKNOW: The post-mortem report of Mahendra, that reached the Lakhimpur police late on Thursday evening, added a new twist to the incident. According to a senior police official, it has been confirmed that the cause of the death is ante-mortem smothering. Appraised of the developments, chief secretary Anoop Misra ordered Inspector General of Police (IGP) Lucknow Range Jawed Akhtar and director Forensic Science Lab (FSL) Uttar Pradesh Dr S Upadhyay to visit the crime scene on Friday morning and submit a detailed report on the entire case.The new twist that the post-mortem report added to the case is the findings that Mahendra was strangulated. This has put a question mark on the claims of Lakhimpur police that they had to break open the door of the room in which the body was found. Going by the police claims, it explains that the doors to the room were either locked or bolted from inside. This is not possible in normal circumstances as a man lying strangled in the room cannot could not have locked/bolted the doors from inside. With the Lakhimpur police reiterating its claims of having breaking and opening the door to gain access to the room, the two situations project a direct contradiction. This has prompted the state administration to send the senior officials to the scene of crime for a first hand assessment of the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11919067", "title": "Trio held after Rs 1L cash found in car", "text": "AMRAVATI: Rajapeth police on Wednesday arrested three persons after they found Rs 1 lakh, voters list and a pamphlet of candidate Gajanan Banarase in their car at Sai Nagar locality. Gajanan is contesting from Sai Nagar.Police stated that prima facie it appeared that money was being carried to be distributed among voters on the eve of elections. Police have booked Ulhas Bijwe, Kishor Gulhane and Ulhas Gulhane under relevant sections of IPC. All three accused were released on bail in the night.In the wee hours of Wednesday, the police had seized Rs 3.16 lakh from Sunil Agrawal who was carrying cash on his bike. He told the police that he owed money to an agriculture service centre in APMC area and was on his way home after closing the shop. He was asked to produce documents related to cash. When the cops were convinced that money was not meant for election purpose, Agrawal was released. No offence was registered in the matter.Police commissioner Amitesh Kumar said that it was found that money which Agrawal was carrying was not meant for election purpose hence no case was registered. However, in the Sai Nagar case, voters list and candidate's pamphlets made it evident that money was being misused and therefore a case was registered.In another incident, cops seized Rs 30,000 from BSP candidate Ajay Gondane and Atul Lanjewar from Dastur Nagar locality during night patrolling. Gondane is contesting from Wadarpura locality. Both were arrested and a case registered against them. Further investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11919490", "title": "Was assaulted by rivals at poll booth: SP candidate", "text": "NASHIK: Samajwadi Party candidate, Dilawar Khan Pathan, was allegedly attacked by his political opponents at the Rehnuma Urdu School in Kazipura at 4pm. Pathan alleged that his political opponents were engaged in unfair means to woo voters and that even the police failed to pay attention to his complaints about the same.\"From the morning, my political opponents and their relatives were engaging in unfair means. I have been complaining to the police about the same but they did not pay any attention to my requests. Finally my rivals assaulted me at 4pm when I was at the polling station at Rehnuma School. I was hit on the head with an iron rod and have received four stitches,\" Pathan said.Tension prevailed in the area after the incident as people began to run for shelter. Pathan was taken to hospital and then to the Bhadrakali police station. Pathan said, \"The relatives and supporters of NCP candidate Sufi Jin attacked me. I know their faces and can recognize them.\"At the time of going to press, an FIR was being registered at the Bhadrakali police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11921110", "title": "War of words at PCTE", "text": "LUDHIANA: A national-level 'British parliamentary debate' kicked off at Punjab College of Technical Education (PCTE) on Thursday with 34 teams from management and professional institutions across the country. The debate has been organized by Ludhiana Management Association (LMA) and PCTE to showcase the spontaneity, oratory skills and expression of opinion.The event will conclude on Saturday and winners will be given cash prizes worth Rs 75,000. On Thursday, PCTE campus was abuzz with excitement. Harpreet Kang, chairperson of LMA students forum said, \"Best teams of the country like Welingkar, Mumbai, Banaras Hindu University are participating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11921789", "title": "Invest in business studies for higher gains &amp; grades", "text": "NEW DELHI: The business studies curriculum for Class XII may be as text-heavy and vast as social studies, but mugging won't help score high marks. That's what commerce student Zenia Taluja believes. So she focuses on understanding topics well and writing answers in her own words. A Class XII student from Springdales School at Pusa Road , Zenia says she is devoted to business studies as it can help her achieve a good aggregate in the Board exams.\"Though business studies is a theoretical subject, I am not leaving it for last. I have been quite regular in preparing it all through the year and that has helped me get thorough with all the topics. However , I still revise them every day as business studies is the second paper with only five days to prepare after the first exam ,\" says the 17-year-old , who juggles time between tuitions and self-study to accommodate all subjects.She chalks out a schedule for herself for the next day before going to bed every night. \"I am not taking any tuition for business studies. Our teacher made us practise the topics enough and I am also using the sample papers to revise at this stage. I aim at scoring at least 95 %.\"Zenia prefers preparing for business studies at night after getting done with other subjects. Currently , her target is revising two chapters every night. \"Marketing is a huge chapter and carries a weightage of 14 marks. I have divided it into two equal halves for my convenience. I revise them separately now,\" she says. \"I only go through the NCERT text as it contains every thing that would be asked in the paper. I am also preparing the questions given by our teacher that require high-order thinking skills (HOTS). These questions can carry as many as six marks each and, thus, are important to crack.\"She gets up around nine every morning and studies till late in the night. She may sit for a law entrance test after Class XII or go for BA (honours ) economics. She says she can't do without short breaks between studying two subjects. \"I either watch some television or go out for a walk. However, I make sure that walk is a short one as it becomes difficult to get the same concentration level back if I stay away for too long,\" says Zenia. She says she wants to score at least 95 % in aggregate as anything less may not take her anywhere. \"I have put in a lot of hard work. I am now waiting to see how I would finally perform.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11918603", "title": "GTU to give scanned answer sheets to students", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Technological University (GTU) is planning to adopt a system where students of diploma, degree engineering, pharmacy, MBA, MCA, architecture and hotel management will be given scanned copies of their answer sheets for re-assessment and re-checking.As of now, students of technical colleges are not given or shown answer sheets when they apply for re-assessment and re-checking.The idea behind the university's planned measure is to ensure greater transparency. \"We acknowledge that if the students are shown their answer sheets and the marks obtained, there will be greater transparency which will inspire trust. We also want the students to learn from their mistakes,\" said vice chancellor of GTU A K Aggrawal.Aggrawal added that the university is deliberating upon its technical ability to scan 20 lakh to 25 lakh answer sheets of students from different technical colleges.In order to understand how the project can be implemented, a committee will be sent to Belgaum, Karnataka, where the university scans answer sheets and sends a copy to the students if and when they apply for reassessment.Aggrawal said the scanning of the answer sheets will also ensure that the teachers will be more aware and paper checking will be free of errors.The project, if finalized, will be implemented in December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11918885", "title": "Same old story in city", "text": "PUNE: It was the same old story of voter indifference with barely 51% of the electorate turning up to cast their ballots in the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) elections held here on Thursday. In the last civic elections in 2007, the turnout was only marginally better at 53%.The situation was almost similar in neighbouring Pimpri-Chinchwad, with 53% of the electorate casting their votes. In fact, this turnout is likely to be the lowest ever since 1986 for the twin township. The polling percentage was 56.66 in 2007.The average turnout in the 10 municipal corporations in the state that went to the polls on Thursday was a dismal 42%, with Mumbai recording a lowly 46%. Polling in both Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad was peaceful, barring an incident of stone-pelting at Pimpri.The PMC elections will decide the fate of 1,177 candidates. Counting of votes will begin on Friday morning and the results are expected by 3 pm. In 2002, the polling percentage had hit a low of 50.76 in the first phase of the elections and 51.49 in the second phase. The voter turnout was 60.72% and 57.80% in the 1997 and 1992 elections respectively.Polling on Thursday began on a dull note, with only 41.04% of the electorate casting their ballots till 3.30 pm. It picked up during the last few hours and reached around 51% by 5.30 pm. Among the 14 divisional ward offices on Thursday, the Nagar road office recorded the lowest turnout of 45.5% while the highest turnout was recorded by the Hadapsar ward office at 54.80%.Much was expected by way of voter turnout in this year's civic polls. The state government and social organisations had gone all out with their efforts and appeals to ensure that citizens cast their votes. Political observers too had felt that the polling percentage would be better this time, given that the average voter was younger and more aware of larger political and economic issues. Citizens had become more vocal about what they expected from their leaders after Anna Hazare's Lokpal agitation. Public indignation over the lack of civic amenities was growing too. But none of this seemed to translate into votes on Thursday.\"We have to look at the reasons for the low turnout,\" said municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak. \"This is not a good sign for the city's development. This trend of not voting is dangerous.\"\"This poor show is disappointing. Voter indifference is definitely a cause for concern,\" said Satish Khot, president, National Society for Clean Cities.The low turnout left senior party leaders squirming too. Many of them felt that their star campaigners had lost their appeal. Political and social experts pointed to a disconnect between the candidates and the voters, particularly in the urban areas.City Congress chief sought to blame the \"defective\" voter lists for the poor turnout. \"The people want to vote. However, many people's names were missing from the lists,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11919890", "title": "Is the government giving enough attention to safety of bridges in the state?", "text": "No, government is not taking any measures to ensure safety of bridges in the state. If the government was serious about the safety of bridges in the state, the Codli bridge incident would not have happened. The state government must set up a dedicated and fully empowered committee to look after safety and maintenance of bridges in Goa. The committee must have powers to conduct surprise checks of bridges, including private bridges built and operated by mining and other companies.Anagha SabnisLecturer, BicholimIt is the primary responsibility of the government to inspect, assess and ensure the structural stability of the bridges. Unfortunately, it has miserably failed in its duties. The government has failed to prevent overloaded commercial vehicles from plying on bridges which leads to their early deterioration.Aziz ShaikhCivil engineer, VascoNo, not at all. When we travel on bridges we don't know if we will cross them safely. On the Mandovi river, the traffic of barges and other vessels is so heavy that barges hit pillars of the bridges. So you don't know when the bridge will collapse. The other main bridge, the Zuari is also in a bad shape. This has been admitted by the PWD. There are cracks on the bridge and steel is corroded. At any time it may collapse and cause a gap between North and South Goa. Overloaded containers carrying material for industrial estates ply on bridges, such traffic should be diverted.Fatima de SaEx-transport minister, PorvorimYes, the government is paying enough attention to the safety of bridges in the state. The concerned government department conducts routine checks on every bridge in the state after every six months. During the checks it has to inspect the loading capacity and condition of the bridge with the help of technical knowhow and well equipped machinery. Bridges on highways and on other roads are also checked periodically.Narhari SawantTransport agent, Bicholim", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11920533", "title": "Seven-member panel to probe Porngate", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka assembly speaker KG Bopaiah on Thursday announced a seven-member house committee to probe Porngate involving the three former ministers - Laxman Savadi, CC Patil and Krishna J Palemar. This comes despite the opposition's decision to stay out of such a panel.The committee has four BJP MLAs - Shrishailappa Bidarur, Sureshgowda, SR Vishwanath and Nehru Olekar - two Congress members Dr HC Mahadevappa and Amaregowda Bayyapur, and JD(S) MLA Dinakar Shetty. The committee has to submit its report before March 13. \"If the opposition is unwilling to be part of the committee, it's up to them,\" Bopaiah said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bangkok", "code": "11921020", "title": "Israelis targets of terror plot: Thai top cop", "text": "BANGKOK: Backing Israel's claims, Thai police chief has said the three Iranian suspects arrested after the triple blasts here were plotting to target Israeli diplomats and confirmed that the sticky bomb found at the attacks' site matched the explosives used in Monday's incident in Delhi.\"I can tell you that the target was specific and aimed at Israeli diplomatic staff,\" police chief Gen Prewpan Dhamapong told a local TV station on Wednesday.Bangkok governor Sukhumbhand Paribatra urged the public to stay calm saying everything was being done to ensure people's safety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11920139", "title": "Run David Run: 4,000km jog for a cause", "text": "CHENNAI: Nothing, not even diarrhoea, internal bleeding or a sprained hip muscle could stop David Grier. The 52-year-old hotelier from South Africa, an asthmatic, who just completed a 93-day, 4,000-km run from Kashmir to Kanyakumari to create awareness on asthma and raise money for cleft-lip surgeries, was fired by the desire to reach his goal. \"There was a lot of pain, but I kept telling myself that with every kilometre I was covering, I was bringing a smile to a child's face,\" he says.Grier, who began the run along with Andrew Stuart and Nick Heygate on October 31 last year, ended it on February 12, was in the city on his way home. \"We completed the first 300km quickly to leave Kashmir as soon as possible. We then touched Pinjar in Punjab, ran through Ludhiana, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, the farming lands of Maharashtra before touching Tamil Nadu,\" he says.The lean and strong Grier is a far cry, by his own account, from the overweight (110kg) asthmatic chef who became a successful hotel manager in Cape Town. \" I was feeling lethargic, sloppy and useless mentally. I then went to a doctor and realized I had asthma. Two of my four children too have asthma. I then decided to do something for people around me,\" he says. A chance meeting with a woman from 'Operation Smile,' an organization doing free cleft lip surgeries in Africa, changed his life. \"Though I was doing small things for asthma awareness, I realized how a surgery could give a person his or her life. That's when I decided to run along the 4200km Great Wall of China in 2006 to raise funds, and two years later along the entire South African coast.\"His runs, says Grier, have helped bring his family together. \"One of my daughters was into substance abuse. Today she manages 'Operation Smile' across Madagascar and Swaziland,\" he says. Grier, who has already raised around Rs 2.5 crore for cleft lip surgeries, says the money raised in India would be used exclusively for children here. His next destination? 'Cuba,' he says smiling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11920227", "title": "TV anchor faces \u2018dowry harassment\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: A television anchor on Thursday lodged a dowry harassment complaint against her husband at the Central Crime Station (CCS).Deputy commissioner of police (Detective Department) J Satyanarayana said that Meghana Reddy, a television anchor, lodged a complaint that her husband Nagender Reddy has been harassing her for additional dowry. He even threatened her that an ACP was his friend, he added.``We did not get any complaint against any police officer in this case,'' the DCP said.In the complaint, Meghana Reddy claimed that at the behest of the ACP, a Malakpet police team went to her brother Sainath's residence and picked him up. She alleged that the ACP threatened to foist criminal cases if she did not withdraw the dowry harassment complaint besides not dragging the ACP's name. Sainath was let off after civil society organizations located him at the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "director", "code": "11924748", "title": "Ekk Deewana Tha: Movie Review", "text": "Director: Gautham Vasudev Menon Cast: Prateik Babbar, Amy JacksonThis love story gives you the option of two alternate endings to choose from. Irrespective of any standalone version that you choose, you still get the feeling of having watched multiple endings. That's because, what starts as a lighthearted teenage romance matures into a long-drawn-out saga in the second half and every time you assume that the end credits would show up, the film extends itself for another few minutes. The version I watched, however, lived up to its 'happy ending' claim, for the audience were happy that the film ended.Ekk Deewana Tha essentially endorses the love-at-first-sight cliche. Sachin (Prateik Babbar) falls head over heals for the girl-next-floor, Jesse (Amy Jackson). But he is a Hindu; she is a Christian and also a year elder to him. Her family doesn't consent of their romance. But what starts as a cross-cultural love story seemingly on the lines of Ek Duje Ke Liye (1981) ventures into an altogether different zone. Jesse seems indecisive when it comes to choosing between love and family and the narrative keeps beating around the bush.On the contrary, since the basic idea is about love-at-first-sight, no time is wasted in the first half on their preliminary bonding and the story comes straight to the point. The hero professes his love pretty early and the narrative proceeds at a good pace. Love-at-first-sight is primarily driven by physical beauty and the director pulls off the fact credibly by casting the gorgeous girl Amy Jackson as the female lead. Any average man would fall for her natural charm.The film basically attempts to capture the innocence and insanity behind teenage first love. While it does that effectively to an extent in the initial reels, at the same time it glorifies adolescent romance as a heroic achievement. At the risk of sounding a moral police, it's important to point that such blatant endorsement of love motivated purely on physical attraction could manipulate and mislead young minds. One could still have ignored the love-at-first-sight syndrome as an age-old Bollywood formula had the film been entertaining otherwise. Sadly the patchy second half disappoints even on that level.The interval point where Jesse call offs her arranged marriage for Sachin makes you wonder if a family feud would follow in the second half. But all your apprehensions prove wrong as the family disapproval is kept on the backburner and what comes forth is Jesse's personal dilemma. What seemed like a perfect romance goes for a toss with Jesse's abrupt change of mind and like the hero, even the viewer, keeps asking what went wrong. However neither does her pain of separation with love register nor does her sacrifice for parents. And then the film keeps repeating itself with cyclic flashback shots every now and then.Director Gautham Menon's idea might have been to show how perception and priorities in life change, firstly as love takes over and subsequently when sanity strikes. But he's only partially successful in making the point and loses the audience somewhere in between. With a film-inside-film setting, he also tries to tap the thought of how every heartbroken lover believes their love story is the epitome of tragedy and could be interpreted as a novel or a film. But even that doesn't add depth or dimension to the narrative.Much of the storytelling progresses through transitional songs but at times it becomes difficult to comprehend which is a dream sequence and which is a factual montage. Every time the graph falls, AR Rahman's music is supposed to take over and add intensity. Though it's not a hurdle-free love story, the treatment is more or less feel-good. The original Tamil ( Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa ) and Telugu ( Ye Maaya Chesave ) versions had a tragic end though an alternate happy ending is devised for the Hindi version perhaps assuming the national audience would be more pleased with triumph of love. Alas, over tragic or happy, a better ending was the need of the hour.Prateik shows vast improvement from all his earlier acts but one still can't say he has arrived. The volume added to his vocal chord helps but he seems uncomfortable while breaking into a jig, every once in a while. Amy Jackson looks ravishing. Often draped in saris, she carries off the Indian outfit gracefully but the extra tan added to her skin-tone seems splotchy and absolutely unnecessary. In terms of performance, she is confident and credible enough and never disappoints. Together Prateik and Amy bring refreshing chemistry to the love story. Manu Rishi continues his comic sidekick act pretty well.The translation of Deewana can have different connotations from crazy to mad. Ekk Deewana Tha starts as a cool and crazy love story but by the end it could make you mad.Verdict: Average", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "11919354", "title": "Four DMC councillors on fast-unto-death", "text": "SINDRI: Four ward councilors of Dhanbad Municipal Corporation (DMC) went on fast unto death to press for their seven-point charter of demands before the DMC Sindri circle office from Thursday. The ward councilors sitting on fast included Ajanta Jha, Bijola Devi, Sumit Supkar and Chandan Mahto.The fasting councilors are demanding smooth distribution of ration cards to APL (above-poverty line) and BPL (below-poverty line) families, implementation of self-employment schemes for the urban poor, payment of old age, widow and disabled pension, system for quick and smooth release of birth, death, income and residential certificates, provision for office and assistant to the elected councilors, implementation of developmental projects approved earlier and arrangement for regular payment of civic body employees and sweepers.Talking to newspersons, they alleged that the civic administration was not at all serious in solving the problems of the public and work on developmental projects approved by the corporation was lying pending since long.\"Similarly, the district administration roped in our services in filing up forms for preparing ration cards but no card has been distributed till date. Many of the forms filled up by poor people are still gathering dust in different offices,\" they said.According to them, the elected ward councilors have to face the pubic wrath for no fault on their part; they added and informed that they have been raising the issue before the civic administration since long. \"We served the notice to the DMC administration on January 9 to fulfill our demands but no action was taken so far which has forced us to go for fast unto death,\" one of the fasting councilors said.Assistant administrator of DMC Shail Prabha Kujur went to talk to the fasting councilors in the evening but they refused to talk to her saying that since she was not in a position to solve their problems, they would only talk to the administrator or representative of Dhanbad DC, said Dinesh Singh, another councillor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11926451", "title": "Shweta's 'directorial debut' stalled", "text": "Shweta Menon , who gave back-to-back hits last year with movies like Salt N' Pepper and Rathinirvedam, is much in demand of late. Her next movie, Actress, was in news recently.In the movie, directed by Mohana Krishnan, she was to portray a director's role. However, the project has been dropped due to various reasons. \"The producer, whose last outing had became a flop, suddenly backed out of the project because of financial difficulties. The lead actor also backed out,\" says the director.Mohana Krishnan, who is known for his varied approach to cinema, had promised a visual treat in Actress. However, the director is still hopeful. \"There is some delay, but we have not shelved the project altogether,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11918760", "title": "Slum pocket voters turn up in large numbers", "text": "PUNE: People living in slum pockets in the city and Pimpri Chinchwad displayed their trademark enthusiasm for voting on Thursday, keeping polling staff on their toes.Pockets like Upper Indiranagar, Meethanagar, Kondhwa Budruk, Tadiwala Road, Dattawadi, Dandekar bridge and Janata Vasahat near Parvati, Patil Estate certainly helped push the final voting figures of the city.There were four polling booths for voters in Guardian Junior College in Kondhwa Budruk of which first two were for voters from NIBM Road and remaining for voters from Meethanagar area. When polling was nearing the end, the first two booths cut a sorry figure with 26% voting while the remaining two booths showed 40%.NIBM Road is an upmarket area and the NIBM road Mohalla committee has been very active during the recent anti-graft movement led by social crusader Anna Hazare . The situation at the other polling booths at RIMS International School, opposite Sun-Shree society and Mahadaji Shinde high school where voters from NIBM road were divided, also reported lower voter turnout.A Konark Puram society resident said, \"In some cases, voters residing in the society had to go to polling booths outside the society, which discouraged them from voting.\"The presence of political party activists taking special efforts to encourage people to cast votes, was noticeable in Janata Vasahat and Tadiwala Road. Vehicles and SUVs were used to transport the voters to polling booths.Shankar Sonawane from Upper Indiranagar, who runs a garage, said, \"A candidate is more important than the party, as the candidate never forgets you even if you meet after months. So, personal contact with the candidate is important for me.\"Sonawane was among many who came to the polling booth in an SUV. \"I did not accept money, but used his vehicle just once. There should not be any objection to it,\" he said.The panel system for this election also created some confusion. Mahadev and Geeta Davangiri from Parvati were one of the many voters, who found it confusing. Mahadev said, \"During the last election I heard the beep after pressing one button, but this time nothing happened. Later, I realized that I had to press the button twice to cast two votes before the beep sounded,\".The polling officer at the booth said, \"Most voters were from Parvati Darshan. Even after informing them about the procedure, they were confused. They were not allowing us to come close to help them, as they wanted their voting to remain secret\".There was a heavy turnout of voters from slums in Pimpri Chinchwad as well. A long queue of voters was spotted in Sector 22 in Nigdi at the polling booths located at Shivbhumi school located in Yamunanagar area of Nigdi-Pradhikaran. There were also long queues in Dapodi at Bhagatsingh municipal school and the Industrial Training Institute near Ajanthanagar slum in Akurdi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11918697", "title": "City cops profile chain snatchers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chain snatchings in the western city parts has reduced by 18 per cent in last one year. The city police want to continue the trend in the New Year and have decided to educate personnel and officials time and again on modus operandi, usual haunts and timings used by the snatchers. Thus, 50 chain snatchers caught over a period of time were brought to Gujarat University police station on Thursday evening where officials from 20 police stations participated.Talking about the initiative, Ajay Tomar, joint commissioner of police, Sector I, told TOI that city police needed to get familiarize with the accused and get to know their modus operandi. \"It was a golden chance for the personnel as they could question and know 50 different individuals at one go. They asked questions about timings, modus operandi, areas, meeting points, receivers and procurements of vehicles to the accused gathered,\" said Tomar.The accused were also photographed freshly by the modus operandi branch (MOB). Most of the officials had come from surveillance squads of various police stations responsible to keep an eye on the miscreants in the area. Officials said it was a cross-section of accused from a larger geographic area, giving insight into the chain snatchers' internal network including the jewellers receiving robbed goods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11919101", "title": "New prabhag system leads to chaos", "text": "NAGPUR: The newly introduced prabhag system in Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) polls turned out to be a disaster on Thursday, thanks to several goofups in the voters list. In many cases, names of family members were allotted booths in different wards while in others the names of voters could not be traced at all.Many voters were seen wandering from one polling booth to another as their names could not be found in any of the lists. Some of them were regular voters, who had even exercised their franchisee during Lok Sabha and assembly polls in 2009. The political parties however shifted the entire blame on the State Election Commission (SEC) for publishing faulty voters list.Even BJP city chief Anil Sole told TOI that he had campaigned at Laxmi Vaibhav building at Laxmi Nagar square, but later it was found out that the building comes under Jail ward. \"Even my rivals campaigned in that building having 165 flats,\" he said.On other hand, 40 voters from Laxmi Nagar were shifted to Deekshabhomi ward.Similarly, around 550 residents from Sugat Nagar located in Nara prabhag received a surprise when their names were listed in the adjoining Nari prabhag. These voters had been part of Nara Ward since last many years.Likewise, over 430 voters from Ramkrishna Colony in Khamla Prabhag also realized on polling day that they had to cast their vote in the adjoining RPTS Ward. So, most of them skipped voting.In fact, assistant police inspector Vaijayanti Shende from Sai Mandir ward couldn't find her name for around two hours after visiting all booths. After getting frustrated, she decided to skip the voting. \"It was a horrible experience as I couldn't find out my name despite trying hard. I had voted in last assembly polls, but this time it's all very confusing,\" she rued.Civil Lines resident Kaustav Chatterjee also faced a harrowing time while searching his name in the list. \"After almost an hour, I could locate my name and that too after running from pillar to post from one booth to another,\" he said.Many voters who wished to vote for only one candidate also faced trouble in areas like Indora, as the polling officials told them that unless they press two buttons on the EVM, their vote would not be registered. They smartly disabled 'End' button apprehending that if a person votes for only one candidate, the presiding officer has to press 'End' button in the presence of polling agents of all parties.Devendra Ramteke wanted to vote for only one candidate but found that the 'End' button was not working. \"It was only after a long argument with the presiding officer at Mahatma Gandhi Centennial High School that the button was made functional,\" he said.In five polling booths, including Jail, Indora, Jaripatka, Manewada and Naik Nagar wards, controlling and ballot units, had to be changed. In some wards, controlling unit was not working including two in Medical ward and one each in Ayodhya Nagar, Killa and Gorewada.In Garib Nawaz Nagar and Shanti Nagar wards the ballot unit was not working, which resulted in disruption in polling process for some time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11919175", "title": "Railways working hard to complete DFCs", "text": "PATNA: The railways has been working hard to complete its dream project -- Dedicated Freight Corridor (DFCs) -- on priority basis. The deadline set for completing the dedicated freight corridors is March 2017 now. The PMO is keeping a tab on the development work being carried out on the DFC route. It is believed that the PMO has directed the states concerned to accord top priority to the DFCs and help the railways acquire land without further loss of time.According to a Railway Board official, about 67 per cent of the land acquisition has been completed through the Railway Amendment Act, 2008, in most of the states, including Bihar. The freight corridors -- east and west -- would open a new chapter in the railways for 'goods trains' movement as goods trains will run faster on these two separate routes, he said. According to sources, the railways has already started civil work of the DFC on the eastern region. The railways has awarded contracts to an agency to carry out the civil work on the Mughalsarai-Sonenagar route. The project will be completed at an estimated cost of Rs 12,000 crore on the eastern region. The DFC of the eastern region linking Dankuni in West Bengal to Ludhiana in Punjab will benefit business community people, sources said.The eastern freight corridor project, which was inaugurated by AICC Congress president and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi at Dehri-on-Sone in February, 2009, is likely to give a boost to railway economy covering a distance up to about 1,839 km. The railways intends to lay 80 percent of the new alignments (tracks) of the DFC all along the Grand Chord tracks, sources said, adding about two-third of this corridor passing through West Bengal, Bihar, Uttar Pradesh and Punjab is being built with the World Bank assistance.According to the official, PM Manmohan Singh has been personally monitoring this project. The Sonenagar- Dankuni section will be executed on public-private partnership mode. Goods traffic has been the mainstay of the Indian Railways yielding about 80 per cent revenue from freight traffic. Thus, the DFC will be a gift to the business men belonging to West Bengal, Jharkhand, Bihar and Punjab as their goods would be carried to destination points without any interruption or halt midway, he said.According to sources, materials like iron, coal, cement and other minerals are being sent from Jharkhand, Bihar and West Bengal to other parts of the country. These states are the major recipients of other products from Punjab and Haryana to cater to the needs of both businessmen and common people. Completion of this project by March, 2017, would give a fillip to the railway economy which could yield an increase further as far as railway revenue is concerned, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11921127", "title": "Students get tips on starting business", "text": "LUDHIANA: MBA students from various business schools in Ludhiana and Jalandhar attended a seminar on the topic, 'Developing entrepreneurial skill', at Guru Nanak Institute of Management &amp; Technology (GNIMT), Model Town, on Thursday. The seminar was organized by Confederation of Indian Industries (CII) Ludhiana chapter and ISTE students chapter of GNIMT.Sandeep Kapoor , associate professor, Punjab Agricultural University (PAU), was the session moderator. The resource persons included Sandeep Riat, vice-chairperson of CII-Ludhiana Zonal Council and managing director of Akal Sprint Limited, Amit Jain, chairman of CII-Ludhiana Zonal Council and president of Shingora Textiles Limited and Rahul Ahuja, convener of CII Ludhiana Core Group and managing director of Rajnish Industries Limited. Riat shared with the students how at the age of 19 she was able to turn around her company's fortune. Jain spoke on 'new generation entrepreneurs &amp; family business.' He advised students to start an enterprise at a very small scale and introduce marginal expansion along with use of modern technology. \"There may be conflicts in the family business, but a family that eats at least one meal a day together and discusses the challenges openly shall always be successful,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11923017", "title": "Counting for Maharashtra municipal, zila parishad polls begins", "text": "MUMBAI: Counting for elections to 10 municipal corporations, including Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation, and 27 zilla parishads in Maharashtra, began this morning.While the municipal corporation polls were held yesterday, elections to 27 zilla parishads and 309 Panchayat Samitis were held on February 7.In Mumbai, 2,232 candidates were in the fray for 227 electoral wards in the city.Elections were also held yesterday in Thane, Pune, Ulhasnagar, Pimpri-Chinchwad, Solapur, Nashik, Akola, Amravati and Nagpur municipal corporations.The Shiv Sena-BJP combine rules the country's richest civic body besides neighbouring Thane (130), Ulhasnagar(78), Nashik (122) and Nagpur (145), whereas Congress controls Amravati (87), the Congress-NCP combine Pune (152) and Solapur (102). NCP holds Pimpri-Chinchwad civic body (126) and Congress Amravati (87).Akola municipal corporation has 73 seats and was under Congress-NCP rule but was dissolved by state government last year over financial irregularities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11919097", "title": "Madurai administration sets up BPO for refugees", "text": "MADURAI: It might have been a cheque of just Rs 6,000, but on Wednesday, ten Sri Lankan youth were thrilled when they received their first paycheck. Three months ago, their future might have looked bleak, but today, thanks to the Madurai district administration's initiative, these youth are busy operating their own BPO.N Satheeswaran (21), a B Sc graduate and team leader of the BPO which does online work outsourced by a Chennai-based firm, says it all began about three months ago when Madurai district collector U Sagayam visited their camp and interacted with them. \"He asked us about our educational qualification and was impressed by the fact that most of us had completed our degrees. But he was taken aback when he found that all of us were unemployed,\" he said.Most women in the refugee camp make money by sewing while the older men do various jobs including working at construction sites. But these youngsters wanted to stand out and make use of their qualification. The youngsters, including Kathinthini, who completed his BCA two years ago and Sudhashini, a B Com graduate could not get government jobs while big private firms were not ready to take them in due to their refugee status.\"The collector said steps would be taken to provide us with employment and on December 26 last year, we were trained in the various BPO activities,\" they said. Work began on January 2, 2012, in a government school premises in Bibikulam. But there are plans to shift to a corporation building allotted to them near the Annaiyur camp in a day or two. On Wednesday, the team of 10 members, including four females, received their first salary of Rs 6,000 each. \"We are very happy for being given this opportunity as this was an impossible dream for most of us till a few months ago. The future of those like me, who do not want to return to our country, lies here,\" said Satheeswaran, who has to also take care of two younger brothers.Tahsildar Tamilselvi, who is in charge of the refugee camps, said that efforts were being taken to provide work in the BPO for 30 more persons. \"Thirty women have also been trained in stitching and sewing machines would be distributed to them soon,\" she said. There are also plans to start SHGs for these women, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11924707", "title": "A Teachers Land", "text": "In Finland, teachers are looked up to and respected, besides being paid on a par with other professions, Hannele Cantell tells Poonam JainWhat makes education in Finland so attractive? The answer is their unique approach towards teacher preparation. Azim Premji Foundation decided to take some inspiration from it for their schools and thats why Prof. Hannele Cantell, Director of the Subject Teacher Education section, University of Helsinki, was invited to bring her experience in designing their course material. According to Prof Cantell Finland cannot entirely rely on its natural resource and hence all their focus is on imparting quality education. No matter what economic background students come from, education in Finland is standardised and is free till the university level. In addition schools in Finland provide free meals and I was happy to hear some of the government schools in Karnataka also do the same. This is moving in right direction, concurs Prof Cantell.Teaching profession is also highly respected in Finland with teachers and educators engaging actively with parents and communities in the pursuit of high levels of learning for children says Prof Cantell. A teachers income is on par with other professionals and it definitely constitutes as a high status job in Finland. Teachers are an integral part of the society and looked upon with much love and respect, she says.What can India learn from the Finnish education system? Allowing creative freedom to teachers would be my panacea. In Finland we get some of the finest primary school teachers because they work with the same batch of students from standard one to six. They are allowed absolute freedom in conducting their classes. No rules are given and no one check on them. They are free to try new approaches and it naturally induces joy and creativity among the students as much as it does to the teachers, smiles Professor Cantell.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11924881", "title": "Now, a study to check impact of radiations on birds, insects", "text": "CHENNAI: The ministry for environment and forests has commissioned a vital three-month study to understand the impact of mobile phone tower radiation on birds and insects in the wake of disappearing bird species and bees.\"I have heard these radiations have deleterious impact on birds. In Odisha, I heard that crows and other birds have fallen dead from the sky. There has been no understanding on this,\" said Jayanthi Natarajan , minister for environment and forests on the sidelines of the sixth edition of Beacon 2012, organised by the Loyola Institute of Business Administration on the importance of 'eco-innovation' in business models. \"And this is what prompted us to do the study,\" she added. She also said that she plans to write to the telecom minister. \"They should set up a separate task force to monitor the radiation impacts these towers have,\" she said.The minister also said she is strongly against the idea of Dow Chemicals being one of the sponsors of the Olympics. \"As an Indian, I feel that someone who has caused such tremendous damage to the environment cannot be allowed to sponsor,\" she said.The minister is also mooting the idea of monitoring all industries 24X7. \"I agree that there have been gaps in our monitoring systems. The state pollution control boards will monitor all industries with consent to operate license to check for increases in pollution levels,\" she said. The results will be put on the MoEF's website where the public can see and scrutinize.Jayanthi also suggested that industries have some amount of self-regulation when it comes to damaging the environment. \"We can't keep policing them all of the time. Industries should understand that green and clean business is good business,\" she said. \"But most corporate companies have been very cooperative and responsible,\" she added. Yet there is a long way to go, she said. \"I suggest that they not only have a corporate social responsibility but also a corporate social and environment responsibility. We need to know what the company has done to the environment. The companies should disclose this on internet so that there is transparency,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "behrampore", "code": "11918257", "title": "Woman kills self after MMS scandal", "text": "BEHRAMPORE: A mother of two hanged herself on Wednesday night after some local youths morphed some obscene photos of her and circulated them through MMS. Jesmina Bibi, 28, a resident of Bakdanga in Domkal, could not bear the humiliation and jeering by neighbours and killed herself.Her husband Bablu Sheikh alleged that the youths, helped by a woman neighbour, superimposed Jesmina's face on a nude body and went about circulating it.Bablu has lodged a complaint against five persons - Kalu Sheikh, Milan Sheikh, Miltan Sheikh and Jarina Bibi. Jesmina ran a grocery shop in the village. Kalu and his friends, attracted by Jesmina's beauty, had tried to capture her nude while she was taking bath in her courtyard a few months ago. But they did not succeed. Bablu also alleged that neighbour Jarina helped the youths by informing them of her bathing time.A few days ago, villagers started jeering at my wife and went about displaying her photo on the mobile phone, said Bablu. \"On seeing the picture, we realized that they had taken Jesmina's photo while she was keeping the shop. Later, they superimposed her face on a nude body and circulated it,\" he added.Additional SP of Murshidabad Annappa E said, \"We have received complaint from the victim's husband. Detailed inquiry has been started. We are trying to find the accused persons. Action will be taken against those who defamed Jesmina.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11920624", "title": "Defy age with a new molecule", "text": "BANGALORE: Man can't conquer death itself but can definitely live longer by arresting and even reversing the aging process, so much so that living beyond 100 years in future may not be just wishful thinking. Speaking at the silver jubilee celebrations of St Joseph's College's chemistry department on Thursday, Goverdhan Mehta, national research professor, said chemistry is going to be the subject that will give more life to life.\"Chemistry is the subject of the future. It's one domain that can help us develop molecules that will help defy aging. This development will be truly revolutionary,\" he felt. In simple terms, there are certain molecules that will make cells in the body live longer - which will enable humans to live longer.The molecules, Mehta implied, will allow cells to continue their life, rejuvenate cellular activity, enable division of cells beyond the normal lifespan - all of which helps the cell return to normal speed. This not only slows down but reverses aging. Are we ready? Well, the audience at St Joseph's seemed prepared for the change. Mehta then spoke of chemistry and energy. \"Chemistry will be crucial for future energy requirements as we are running out of fossil fuels. Chemistry will be the one to help us split water into oxygen and hydrogen and then enable us to use hydrogen as energy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11919891", "title": "Schools say they only interact with parents", "text": "KANPUR: The city schools have opted for several unique ways to meet the stress level in parents who want their tiny tots admitted to nursery schools this year. For this, many schools have arranged for special counsellor committees to deal with parental anxiety, while many have planned to give natural environment to the students and parents to find out their real behaviour and nature.It is important to mention here that the hunt for the most renowned and prestigious schools by parents for getting their child enrolled in pre-primary and primary classes is going on in full swing in the city. However, the date for filling the registration form has been crossed in most of the renowned schools, hence the parents are now gearing up for interviews for admissions.Following the trend in Delhi, NCR and other metropolitan cities, the schools have also opted for ways of interviewing the parents at the time of admissions. However, school authorities claim that interviews of parents along with children are just an interaction and nothing that would determine the admission process.\"Conducting parental interview was just a general interaction with the child and his parents. It is conducted to check whether the child is fit to study in our school or not. It is now being termed as interview. Interviewing parents during admissions is a false belief that has come from metros. And, now it has became a status symbol for parents to crack school interviews. Hence, this trend is now diminishing rapidly,\" said Reeta Singhania, principal of Padampat Singhania School.Elaborating her past year's experiences, she added: \"We came across many parents who were highly nervous of the general interaction with teachers. This is what tends us to bring some changes in the procedure of nursery admissions. Following this we will be leaving the kids in natural environment like in a classroom or in a playground to observe their behaviour in natural surroundings.\"\"Parents must keep this in mind that the admission will solely be dependent of the ward's talent and knowledge,\" added Reeta.However, many city schools are now considering the 'first come, first serve' practice to be the best. Talking to TOI, KV Vincent, principal of Huddard High School, said the seats in Huddard were available to anyone from any caste or social status. The principal also added that they had not been following any interview system of parents to admit the students.\"The seats in our school are fixed. We opted for the general procedure of selling the registration forms. By the time our last date ended, we called upon the parents and conducted a general interaction with kids only,\" informed Winsent.He further informed: \"During the interaction, we see whether the child is normal by observing movements, whether he/she can speak, hear and see properly. Above all, we see whether the child can learn in a normal school. And there is nothing to do with parents.\"The principal of SR Education Center has also arranged for a councellor's committee to tackle anxiety in the parents. The principal also advised the parents to apply in more than one school at the same time to be on the safe side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11919206", "title": "'Missing' man held at Chhapra", "text": "PATNA: One Ranjit Kumar Singh, a native of Alam Nagar in Madhepura district, went missing under mysterious circumstances near Pani Tanki Mor under S K Puri police station on Tuesday.His elder brother, Shankar Singh, reached Patna from Madhepura on Thursday and informed the police that he had received a call made from Ranjit's cellphone and that the caller demanded Rs 7 lakh.The police said Ranjit along with Rahul Yadav and Atul Kumar, both residents of Patna, was engaged in the business of setting up cellphone towers. The police said Ranjit had taken Rs 7 lakh from the duo and was not returning the money to them. On Tuesday, Ranjit went missing under mysterious circumstances from the Pani Tanki Mor.City SP, Patna, Kim said it is a matter of money lending and that Ranjit might have gone somewhere on his own. Police would investigate the case from different angles after the family members lodge a complaint in this connection, she added.Meanwhile, DSP Phulwari Rakesh Dubey, who is also the in charge of Sachivalaya DSP, said Ranjit had been detained in Chhapra in connection with some case. A police team would bring him back. to Patna, he added.Valuables stolen: Thieves took away cash and LCDs after breaking open the shutter of an electronic shop located on Old By-Pass Road under Kankerbagh police station late on Wednesday night.Shop owner Jitendra Kumar has lodged a written complaint with the police station concerned in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11921322", "title": "Maharashtra civic polls: Many fail to find their names on voters\u2019 list", "text": "The city's election process threw up several hiccups on Thursday with names of many Mumbaikars , including prominent citizens like poet and lyricist Gulzar missing from the voters' list. Other administrative gaffes left voters deflated.There was an overdependence on voting slips handed out by political parties and many voters with legitimate voter IDs were not let into booths without them. In another slip, residents of an Andheri (W) building were listed in two constituencies.\"It is normal for me. Every time I come to vote, they don't find my name. I go back home. Many a times, they call me and bring me back to vote,'' Gulzar told mediapersons at St Anne's School, where he had gone to vote. Member of Parliament Priya Dutt's husband Owen Roncon found that his photo did not match his name.Aggrieved citizens echoed these grouses across the city. Two dozen desperate voters called up the police control room complaining about their names missing from the lists. Seven families of Anclave Abode in Bandra (W) and many in Chembur's Pestom Sagar shared the plight.Andheri was a fitting portrait of mismanagement. Two buildings-Samudra Darshan and Blossom-were listed in constituencies to which they didn't belong. It meant around 200 voters could not vote, a margin good enough to tilt the scales between candidates. \"We had been campaigning for a candidate and many couldn't vote for him because of the goof-up . We are from ward 60 but 200 of us had our names listed in ward 59,\" said Dr Lalita Bhatt, founding member of the N Dutta Marg ALM.While many decided not to vote, others cast a protest vote en masse. Half the residents of Sagar Sameep were listed in ward 60 and the other in 59, despite bringing the error to the election commission's notice in January.Differently-abled voters were disappointed with the lack of facilities. Wheelchair-bound persons and senior citizens tottered over the steps at Balmohan School in Shivaji Park for want of a ramp. The absence of a list of candidates in Braille forced 63-year-old Hansmukh Shah to leave the booth in Tardeo without casting his vote, despite getting inked.\"I had voted during the zilla parishad elections with the help of a list in Braille and was disappointed this time. I was asked to take my wife's help to cast my vote,\" said Shah indignantly, adding that he wanted to vote like any other citizen, without interference .State election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan said they had started an awareness campaign and initiated preparation of the voters ' list last October. \"We sought suggestions and objections from people. If people are complaining, we need to check if they had made an effort to check if their names were on the list.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "11920433", "title": "Tobacco auctions from Feb. 23", "text": "GUNTUR: Tobacco auctions in Andhra Pradesh will commence on February 23. The auctions will be launched in four different spells at all 20 designated platforms. While the first phase of sales begins on February 23 at Kaligiri and DC Palli in Nellore district, auctions at the two platforms in Prakasam district's Podili will begin on March 8.The decision to hold auctions was taken at a meeting chaired by Tobacco Board chairman GK Rao. Auctions in the third phase at 14 platforms will begin March 12. The final phase of auctions will kick off at Torredu and Keesara platforms on March 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11918951", "title": "Engineering student kills self, colleagues demand action", "text": "AJMER: A 21-year-old student of computer science at Government Engineering College, Ajmer committed suicide by hanging himself from ceiling fan at his IBM Colony residence here. His body was found on Thursday morning.According to his classmates Sujeet Kumar was depressed after he failed in semester IV exams. Angry by the suicide college students sat on a dharna in front of collector's office. They were demanding action against the principal of the college M M Sharma and computer science department head Prakarti Trivedi. Sujeet is the second student in Ajmer who committed suicide this week.On Sunday night 19-year-old engineering college student Yashwant Kumar Beniwal had committed suicide by hanging himself from the ceiling. He was depressed by pressure of studies and parents.In Sujeet's case result of three subjects in semester III exams held last year had been withheld. The students said that despite withholding the result he was allowed to appear for semester IV exams. But when the result was declared he had failed in the three subjects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11919825", "title": "Health dept staffer dies in accident", "text": "KANPUR: A 22-year-old girl died in a road accident on Thursday morning near Transport Nagar, falling under the limits of Babupurwa police.Poonam, daughter of Ram Kishore of Parampurwa and an employee of the health department, was hit by a speeding truck and suffered serious injuries. She was going to her office on a bicycle in Transport Nagar. Poonam was taken to Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital, where she was declared dead.The truck driver managed to flee from the spot with the vehicle.Her family members and colleagues rushed to the spot and created ruckus. Vehicular traffic came to a halt and hundreds of commuters were left stranded. They demanded compensation to the bereaved family.It may be noted that encroachments on both sides of the road near Transport nagar roundabout result in traffic snarls.The cops rushed to the spot and convinced the mob. The vehicular traffic was restored. The body was sent for post-mortem examination. An FIR has been lodged in this connection.Train accident: A 25-year-old man was run over by a train near Loco side in Babupurwa on Thursday. Saroj Kumar, a native of Paltipur village in Kaushambi district was trying to cross the railway track when the accident took place. The accident delayed the movement of trains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11920051", "title": "Special prosecutor in palmolein case resigns", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In a new twist to the controversial palmolein case, special prosecutor P A Ahamed put in his papers on Thursday.Sources said Ahamed quit as he couldn't agree with the vigilance department move to sabotage the case to help chief minister Oommen Chandy.In his resignation letter, handed over to additional chief secretary K Jayakumar, Ahamed said he could not agree with the conclusions arrived at by the vigilance department. The Thrissur vigilance court will to consider the palmolein case on February 23.Ahamed was appointed special prosecutor in the case by the previous LDF government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11918559", "title": "Three new weekly express trains to be flagged off", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The railways have decided to introduce three new weekly trains on Friday. Among the trains, promised in the last railway budget, two weekly trains will connect Digha in West Bengal from Puri and Visakhapatnam. The third weekly express will run between Kharagpur and Villupuram, according to an official release of the East Coast Railway.The Digha-Puri weekly express will be inaugurated from Digha and will run as a special train. The regular service of this train will commence from Puri with effect from February 22 and from Digha with effect from February 23. The Puri-Digha weekly will leave Puri at 11.35 pm every Wednesday and will arrive at Digha at 9.30 am the next day. In the return direction, this train will leave Digha at 5.15 pm every Thursday and will arrive at Puri at 3.20 am on the following day.Digha-Visakhapatnam weekly express will be inaugurated from Ramnagar station and will run as a special train. The regular service of this train will commence from Visakhapatnam on February 23 and from Digha on February 24. The train will leave Visakhapatnam at 5.50 pm every Thursday and will arrive at Digha at 9.30 am the next day. In the return direction, the train will leave Digha at 5.15 pm every Friday and will arrive at Visakhapatnam at 8.20 am the following day.Another new weekly train Kharagpur-Villupuram will be inaugurated from Kharagpur station on Friday. Regular service of this train will commence from Villupuram on February 20 and from Kharagpur on February 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11920951", "title": "Manipal varsity radio to be relaunched soon", "text": "MANGALORE: A team of students from Manipal University is all set to relaunch Radio Manipal, the varsity's community radio, with entertainment on a par with commercial radio stations. Radio Manipal, aired from Manipal Institute of Communications (MIC) premises, currently broadcasts Kannada classical music for one hour on 90.4 FM. It'll soon offer entertainment programmes to listeners in a 7-km radius of the station.The radio will be relaunched officially at Revels, the intercollegiate fest at which over 200 colleges will take part in March. Binang Gamit, a second-year mechanical engineering student of International Centre for Applied Science, told TOI that plans are afoot to rope in radio jockeys and improve the sound system.\"Our campus has all facilities except an entertainment radio station. That's why we thought of relaunching Radio Manipal to broadcast programmes in an attractive way,\" he said, adding that students have got permission to relaunch from the varsity directors.Binang, also the president of Radio Manipal, said initially, the station will broadcast for three hours a day and later based on response, this could be increased to six hours. MIC students will double as RJs and also do other jobs at the station. Second-year engineering students of ICAS Sachin Mahapatra, Prashanth Kumar, Nishanth Kumar and Arjun Shekher are other members of the Radio Manipal team working to upgrade the content.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11919313", "title": "Hope, confidence and nerves on election eve of election day", "text": "NASHIK: On the eve of the civic polls, leaders of all political parties kept their fingers crossed and expressed hopes of improving their tally in the municipal corporation.With the ruling Shiv Sena-BJP alliance snapping ties and deciding to go solo, the Shiv Sena, which has tied up with the RPI (A), claimed that it would win 72 of the 122 seats. The Sena is contesting 105 seats while the RPI (A) is contesting 17.\"Of 105 seats, we are expecting to win 60 seats. The confidence among the party candidates and activists was increased due to public rallies of Shiv Sena Executive President Uddhav Thackeray and the road shows of the Sena youth leader Aditya Thackeray. The climate is definitely in our favour,\" Nashik district chief of Shiv Sena Sunil Bagul told TOI.The Nashik district RPI President Prakash Londhe said, \"Of 17 seats, we are expecting to win around 10-12 seats. The atmosphere is really good and in favour due to alliance of Shiv Shakti and Bhim Shakti. Shiv Sena and RPI combine will definitely emerge as the single largest parties in elections to Nashik Municipal Corporation.The BJP, which is contesting 103 seats on its own, is hopeful of winning over 50 seats. \"The dialogue with the party activists and the citizens have only proved that our decision of going alone was perfect and we are hopeful of bagging at least 50 seats,\" Lakshman Savji, BJP city unit president said.\"We will have our own Mayor and the confidence stems for the fact that we have decided to go alone in the elections after successfully convincing the party high command and proving our might. The decision to contest elections alone was not reached in a day or in a meeting, but was the outcome of hard efforts for more than a year now,\" Savji said.Talking on behalf of the Congress-NCP alliance, city Congress chief Akash Chhajed said that per booth one polling agent will be posted to check how the number of votes and also if there are unidentified faces. \"We face slight competition from Shiv Sena and Maharashtra Navnirman Sena but nothing from Bharatiya Janata Party.\" He said that the combine would secure 75-80 seats while the Congress alone could win 35-40 seats.MNS leader Vasant Gite said that in every booth they would be posting four polling agents per booth and one outside. \"The competition for our party if from Congress-NCP but people have become very intelligent now and they know who to elect. The number of party workers of Shiv Sena has reduced and the Bharatiya Janata Party comes to limelight only during elections,\" he said. He said that MNS would win 32 seats.On the other hand, the Upnagar Police confiscated a country made pistol, two swords and another 33 inch long sharp weapon in a raid conducted in the house of Amar Phulavde (20) at Artillery Centre Road, Khole Mala area of Nashik Road. The police also arrested Amar Phulavde and Shaikh Ansar Shaikh (34) of Amravati from Nashik Road Muktidham.Meanwhile the Upnagar police have launched a search to arrest their associates Motiram Shinde of Artillery Centre Road, Rahul Sonawane of Bankar Mala, Nashik Road and Rahul Hone of Ahmednagar. The Upnagar police got a tip off on February 14 during their routine patrolling in the jurisdiction of their police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "subhash nagar", "code": "11921164", "title": "Preet Gursimran is best athlete", "text": "SUBHASH NAGAR: Students of Kamla Lohtia SD College, Subhash Nagar, participated in the annual athletic meet on Thursday.The sports meet was inaugurated by C S Grewal, university director of physical education and sports, Panjab University. College principal Shiv Mohan Sharma, director B D Budhiraja and president Sunil Aggarwal welcomed the chief guest. Other members of the college's managing committee Sandeep Agarwal, R D Singhal, Brij Mohan Ralhan, Shaman Jindal were also present at the inaugural ceremony.The meet started with a march past, hoisting of the flag, releasing pigeons and balloons. Eleven university and inter-university position holders of various sports events were awarded cash prizes amounting to Rs 50,000.SHINING STARS The winners declared on Thursday: Boys: Preet Gursimran (BCom-II); Best athelete - girls: Gurpreet Kaur (MCom-I); 1500m: Sagar Chauhan (BA-II); long jump - boys: Jagdeep (BCom-III); 200m - boys: Preet Gursimran (BCom-II); 200m - girls: Gurpreet (MCom-I); shotput - boys:James Babu (BA-II); 400m: Manu Sharma (BCom-II); shotput - girls: Maninder Kaur (MA-I); 400m - girls: Anjum Khan (BCom-I); long jump - girls: Priyanka (MA-I); 800m - boys: Sajan Chauhan (BA-I)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11918556", "title": "HC rejects plea against Shah panel", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Thursday rejected the PIL challenging the legality and validity of Justice M B Shah commission, which has been set up by the state government to look into 17 graft allegations.The petitioner, identified as Gunvantrai Joshi, also requested HC to transfer all 17 cases for probe to the Lokayukta. He sought transfer of probe on the ground that government felt that retired Justice R A Mehta was not a favourable candidate for the post of Lokayukta. Hence, anticipating that an inquiry into graft charges may put his government in a fix, chief minister Narendra Modi set up the M B Shah commission.The commission, set up in August last year, has been asked to inquire into graft allegations, mainly against the government for benefiting its favourite industrial houses by allotting them land at cheap rates.The petitioner also contended that the reports and recommendations given by the inquiry commission are not binding on the government, and this makes entire fact-finding exercise futile. On the other hand, the process initiated under the Lokayukta laws for the state has got more provisions to bring about changes.Advocate General Kamal Trivedi informed the court that the constitution of the probe panel was legally done by the state government as per section 3 of Commission of Inquiry.A bench of acting Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala concluded that no illegality was committed by the government in setting up the commission. The division bench also observed that no malafide can be seen in the government's decision to ask the retired Supreme Court judge to probe the allegations as per the law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kannauj", "code": "11920122", "title": "SP puts prestige at stake in Kannauj", "text": "KANNAUJ: Although SP patriarch Mulayam Singh Yadav has put at stake the prestige of his son and successor at the three assembly constituencies of Kannauj for \"all-round development of the area\", he has very little to support his claim. This is because despite being the parliamentary seat of Yadav junior, Kannauj stands out as the poor cousin of Safai in terms of facilities and infrastructure enjoyed by the latter.What's appalling is the fact that Samajwadi Party (SP) leadership has only itself to blame for not ushering the dawn of development in Kannauj. The reasons are quite obvious: two out of three assembly seats of Sadar and Chhibramau are held by the party while Akhilesh is the member of Parliament (MP) from Kannauj. This means that there is no dearth of funds for development which otherwise is cited by parties and candidates for their lackadaisical approach for the development of any constituency.Kannauj, the seat of ancient emperor Harshvardhan's empire and repository of rich archeological and cultural heritage of the past, has virtually nothing to offer for the present. Though being a SP stronghold, the Yadav clan has a tough job at hand as the \"attar\" (perfume) capital of India is fast losing its fragrance. The mainstay of Kannauj's sagging economy \"attar\" industry, which earlier sustained the livelihood of a large section of local populace, is today fighting a grim battle for its survival.Perhaps the SP is also privy to the seething discontent among the locals as far as the issue of sidetracking development of key areas at the cost of building the fortunes of their home turf, Safai. Apprehensive of voters' backlash, the SP chief has drummed up all resources and put Akhilesh at the centre stage of campaigning in the area to drive home the message that \"wrongs done in the past would be rectified in future\".As stage gets set for polling on February 19, development certainly seems to be playing a dominant role in Kannauj which has three assembly seats: Kannauj Sadar (reserve), Tirwa (formerly Umarda) and Chhibramau. \"At stake here is the future of over 120 big factories and hundreds of smaller ones engaged in bottling of perfumes. Over 2 crore people in the state are directly or indirectly dependent on 'attar' industry.Largely exported, 'attar' is also used in masala/gutka industry which is facing a tough time following SC ruling. 'Attar', also used in agarbatti manufacturing, has high demand in cosmetics industry. \"Earlier, we used to get even 20-22 hours of power supply, which has now dipped to 8-10 hours. Though distillation of perfume does not involve electricity, other activities related to making perfume do. It's a battle of survival for the industry,\" said Saifullah, a prominent 'attar' exporter.His views were echoed by another exporter, Faisal. \"The tough and apathetic attitude of the government has seen the gutka industry's growth and sales dip by almost 70 -80%. Even the price of sandal oil used by us has sky-rocketed -- from Rs 10,000 per liter about two decades back to nearly a lakh today,\" said Faisal who also rued lack of infrastructural development in the region.The SP shifts the burden to BSP. \"Development here has been stalled by the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) government as it is a SP stronghold. Besides the parliamentary seat, SP holds two of the three assembly seats -- Kannauj Sadar and Chhibramau, with the BSP holding the Tirwa (formerly Umarda) seat. Poor infrastructure like non-availability of electricity and shabby roads have stalled the growth of local industries,\" said SP candidate and sitting MLA from Chhibramau, Arvind Singh.\"As potato is the prominent crop in the region, we would ensure after coming to power that potato-based industries are set up in the region to boost the economy and lessen the burden on 'attar' industry,\" claimed Arvind Singh, who seconded SP chief Mulayam's claim that more cold storages would be built in the area so that the recent catastrophe, where hundreds of tonnes of potato could not be sold and had to be dumped in fields and roads to accommodate the new yield, could be avoided.Most of the cold storages are in the Chhibramau area, a prominent potato growing belt.A Chhibramau cold storage manager, Vishesh Chauhan, said: \"Not only the potato farmers, but each and every cold storage owner has suffered losses in the previous season.\" Added Shivraj Yadav, a potato farmer, \"Earlier, the potato market used to record 80-100 metric tones of sale daily, but now the sale has dipped to 25-30 metric tonnes. Extreme cold during this season too has taken a toll on the potato crop. The district agriculture office has done nothing to save it from 'jhulsa' disease.\"Tahir Siddiqui of the BSP, who is contesting from the Chhibramau seat, agreed that development was the main issue. \"If we win this seat held by the SP, we will ensure that stalled development projects are renewed,\" he said. He, however, blamed the SP for neglecting the area's development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11919073", "title": "Fire at godown of Ajmer electricity corporation", "text": "AJMER: A fire broke out in the one of the biggest godowns of the state electric corporation in Naka Madar area early on Thursday morning. The fire brigade took about three hours to control the fire and used eight tankers of water. The department is calculating the loss but it is roughly around Rs 70 lakh. There was no fire escape or even an exhaust window in the building.The electric supply for Naka Madar was discontinued for three hours. There was mild panic among the residents of nearby colonies who came out on the streets.The store of Ajmer Vidhyut Vitran Nigam in Naka Madar was used to store transformers, electric meters and other instruments used by the nigam in 16 districts of the state. \"I saw fire in the godown and it was spreading with speed,\" said the night guard. He informed the police and fire brigade.\"A half-an-hour delay would have turned this into a major disaster as the residential area is hardly a few meters away,\" said a police official.\"As the record of the things stored in the godown was also in the same building, it has got destroyed,\" said an official source.The department denied commenting on the source of fire and initiated an enquiry on it. \"A short circuit can not turn into this kind of fire as there was nothing flammable in the godown. There were wires, transformers, fuses and meters - all have fire controlling metals,\" added a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11920224", "title": "Motorists fume as dust rises from unswept roads", "text": "CHENNAI: Have you often cursed when forced to drive through huge clouds of dust or when you have no option but to navigate through pedestrians on your left and a median on the right? You are not alone.Hundreds of residents have been complaining that mounds of sand and dead leaves left on interior roads and a few main roads across the city because street conservancy has come to a complete standstill has led to this situation. Corporation officials, though, say that their first priority is clearing the garbage and that the streets will have to wait.Commuters dread driving on arterial Ramakrishna Mutt Road in Mandaveli. Even after a part of it has been made a one-way stretch, they say, the traffic is always congested, mainly because pedestrians occupy a large part of the roadside.\"The sand is spread for nearly one foot on both sides, so people insist on walking on the black topping. Where are we to drive?\" said Shanthi Krishnan, a resident of RA Puram. The situation is the same in several places - along the interior roads of Padmanabha Nagar in Adyar, on the seaward roads in Valmiki Nagar, at Jupiter Estates off Greenways Road, and even on the busy streets in the city's commercial hub of T Nagar.Besides creating traffic problems, huge amounts of dust are thrown into the air. \"I have started covering my face with a scarf, not just to protect my skin from the sun but also from the dust. After a drive, I end up feeling dirty,\" said Vipasana M of Kalakshetra Colony in Besant Nagar.Street conservancy that includes sweeping the streets daily and removing the mounds of sand and mud completely has not been done for the past few months, say residents.\"We have not seen conservancy workers sweep the streets. They just empty the garbage bins and drive away. Our maids only clear the stretch of road in front of our gate,\" said N Venkateshwaran, a resident of T Nagar.Sweeping streets is a key part of zonal conservancy that the ward's conservancy inspector is supposed to insist on. It is also a duty mentioned in the contract given to private firms taking up conservancy operations.Corporation officials though say street conservancy is not exactly on top of their priority list. \"We are now focusing only on clearing garbage. We are also short-staffed, so once we streamline garbage-collection and clean the city, we will focus on issues like sweeping streets,\" said an official from the solid waste management department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11922489", "title": "There is space, time for diplomatic solution: US on Iran", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Obama administration believes there is time and space for a diplomatic solution to the \"world's concerns\" about Iran's development of nuclear weapons if it engages in \"constructive behaviour\", the White House said.\"There is time and space here for a diplomatic solution... if Iran chooses to engage in constructive behaviour,\" White House press secretary Jay Carney told reporters, responding to a question on Iran writing a letter to the European Union , expressing willingness to talk on nuclear weapons' issue.\"We're reviewing the letter,\" Carney said. \"We have certainly noted in the past that the Iranians needed to respond to that letter. So they have. But I don't want to make any qualitative judgements about their response at this time.\"Carney said if Iran chooses a path of \"honouring its international obligations and working with the international community to remove the world's concerns about its development of a nuclear weapons program\", then there is an opportunity for Iran to work its way out of the corner that its behaviour has led them into.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11920435", "title": "Kochi's ring road to take off soon", "text": "KOCHI: The Rs 1,400-crore ring road project, which will connect the city with the eastern suburban areas, will take off soon. Works minister V K Ibrahimkunju said on Thursday that a detailed project report was being readied.The project has been designed to connect the eastern parts of the city with Vyttila Mobility Hub, mainly to reduce the volume of traffic on these routes. The semi-ring road will begin from the hub to Kaniyampuzha, Seaport-Airport Road, Infopark, SmartCity area, Kalamassery HMT premises and to Vallarpadam Container Terminal Road.The city is growing towards the eastern side now, and the IT hub and the Vallarpadam areas need to be connected to the city through a new route,'' Benny Behnan MLA, who submitted the proposal for the project, said.The project was approved by a high-level committee comprising the chief minister last year. Tom Jose, managing director of Kochi Metro Rail Corporation Limited, has been assigned to study the feasibility of the project, and Natpac is preparing the project report.\"Kochi needs a new road to connect the most happening areas. That is why the project was proposed. The existing roads are already congested,\" said Behnan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11920084", "title": "Bypolls for 7 assembly seats on March 18", "text": "HYDERABAD: Nearly 15 months as chief minister of Andhra Pradesh, N Kiran Kumar Reddy is slated to face the first challenge to his leadership with the Election Commision on Thursday announcing bypolls to seven assembly constituencies in the state to be held on March 18. Of the seven seats, six are in Telangana and one in Seemandhra's Nellore district. The bypoll announcement, coming as it did on the eve of the state budget presentation has taken the state government by surprise and can come in the way of any welfare schemes that could be already in place in the budget as the model code of conduct comes into place immediately.The bypolls are to be held for the Mahabubnagar, Nagarkurnool, Station Ghanpur, Kollapur, Adilabad and Kamareddy assembly seats in Telangana and Kovur assembly seat in Nellore district. The vacancy in Mahabubnagar seat was caused due to the death of independent M Rajeshwar Reddy, while the bypoll in Nagarkurnool was necessitated due to the resignation of Nagam Janardhan Reddy from the TDP over the Telangana issue. In Station Ghanpur and Kollapur, Congress MLAs T Rajaiah and Jupalli Krishna Rao quit the ruling party for T cause and joined the TRS.Similarly, TDP MLAs Jogu Ramanna and Gampa Goverdhan quit the TDP and joined the TRS. The lone vacancy in Kovur was caused due to the resignation of TDP MLA N Prasanna Kumar Reddy to join the YSR Congress .As per the schedule, the counting of votes are slated to be taken up on March 21, 2012. The bypolls will be an acid test for Kiran Kumar as Congress sources themselves admitted that the TRS is strong in the six assembly seats in that region while the YSR Congress is on a strong wicket in Nellore district. \"If Kiran manages to win a seat or two, it will greatly cement his hold on the party leadership. If the Congress draws a blank, he is in for trouble,\" said Congress sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11919058", "title": "'Real education lies beyond beyond classrooms'", "text": "JAIPUR: Designing T-shirt, visiting farmhouses, making artefacts out of home wastes, street theatre on social issues and many more such activities have taken the classrooms beyond the traditional four walls.Teaching and learning is not complete with mugging answers form textbooks. Today, students have to go through various aspects of learning which include hands-on experience. Similarly, teachers are also using this opportunity and taking students to botanical parks, lakes and slums to teach them live lessons.As part of their curriculum, schools have added social services in which students are participating actively. \"It is necessary to take children out of school boundaries. We take them to village visit. Along with it, various theme-based parties are organized. Each week, there is a special assembly where we celebrate each festival of India. This is to make them culturally enrich,\" said Vinita Vohra, principal, Poddar World School.For the overall grooming, many schools are taking students to industrial visits, banks and post offices. \"Real education lies beyond classrooms. We take the kids to field trips and industrial visits. Before visiting a yarn factory, the teacher shows a video of it so that they have some idea of it. Right after the visit, they were asked to fill a questionnaire and this experiment was very successful,\" said Bela Joshi, principal, Subodh Public School.\"In science classes, each student has to give a presentation on the day-to-day use of a particular concept which they learn. It is amazing to see the examples they give. This approach has been more successful in teaching them the concepts. Similarly, activities have now been even associated with the subjects which students find it difficult to learn. In an innovative step to teach Sanskrit, we have started an Antakshari on the subject,\" said Lata Rawat, principal of Cambridge Court High School.Workshops on rainwater harvesting are held regularly at the school. \"Since water is a major issue in Rajasthan, we have special workshops on rainwater harvesting in which students do everything. Encouraged with the practical session, many of them have implemented it in their homes too,\" added Rawat.A group of students from DPS went to a farmhouse and spent half-day there. They interacted with the farmers and learnt about types of crops, what challenges they face in farming and types of soil. \"It was enthralling and enriching for both teachers and students,\" said Seema Bhatnagar, principal, Delhi Public School.\"Any learning in informal environment goes deeper. It is all about doing it rather than just reading it. When students use their hands, they have a real life experience of it which remains with them forever,\" she added.Classrooms, too, have changed into activity areas with each school putting up activity rooms for music, yoga, language, science and other subject-specific themes. Students are allowed to freely experiment with little interference from teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11920376", "title": "Cops plan IT-aided trauma response", "text": "HYDERABAD: Andhra Pradesh police are looking to buy laptops for setting up the much-needed accident tracking system which is vital for trauma response and have sought Rs 5 crore for purchases.The move is necessitated by a deteriorating road safety record with nearly 15,000 people losing their lives in over 45,000 road accidents across the state in 2011.State police requested the Union ministry for road transport and highways to fund the accident-tracking system project at a recent meeting with senior officials.The plan is to procure either laptops or tablets for posting accident data online.The AP Road Safety Authority (APRSA) officials said that the online Violation and Accident Tracking System (Vats) project has not taken off due to funding issues. State police require at least 150 gadgets to get going with the actual requirement tipped to exceed 2,000 instruments.\"Infosys, as part of its corporate social responsibility, has developed a software that alerts emergency services like ambulance, fire services and the department of transport about an accident.\"Although the software is available, there is nothing we can do to access the innovation without the required gadgets.Ministry of road transport officials have promised to recommend to the Union government that AP be helped with the setting up of the system,\" APRSA in-charge and additional director general (provisions and logistics) T Krishna Prasad, told TOI.Once Vats is in place, the official at an accident site can feed the necessary details needed for trauma analysis into a laptop.\"Presently, details from an accident are filed only after the officer gets back to the police station where the details may not always be accurately filled in,\" a senior police officer said.Through Vats, information is posted online by the officer on duty as and when the accident takes place with the location of the accident accessible through Google Maps.Police have identified 1,116 accident-prone zones in the state and these locations have been flagged on Google Maps.Road transport ministry officials have been visiting different states to take study accident response and measures taken to reduce mishaps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11920566", "title": "Rural India, Japanese culture come alive", "text": "The austerity of rural India seldom fails to touch the creative soul. Fine arts photographer Rachna Shukla, too, felt drawn towards the country's rural splendour, where life gradually lured her artistic eye into its gentle fold.\"As a child, I've spent summers in my grandmother's village in Itawa, Uttar Pradesh. The countryside lured me over and over again through the years,\" says Rachna. \"There was no electricity there. I spent all my time in the open and captured what my heart was drawn to.\" The picture-perfect moments were frozen in frames. \"This kind of photography is less about the subject and more to do with the entire picture within the frame. These photographs have to be inherently beautiful,\" she explains. In fact, fine arts photography is emerging as an asset to invest in. \"In India, it's still very niche because this kind of photography is about the subtle nature of the visual and the composition in tandem,\" explains Rachna.India's inherent beauty thrives beyond international boundaries.The Japan Habba, a yearly event since 2005, is a confluence of art and ideas that integrate the people of both nations. \"This habba was conceptualized by Prof Hatha, who taught Japanese at Bangalore University,\" says Preet Vidyanand, chairman of Japan Habba organizing committee. \"Over the years, the habba has taken within its fold Japanese and Indian corporates, both contributing and participating.\" In fact, Japanese nationals living in Delhi come to Bangalore every year for the celebrations. \"It signifies intercultural exchange between Indians and Japanese through programmes and activities like Sumie painting, Japanese tea ceremony; kimono wearing; origami, calligraphy, playback theatre, a Okinawa-Shamisen recital, Kanji Mehendi, portrait drawing, Manga reading and flower arrangements,\" explains Preet. The 580-strong Japanese community in Bangalore will come together for the grand celebration. \"The Japanese will perform Bharatanatyam, Bollywood dance and songs in Indian languages. And Indians will sing in Japanese,\" says Preet.In its avatar as a cultural hub, India has Europe's top band Akcent touring the country for the third time. The trio -- Adrian Sina, Mihai Gruia and Sorin Brotnei from Romania -- are living it up in Goa after performing in New Delhi,Kolkata, Ahmedabad, Surat and Mumbai, before they head to Bangalore for their show on Sunday. \"On their previous visit, the trio tried steering an autorickshaw,\" says Akshat Mudbidri, Akcent's India tour manager. The trio confirms they love to come back to India, especially Bangalore. \"That's because of the amazing response to our Euro Dance music. We feel it sends out positive vibes and makes the young generation happy,\" say the trio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11923588", "title": "Bobby Darling turns Bobbylina Boywala!", "text": "Ace choreographer Farha Khan will be debuting opposite Boman Irani in Sanjay Leela Bhansali next upcoming comedy movie 'Shirin Farhad'.The shooting of the movie has already started in Mumbai. According to sources, \" The movie is based on a Parsi story line hence Bhansali has plans to rope in more than 200 Parsi people for his climax scene in the movie.\" Moreover, Bobby Darling has also been roped to do a role in the movie by Bhansali. Bobby says excitedly after wrapping up her shoot on Wednesday morning at a Parsi College in Lower Parel area, \" I'm extremely excited about my role in the movie as it speaks moer about what I'm in real life. I play the role of a Parsi Girl called Bobbylina Boywala who is looking for a perfect man in her life.\"\"My character demands a very oomp factor. It was more enjoyable to do the role because that is exactly how I behave in my daily life,\" she laughs.Praising about Farha Khan's acting skill on the shooting set, Bobby says, \" I never expected Farha would act so well. She was good during the shoot. Everyone had praises for her. And above all when you have talented directors and producers like Sanjay and his sister Bela they know what they need.\" The movie is due to be released by the month of May this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "manikpur (chitrakoot)", "code": "11920869", "title": "Chitrakoot\u2019s lathi woman dares Maya, MSY", "text": "MANIKPUR (CHITRAKOOT): When Sampat Pal went to meet Sonia Gandhi at 10 Janpath for the first time in 2006 she had attained the image of a furious leader of lathi brandishing gang of women, all clad in pink. They would hold government officials by their collar and drag them out of their office if they failed to do their duty or harassed people. Pal had little inkling that six years later she would be meeting people with folded hands and greeting them with a smile.Leader of Gulabi Gang and now a Congress candidate from Manikpur constituency in Chitrakoot, Pal is busy convincing people why her party should be voted to power. \"I needed to be in politics as it is one way through which I can reach out to the maximum number of people,'' she says emerging out of an SUV, with members of Youth Congress huddled in half a dozen more such vehicles rallying behind. Pal, who is otherwise known for roughing up lax officials, often beating them with a stick, has been extensively campaigning in her constituency since August after getting the Congress ticket. \"I was the first one to get the ticket from Soniaji,'' she boasts.Daughter of a shepherd, Pal was put to work on the family's land while her brothers went to school. She was married when she was just 12 years old. Her in-laws wanted her to veil her face and remain silent in the presence of male members. Instead, she went on to give a difficult company. One may get crude abuses on not showing respect to her.\"She has been extraordinary since childhood. She would protest against what she considered was not good for her or family or society,\" says her brother Shiv Naresh Pal who accompanies his sister on the campaign trail.In 2005, Pal set up a tribal women welfare organisation, Adivasi Mahila Gramudyog Sewa Samiti. Initially, she taught women the `art of stick whacking'. And, on February 14, 2006, when the world was celebrating Valentine's Day, Gulabi Gang was constituted. \"We now have our units in almost all districts,'' says Pal, who is the national commander of the group.But while Pal poses as a suave political leader these days, she is unwilling to mend her ways. Last month, she along with other gang members went charging against some police officials who had locked up six labourers for 36 hours for stealing' sand from the banks of a river. \"I asked them to leave the poor as they were just trying to earn a livelihood. But they kicked me,'' she alleged. \"Tabhi maine socha ki ab tum bhi lo (Now you get from me),\" she says. \"Mara phir maine bhi unhein lathion se (Then I also beat them with sticks),\" she says, giggling groggily.Pal often changes her tone and speaks like a mature politician. \"Neither the BSP nor the Samajwadi Party have done anything for the people of this region. Look at that...,'' she says, pointing towards a well in Unchadih, a Kol village. She claims the well was dug up callously under MNREGS. \"What you see is the rainwater which would dry up soon and people would be left high and dry once again,'' says the Gulabi gang commander. \"Both Mayawati and Mulayam have fooled people of this area,\" she says holding a Kol woman by her arm and asks her if she has eaten food. The woman responds in a big no.Walking briskly from one hut to another, Pal hugs women in rags showing her palm and saying, \"Vote on 'panja' (election symbol of Congress) this time...ok''.Pal, however, has a challenging task at hand. In the last assembly election, more than 46% of the total votes polled went in favour of winning BSP candidate Daddu Prasad. BSP and SP together managed to get over 87% of the total votes polled. Congress candidate Bharti Chawdhary, who came third, could manage around 4600 votes, barely 4% of the total votes polled.The situation was even worse in 2002 assembly election when Congress candidate Shiromani Bhai managed to get only 3.7% of total votes and came fourth. Daddu Prasad, who had then contested on BJP ticket, was the winner. This time, however, BSP denied ticket to Daddu Prasad. While there is no official confirmation from the party, Chandrabhan Singh Patel may contest from Manikpur.SP, on the other hand, has announced the candidature of Shyam Charan Shukla. Pal sees this as an opportunity. \"Is baar hum Mayawati aur Mulayam dono ko dhool chata denge (Both Mayawati and Mulayam will bite the dust in this assembly election),\" Pal warns. Assembly elections news 2012UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11918579", "title": "Activists hail verdict, say counselling must for rehab", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The court directive to the state government, asking it to extend help to the rape victim, is an unprecedented and welcome step, say women activists. Ila Pathak, founder of Ahmedabad Women's Action Group ( AWAG), which deals with violence and women, said that a rape victim, especially minors, need all possible help to deal with the mental and physical violation and the compassionate approach of the court is needed which will go beyond legal justice to the victims.\"A girl who has been raped needs emotional counselling, medical help as well as compensation to rehabilitate her in terms of good schooling. These are basic needs of the victim which should be met for her rehabilitation in the mainstream again,\" Pathak said.Pathak said that in contrast to the recent case where the sentence of a rapist was lowered from seven years to three years in a rape case, the court directive showing compassion towards the rape victim is encouraging.Manjula Pradeep of Navsarjan Trust, who deals with a big number of rape cases of dalit girls, many of them minors, says that trauma counselling and compensation are a must for rape victims and this help should be offered to the victims irrespective of them seeking the same.\"Rules state that the state government should provide compensation to rape victims, but it is seldom awarded to the victims. Victims and their families undergo huge expenses in terms of travelling and legal expenditure and there should be a system in place where the compensation is awarded to all rape victims without the family having to struggle in different offices for the same,\" Manjula said. tnnManjula said many minor rape victims are made to give their statements in in-camera trials which should be done away with. \"Medical report in case of a minor rape victim is enough evidence that she has been raped. She should not be made to relive the horror again. It is unnecessary and extremely traumatic for the minor girls,\" Manjula added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "11920159", "title": "Malabar takes a back seat in state's tourism growth", "text": "KANNUR: The remarkable growth in number of foreign tourists visiting the state seems to be skewed in favour of south and central Kerala.Malabar region portrays a dismal picture despite having some of the best tourist destinations, according to figures of department of tourism.Though the rate of foreign tourists visiting the state witnessed a 11.18% growth from 6,59,265 in 2010 to 7,32,985 in 2011, the contribution of north Kerala districts to this figure is abysmal (6.18%).In 2010, only 6.27% of the total foreign tourists who visited the state came to Malabar. The same for central Kerala is 55.94% and for south Kerala it is 38.69%.The tourism department is yet to finalize a district-wise chart of the foreign and domestic tourist arrival for 2011. But officials say that a huge variation in the share from the Malabar region compared to the previous years is unlikely.Domestic tourist arrival to Kerala during the year 2011 is 93,81,455. It showed an increase of 9.15% over the previous year's figure of 85,95,075. In 2010, the contribution of Malabar was around 27.27% and this year too the trend is the same, say the officials.According to K Bhaskaran, deputy director, department of tourism, Kannur, Malabar lacks in all aspects of tourism from hygiene to hospitality.\"Malabar region has great destinations, but these places are not marketed properly. We have a notion that constructing huge buildings and resorts would boost tourism, which is not true. We have to develop destinations and the infrastructure and connectivity, where Malabar has failed miserably,\" he says.Officials say for a tourist travelling from Kozhikode to Kannur, there is not even a single hotel that caters to the tastes of the foreign tourist. \"The tourism in Malabar will not improve without the change in the attitude of the people, whereas in the central and south Kerala the attitude is much better,\" says Bhaskaran.The slack in ensuring cleanliness is also a major impediment. \"But the Kannur municipality says that it is not their job to keep tourist spots spic and span. The DTPC spends nearly Rs 1.5 lakh a month to clean the beaches and remove the wastes, though it is not the responsibility of the department,\" says Bhaskaran.Meanwhile the DTPC has given a proposal to develop Kanjirakolly, a small tourists place in Kannur, as a trekking and adventure tourism destination. The Paithalmala eco-tourism project (PEP), which was inaugurated last year, will also be handed over to the Kerala Tourism Development Corporation (KTDC), which would run the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11920416", "title": "Catholic church hopes for a Vatican solution", "text": "KOCHI: As Major Archbishop Mar George Alencherry arrives in Rome for the consistory that would elevate him to the College of Cardinals, here in Kerala, the Syro-Malabar church's hopes are flying high. This anointment is looked upon as another chance for this eastern church to push forward a series of issues which need immediate attention.Last year, a top delegation from the church had met the Pope to highlight the need for addressing a number of problems the church faces in the country.The church also wants the Vatican to grant permission to establish a special jurisdiction for Gulf countries mainly because the church has only succeeded in establishing an eparchy only in Qatar where the government has constructed a church for them. Since the Malayali presence in Gulf countries is phenomenal, the church wants to make its presence felt there, but the Vatican is in no hurry.\"This matter has been discussed with the Vaticanand the persons concerned are already into consultations. The process is on, but since this is a diplomatic problem there will not be a hasty decision,\" said Fr Paul Thelakat, official spokesperson of the church.The church also wants its supreme head in Rome to allow it to establish dioceses across the country, especially in Delhi and other major cities. According to the church officials, there should be freedom to build and open churches anywhere in the world, something that other church groups enjoy. The need to construct more churches becomes more relevant since a good number of Keralites live outside the state where they have to worship under the authority of Latin-rite bishops.There has also been a demand of unifying the holy mass format for all dioceses spread across the country and abroad. For years, the church officials and also the laity have been divided over whether the holy mass should be celebrated with the priests facing the people or the altar.Many feel that with the anointment of the cardinal, the Vatican has shown keen interest in the affairs of the Syro-Malabar Church which has over 40 lakh faithful across the country and abroad.\"The assignation should be seen as a gesture of appreciation and recognition that the Pope has for the community,\" said Adv Pauly Mathew Muricken, research guide in law at NUALS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11919821", "title": "Team Anna members to visit Goa from Feb 28", "text": "PANAJI: With the issue of corruption foremost on everyone's mind in the run up to the elections, it remains to be seen what the Anna Hazare led anti-corruption movement has, on the fate of the candidates.India Against Corruption activists and members of Team Anna are scheduled to visit the state from February 28 to March 1.Team Anna's core group members Arvind Kejriwal and Kiran Bedi will make a trip to Goa as part of their visits to the poll bound states.Goa representative in the IAC national committee Dinesh Vaghela said, as Anna Hazare is receiving medical attention, he will not be able to make a trip to the state.Vaghela said, IAC Goa is planning to hold meetings across the state and felt most constituencies would feel some impact of the anti-corruption movement on voting.IAC Goa coordinator Satish Sonak was of the view that in this election, the impact of money power would decrease as \"the voter is realizing that selling his vote is the root cause of corruption.\"He also felt the voter turnout would increase this time, as people have realized that \"bad things happen because good people don't do anything (go and vote).\"Assembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11919809", "title": "Body-in-sack cases get murkier, cops at a loss", "text": "KOLKATA: Mystery shrouding the dumping of mutilated bodies in sacks is getting intense as police found uncanny resemblances in the modus operandi of the murderers. In all three cases, the victims were young and their bodies were badly mangled and stuffed in sacks. Moreover, the sacks were casually dropped at crowded places across the city without drawing any attention from the onlookers.The latest of the body-in-a-sack was dumped at Khas Mullickpur of Bakrahat in South 24-Parganas on Monday. Like the other two victims, the youth in the third case was also throttled to death. Clad in check T-shirt and black trousers, the body bore no marks of injury and was partially decomposed.In none of the cases, police could identify the victims.The first sack was found under Dhakuria bridge. People later found a partially decomposed body of a 17-year-old girl. Apparently, there was no mark of external injury. Significantly, police found a school uniform in the sack.\"We are not ruling out the hands of an organised gang behind this dumping of bodies. The victims certainly do not belong to the locality where their bodies are being dumped. In every case, they hail from different places. This has left the investigators confused. We are yet to identify the victims. We have even got the photograph of the uniform we found in the sack published in newspapers, but received no feedback on it,\" said joint commissioner (crime) Damayanti Sen.After an interrogation, police came to know that a person came in a taxi, got down near Dhakuria bridge, casually dumped the sack in the vat and walked away. No body had inkling that there was a dead body in the sack. People informed police after the stench from the sack became unbearable.The second body was found near Park Circus station. The body, once again, had no mark of injury. The GRP is now working in coordination with the city police to track the criminal.But before the investigators could focus on the probe more intensely, four sacks were found on Sealdah and Kalyani almost at same time. The body parts were so badly mutilated that the victims could not be identified, said a GRP investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11918756", "title": "Turnout forces fortune reassessment", "text": "MUMBAI: With more than 50% voters choosing not to exercise their right to vote, political parties are on the edge. A low turnout increases chances of narrow victory margins. A favourable or unfavourable pocket within a ward can decide a candidate's victory/defeat.While assessment of who polled more votes is difficult without details on the way each crucial pocket in a ward performed, the poor turnout, especially after the first three hours saw good voting, gives the Shiv Sena-BJP-RPI combine an elbow's advantage, some political observers said.The first three hours of voting saw over 11% voter turnout in many pockets, especially in Marathi-dominated belts. The Sena has the strongest grassroots cadre in Mumbai.Many independent observers felt this gives them a natural advantage.The voting lost steam during the second leg in the afternoon, when the focus of political parties is to get \"less enthusiastic\" voters out. A senior Congress leader said it seemed as if the voting would cross 50% following polling in the first half.The low turnout forced parties to go back to the drawing boards and get in touch with \"trusted\" psephologists for reassessments of their fortunes.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who was monitoring elections across the state from his official residence in South Mumbai, interacted with elected representatives and other functionaries to get more voters out.Sena leader Sanjay Raut said the \"poor turnout will not impact us much as we have strong cadres\". Besides there was healthy voting in Marathi pockets, he added.Congress city chief Kripashankar Singh felt otherwise. \"Our voters have come out in bigger numbers,\" he claimed, expressing confidence that the Congress-NCP alliance would unseat the saffron alliance in the BMC. Party MP Sanjay Nirupam and state unit general secretary Sanjay Dutt felt it would be premature to assess political gains without a ward-wise picture, but both felt the Congress-NCP alliance would do well. NCP city chief Narendra Verma had similar views.Like Raut, MNS leader Bala Nandgaonkar claimed voting was considerably better in some Marathi-dominated pockets. Nandgaonkar said the \"youth had come out to vote in large numbers, which will benefit the MNS\". But Raut claimed the youth had largely stayed away. To come to power in the BMC, a party or an alliance would need to come as close to the magic figure of 114 out of 227 seats.Need for a debate on compulsory voting: Following another poor show by city voters, leaders across political parties admitted it was time to find out the reasons for lack of connect with the electorate. Leaders agreed it was time for a debate on whether voting should be compulsory.\"We spend so much time preparing election rolls and on poll expenditure, and then over 50% voters stay away. A candidate who has the mandate of 15% voters decides the fate of all voters. How fair is this? Are voters not letting down democracy?\" asked Nandgaonkar.\"I feel sad as a social activist and support the idea of a debate on compulsory voting to strengthen the democratic set-up,\" Dutt said.Slander campaigns disenchanted voters? Slander campaigns against rivals and individuals took precedence over development. Leaders agreed there was a need for introspection in this regard too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11920785", "title": "Save dying swamps in Western Ghats", "text": "BANGALORE: One of the last remains of the primary forests of Western Ghats is on the verge of extinction. The slow-growing Myristica swamps take a long time to mature, and with the environment witnessing rapid changes, the plant species is losing out on its stable habitat, which it requires to thrive in abundance.\"The Ghats is an ecologically fragile area which people have, over the years, encroached upon and converted to grow cash crops. This, in turn, gradually affected the Myristica swamps habitat,\" said TV Ramachandra, member of the Energy and Wetlands Research Group, Centre for Ecological Sciences (CES).Most swamps reportedly perished on being converted into rice fields or areca, coffee and rubber gardens, or got submerged under hydel and irrigation projects. Quite a few got destroyed in fires set off by shifting cultivators, while many had to pay the price of forest operations of various kinds, conservationists said.WHAT ARE THEY?Myristica swamps are one of the Ghats' unique ecosystems. Located in low-lying, poorly drained depressions, these swamps form an extensive network along water courses, through primeval forests of the Ghats. They are considered priceless for evolutionary biology. With aerial roots, a canopy of large, dark green leaves and little-known specialized data, these swamps continue to interest biologists even now.\"Today, the swamps are found only in small patches, either in sacred groves or parts of reserved forests. No continuous habitat is seen,\" said MD Subhash Chandran, consulting scientist, Centre for Ecological Sciences.HOW TO SAVE THEMAreas where these swamps still thrive need to be cut off from human activityCircumscribe an area within the reserve forests and protect them. Ideally, identify an area which has a slow-flowing streamDevelop protected areas/corridors to connect fragmented ecosystems or habitats", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11919093", "title": "Unlike other candidates, Maind spends carefree day &amp; night", "text": "NAGPUR: Through Thursday night, all contestants of Thursday's Nagpur Municipal Corporation ( NMC) polls must have prayed to their gods or kept their fingers crossed. But one candidate had no such issues. In fact, she was the only one among 1,232 candidates who had not even campaigned. Vishakha Maind, a BJP candidate from Deekshabhoomi prabhag, must have slept soundly on Thursday night, since she had been already elected unopposed.This was thanks to a smart move by her husband Baba Maind, former corporator from Dharampeth area. Baba had fielded his better half after the ward was reserved for women. He then played a tactical move by asking his close friend to field his wife, Sonali Gatlewar, as an independent candidate. Gatlewar later sought and got a Congress ticket against Vishakha Maind. However, Gatlewar withdrew her nomination on the last day, leading to major embarrassment for the 125-year-old Congress, leaving Maind as the only candidate in the ward.Maind, who had filed her nomination as an OBC candidate, passed her day rather peacefully unlike other candidates rushing around their wards. \"I went to cast my vote in the morning at Dharampeth Rajat Mahotsav School and then spent some time with activists, visiting some booths. Then I came back to complete my household chores, including cooking for my son Sharvil,\" she said.She added the BJP would definitely get a majority in the civic body and the other BJP candidate in the ward - city BJP chief Anil Sole - would win with a comfortable margin. On how she felt as a winner when other candidates were unsure of the outcome till Friday, Maind says she is fortunate and gave credit to party superiors for the success. \"I owe my win to my husband and would work under his supervision and guidance,\" she says.Maind has now set her sights on the development of the ward and seems to be well aware of its problems. \"Old sewage lines are the biggest problem in our ward, and this is more severe in Kachipura area. Water scarcity is another area of concern. My priority would be to address these two issues, apart from roads and other amenities,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "banda/chitrakoot", "code": "11920210", "title": "Political drought leaves Bundelkhand starving", "text": "BANDA/CHITRAKOOT: Sunita's hands tremble as she picks up a heavy hammer to break a stone boulder in Narhari village, about 40 km from main Banda city. It has been more than three hours since the 18-year-old has been doing what her father Jagat Pal never wanted. \"But we do not have any option. She needs to help me in breaking these stones. The lorry may come anytime,'' Pal says.The father-daughter duo have managed to break enough boulders to fill a lorry in a month time for which they will get a paltry sum of Rs 1500.Hundreds of families in Narhari village begin and end their day breaking stones brought from hillocks, known as 'Pahar', situated near by. They have seen better days too. These families once held enough land for agriculture, until repeated droughts reduced them to small time labourers.\"I had to mortgage many of my belongings to sustain my family,'' says Pal, his face turning grim. Many people like Pal face a similar situation even as they struggle for livelihood.Villages like Narhari are situated throughout Banda and Chitrakoot districts of Bundelkhand, which has been in news for farmers' suicide and starvation deaths.Studies show that out of the four regions of Uttar Pradesh, Bundelkhand is the worst as far as indicators of agricultural development like irrigation facilities, fertiliser consumption and cropping intensity are concerned. Average size of holding here is almost double of the state's average, but land quality and productivity is low. Indicators of industrial development present a mixed picture. Though the region has the largest number of small scale units per lakh of population, the number of workers in the registered factories per lakh of population is the lowest in the region.Agricultural sector had registered some growth during 90s with the expansion of irrigation facilities in the region. In fact, Bundelkhand region outperformed the agricultural growth in the state during that period. Foodgrain production registered a very high growth at 3.5% per annum during 1990-99, mainly due to high increase in yield rates. The situation was better till 2004 when drought hit the region. As time progressed, scores of farmers found themselves at the bottom of what was needed for human survival. Many others were caught in debt trap. By 2010, hundreds of them had committed suicide and quite a few died of starvation. \"The consequences of drought and loan taking tendencies piled up,'' says Raja Bhaiyya, a local social activist.The region also appears to stand at the bottom of priority for the state government as far as basic infrastructure is concerned. Chitrakoot district nurses its status of a pilgrimage centre amid a wounded infrastructure. Your patience and muscles are well for a hard test if you happen to drive around Karwi in Chitrakoot; or on the 50km stretch between Banda and Mahoba.But that is not the case around Kanshiram Agriculture Institute in Banda where the roads are regularly maintenance.Of late, there have been voices of protest pitching in against the bad administration and the utter neglect shown towards the people of this region by public representatives. The protest revolves around the issue of starvation deaths as well as unavailability of basic amenities like road, electricity and water.Last month people of 22 villages of Naraini block put up banners at various spots stating that the candidates in fray for the assembly election must answer some basic questions before they enter these villages. \"There is no water and electricity in our village. These politicians must answer us or face the music,'' said Heera Lal of village Ritahuli. He claimed that more than a dozen villages face the same problems.Narsinghpur village lacks in proper drinking water and drainage facilities. \"We have lodged several complaints but not an inch of improvement has come about,'' said Lallu, a native of this village.In a strange kind of protest villagers organised a 'Kukur Bhoj' (Dog Feast), indicatiing that animals understand the plight of people but humans don't.The farmers' suicide and starvation deaths brought the region on the national radar with some top politicians and ministers, including Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Rahul Gandhi, paying visits here. The frequency of political leaders flying into the region increased further as the assembly election drew near. In the past few days, who's who of political parties have been knocking the politically crucial region.The political game in the region, like elsewhere in the state, spins around the caste factor. Both Banda and Chitrakoot, which go to polls in the fourth phase of assembly elction, are heavily dominated by the backwards. While 46% of the population in Banda is backward, their percentage in Chitrakoot is 63.5%. Dalit population in both the district is between 20-26%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11919957", "title": "Financial crisis leads man to end life", "text": "KANPUR: Financial crisis compelled a 45-year-old man to end his life. The Juhi police could not ascertain why the man committed suicide on Wednesday night. Santosh Kumar was a resident of Juhi Bamburiya. He was found hanging from the ceiling of his room on Thursday morning. A relative said he was under severe financial crisis. Santosh was employed in a private firm.No arrests in murder case: A police team conducted probe in the murder of Ram Chandra Yadav without any breakthrough. Yadav, a resident of Y-block in Kidwai Nagar, was shot by two assailants near LML crossing on Wednesday night. A named FIR against Shivam Yadav alias Golu of Kidwai Nagar and Ajit, a residen of Agra, had been lodged by Ram Chandra's son Rinku Yadav with the Panki police. The police have as many as six persons, including the kin of those named in the FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11921703", "title": "Hamid Karzai making positive statements on peace process: US", "text": "WASHINGTON: Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai has made some \"very positive\" statements on peace talks with the Taliban , the US said.\"I don't think that's helpful. What we do want to emphasise is that he's now quite publicly speaking positively about the prospect for talks and about his government's willingness to try to get to a place where Afghans and Afghans are talking to each other,\" State department spokesperson Victoria Nuland said.Nuland's comments came after Karzai, in a statement, said that there have been three-way meetings between Taliban, US and Afghanistan officials. The Taliban, however, have denied it.\"As we said the last time we were on this topic, frankly, we don't think it's for us to get into the blow-by-blow of how we are trying to facilitate a process that gets to Afghans talking to Afghans about peace, reconciliation, and stability there. So I'm frankly not going to get into who met whom where and in what configuration,\" Nuland told reporters.\"What we did think was interesting about the press statements we saw from President Karzai is that he is again making very positive statements about the process, making clear that he and his government are prepared to be actively engaged and working with others on that,\" she said.Karzai had said he was not going to give all the details because the folks trying to work this through need some space to see if the process can work, she said.Nuland said the entire thing is in a very preliminary stage. \"We're still at the stage of trying to build the trust among the Afghans so that they can sit in the room and have conversations.\"From our perspective, this preliminary effort to get the sides to meet directly and meet with each other continues. You're going to have lots of stray press comments from different factions, different groups, throughout this process. We all just need to be steady and take it one step at a time,\" Nuland added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11918757", "title": "Search against Ponty Chadha still on: CBDT", "text": "NEW DELHI: Faced with the growing suggestion that the income tax department's much-publicized \"search and survey\" operation against Ponty Chadha was actually a fizzle, the Central Board of Direct Taxes on Thursday claimed that the exercise with regard to the politically resourceful liquor baron was not over yet.The CBDT clarified that there was no leak in the case that was first carried out on February 1. It termed media reports of an inquiry constituted by CBDT into the leak as speculative.Its claim that the \"search and survey\" operation was still on although it is more than two weeks when the taxmen first visited Chadha's premises comes against the backdrop of a lingering sense of intrigue in political circles over the I-T department's action, particularly its timing; a day before the first phase of UP polls.The operation was followed by similar reports, all attributed to I-T department sources, in diverse media about taxmen finding a cash trove of over Rs 100 crore.It later transpired that what taxmen came across was a pretty modest amount of cash and jewellery valued at Rs 11 crore -- scarcely a heart-stopping figure considering that Chadha's annual turnover is estimated at over Rs 5,000 crore.CBDT on Thursday said a large number of documents were seized from the raids and restraint orders on 13 bank lockers and two other premises were pending. \"The search is yet to be completed,\" it added.During the search operations, cash of Rs 2.03 crore, jewellery and ornaments worth Rs 5.18 crore and fixed deposits of Rs 4.4 crore were seized.The matter is still under investigation, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11920910", "title": "\u2018Putting value to time may diminish your happiness\u2019", "text": "WASHINGTON: Time is money, as the old adage goes. But, believing it too much may be bad for your overall happiness, scientists say.In a series of studies, researchers at Rotman School of Management at the University of Toronto found that when people were prompted to think of their time in terms of money, they felt more impatient and received less enjoyment from leisurely activities , such as surfing Internet or listening to music, unless they were being paid to do so.The results indicate this mindset may affect our ability to enjoy leisure time, and they have implications for our ability to \"smell the proverbial roses\" , study authors Sanford DeVoe and Julian House were quoted as saying by LiveScience.They pointed out that national surveys have shown that while the number of leisure hours has increased in the US over the past 50 years, there has been no accompanying increase in happiness.Instead, people report feeling more time pressure, they said.The study also found that when participants were paid to listen to music, after being prompted to think about their time in terms of money, they derived more enjoyment from the experience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11918526", "title": "Deadly road on Dhauli Hill closed", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Concerned over the recent spurt in road accidents atop the Dhauli Hill, the state government on Thursday closed the approach road to the hill, from where a packed tourist bus had fallen down killing four persons on February 7. Another bus had a narrow escape while plying on the same curved road on Wednesday.\"We have blocked the narrow road by putting up sand barricades in the middle. People take the route to reach a small temple behind the Dhauli Peace Pagoda. But the road is very steep and dangerous,\" said J K Das, executive engineer of the Orissa Tourism Development Corporation (OTDC).A local resident alleged, \"Drivers are lured with commission if they brought tourists near those shops.\"A team of police and OTDC officers visited the site and stopped vehicles from plying on that road. \"We may allow bikes, but heavy vehicles like bus will not ply on the route,\" Das said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11923601", "title": "Telcos demand 2G auction in two stages", "text": "NEW DELHI: All mobile phone companies, whose licences were cancelled by the Supreme Court earlier this month, have demanded that the upcoming auctions for 2G airwaves be split into two rounds, with different base prices.Companies such as Videocon, Sistema , STel, Uninor, Loop and Etisalat DB, among others, have demanded that Trai allow only those players whose licences were quashed by the apex court, or other new entrants who want to enter the telecom sector in India, to participate in the fist stage of the bidding process, which is for start-up spectrums.These companies have said that incumbents such as Bharti Airtel and Vodafone must only be allowed in the second phase, which would be for additional airwaves. \"The operator's whose licences have been revoked by the SC shall have the right to bid for at least two slots of 4.4 MHz spectrum per service area, reserved for them in the proposed auction,\" mobile phone company STel said in its communication to Trai's draft consultation process on this issue.The only exemptions were older operators - Idea Cellular and Tata Teleservices - whose licences were cancelled in seven and three circles respectively by the apex court, and have said that the upcoming 2G spectrum auctions should be open to both incumbents as well as those companies that lost their permits.Other incumbents such as Bharti Airtel, Vodafone and BSNL want the auction of bandwidth following the recent cancellation of 122 licences be open to all operators. \"This will ensure the most efficient allocation of the spectrum, and is necessary to derive a fair market price,\" Vodafone said in its communication to Trai.India's largest telco by revenues and customers Bharti Airtel has told the regulator that if the upcoming bandwidth sale is restricted to a specific 'class of operators', it would be contrary to the judgement of the Supreme Court, may again give rise to the litigation, favour only one set of players and seriously suppress the market value of the spectrum due to the participation of the limited number of operators.But companies such as Videocon, Sistema, STel, Uninor, Loop and Etisalat DB say the apex court had ordered that licences be issued through auctions, and therefore incumbents were excluded as they were not eligible to apply for fresh licence due to their respective existing licences.These companies have asked the regulator to ensure that the base price for airwaves in the first round of auctions be set at Rs 1,658 crore.\"If at all a reserve price has to be defined, it should be based on the service-area wise entry for of Rs 1,658 crore for 6.2 MHz since this is the last auction-determined price for spectrum in 1800 MHz band (as identified in 2001).This price needs to be appropriately adjusted if the block size is larger or smaller than 6.2 MHz. Any other reserve price would be subject to controversy as it would serve to disrupt competition and militate against the principle of level-playing field,\" Etisalt DB said.According to Videocon, restricting the first round of auctions to those players whose licences were quashed and new entrants will also 'facilitate the reduction in tariffs as call rates have gone up by 20% in the last months and are expected to go up further by 30%'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11926326", "title": "Election results: Sena-BJP set to retain power in Thane", "text": "THANE: The Shiv Sena-BJP alliance is set to retain control of Thane Municipal Corporation, belying the prediction that anti-incumbency factor and MNS would make it difficult for the saffron parties to come back to power.Sena-BJP-RPI alliance today emerged as the largest block in the 130-member house, with Shiv Sena winning 53 seats, BJP 8, and RPI 1. Despite forming a pre-poll alliance, Congress and NCP failed to make a decisive impact. While NCP bagged 34 seats, Congress won 18. Raj Thackeray's MNS could get only 7 seats. BSP won two seats, independents won other 7.Prominent candidates who lost included Subhash Bhoir of Shiv Sena, who had crossed over from NCP only a few weeks ago, leader of the outgoing house Pandurang Patil (Shiv Sena), and former Mayor Ashok Raul (NCP), Deoram Bhoir (NCP).Mayor Ashok Vaiti (Shiv Sena) won his seat. MLA Pratap Sarnaik's wife Parisha and son Vihang (both from Shiv Sena) also won. Similarly, the wife of MLA Rajan Vichare, Nandini, also got elected on Shiv Sena ticket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11924664", "title": "'No country can become successful on the back of an uneducated populace'", "text": "The RTE clearly is a landmark judgement in the direction of providing basic education to government school children. With such a vast majority of children yet to be educated, what are the bottlenecks that you perceive in the implementation of the act?Challenges are inevitable in the execution of a vast programme such as the RTE. Lack of sound infrastructure is the major impediment that we face, physical space for the children's education is a constraint. Many government schools have limited classrooms, desks and benches which is the minimum required infrastructure. Teachers are inadequate and recruiting good quality teachers who are willing to teach is a problem. Absenteeism among the children too, is a major challenge. Getting the children to schools is not the problem, but the real challenge lies in retaining them. Having proper sanitation facilities is important for the girl students, as, after a certain age, girls need separate and clean toilet facilities and if they are not provided with adequate facilities, they go back home and do not return. The dropout rate of girls in government schools by class VIII is about 72% in some places, which is an alarming situation. No country in the world can become a successful power on the backs of an uneducated population, we have to give the children the right tools to be able to cope with the 21st century world economy. It is important to keep the children in schools until high school and thereafter offer them vocational training depending on their talent. There is a lot to be done.Q- Why has the government reduced the allocation towards education in the last decade (4.2% in 1999-2000 3.8% in 2008-09)?The GDP of the country has been on the rise and so has the budget, so even a lower percentage would be a higher sum of money, so there is more money going into education, I cannot confirm the accuracy of the figures but we should maintain the same percentage, so that when the economy goes up, the amount of money available for education also goes up.Q- When many a villages do not have adequate electricity supply, how will the government ensure the success of the Aakash tablet programme?Like I mentioned before that sound infrastructure is a problem which also includes electricity supply, but efforts are being made to bridge the gap between ambition and execution. The Aakash tablet is no doubt an excellent programme and it should not be curtailed for the lack of certain facilities. The balance of progress and remedy to challenges should go hand in hand.Q- Is it a good trend among children to be exposed to social networking sites, where filtration of content cannot be guaranteed?There is abundant learning and general awareness content that is available on these sites. There are many-a-forum where constructive debates and discussions on complex issues, can prove to be of a great understanding for students and children. There is no doubt, an import of matter that may not be suitable for children, at least not in their formative years of learning, in such cases, the parents can play a role in monitoring what their children view on such websites.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "11919424", "title": "Driving test for licence gets tougher in Dhanbad", "text": "BOKARO: Getting a driving licence from the District Transport Office will not be as easy as it was earlier. The driving test has become more stringent. Even a few years back, the driving test was a mere formality but applicants now may get butterflies in their stomach when they slip behind the wheel. Perhaps the increasing number of students in driving schools has forced the authorities to rework their test parameters.With around 45 days left for the financial year 2011-12 to conclude, the transport department has issued driving licences to only 481 candidates. But if we check the status of issuance of driving licences by the transport office in 2009-10, there were 8,000 successful studnets. And the years before to it, in 2008-09 and 2007-08, the transport office issued licences to 9,570 and 11,739 students respectively, said sources. Stricter driving examination will help reduce road accidents.\"The applicants will learn the traffic rules the hard way and follow these when they actually start driving,\" felt Vijay Kumar Gupta, district transport officer (DTO), Bokaro. He added that the test is conducted every Tuesday by the motor vehicle inspector and him at the Police Line, Sector-XII. The tough driving test has also brought worries to women. Of the 481 who got the licences, 51 are women.\"The driving test is very difficult. The officers keep watch on each of our driving skills. I was disqualified,\" said one woman applicant. \"I had gone for the driving test but returned finding it not so easy. Apart from testing our driving skills, the officers also ask questions about traffic rules and signs,\" said Nimai Jaiswal, a businessman.Sources said many are skipping the test and seeking licences in neighbouring districts. Gupta said they are also surprised at the decreasing number of driving licences issued from his office. \"The driving test is not that hard. All that the driver has to do is drive on an eight feet wide road without touching the line and following the rules,\" said Gupta. But while issuance of the number of licences has gone down, the number of cars being sold has gone up. Till January, 17,734 vehicles were registered with the district transport office. There are many who have vehicles but not a licence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11924651", "title": "Lawmakers question sharp rise in denial of H1B, L1 visas", "text": "WASHINGTON: Voicing concern over increasing rates of denial of H-1B and L1 work visas, that are popular among Indian professionals, top US lawmakers and corporate bigwigs have questioned the Obama administration over the issue, warning this would hurt American business interests.Officials at a Congressional hearing cited last year's figure of 26 per cent denial to H1B visa applicants, that was the highest in recent years, and also pointed out instances where the visas were denied for flimsy reasons.Elton Gallegly , chair of the Immigration Policy and Enforcement Subcommittee of the House Judiciary Committee , said figures obtained from US Citizenship and Immigration Services show a rise in denial in certain categories of visas between the years of 2008 and 2010.Gallegly said many in the business community are concerned that their petitions for foreign workers are being denied and they are being required to answer excessive requests for additional evidence, known as RFEs.\"But why did denial and free rates go up? And it very well could be because of the statutory changes that were implemented and major decisions that were issued,\" he said.Ranking member, Zoe Lofgren said latest figures show there has been a sizable increase in denial rates for key businesses visas and in some categories, the denial on RFE rates has increased by 300 to 500 per cent during the Obama administration.The Congresswomen said that in many cases the denial was not justified.\"I had a recent case in which the USCIS denied an employment-based petition because the adjudicator determined that the company only had USD 15,000 in annual revenues and, therefore, couldn't possibly pay the worker.\"It turned out, however, that the adjudicator had failed to note that the figures were listed in thousands. It was actually USD 15 million in revenue,\" she said.Lofgren also cited instances when an applicant was denied visa due to a bureaucratic mistake.\"If you take a look at the H-1B denial rates... in the year 2004, the denial rate was 11 per cent on H-1Bs. In the year 2011 it's 17. When you take a look at the request for evidence rates, in 2004 it was 4 per cent. In 2011, it was 26 per cent. I mean, that's a big jump,\" she said.\"In the L-1B request for evidence rates it was two per cent in 2004; 63 per cent in 2011. So you're really ramping up the evidentiary standards in the inquiry. Certainly we don't want fraud, but there is a price to pay as well if it's a legitimate effort and it's delayed unduly,\" the Congresswoman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11924661", "title": "Policy house of Punjab sees few interested in policy issues", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While political parties have made winnability of candidates as the most important criterion, members have also focused their attention on just raising those issues which appeal the people of their constituency, instead of the whole state.A study conducted by the Mahatma Gandhi State Institute for Public Administration of Punjab (MGSIPAP) during the month-long last budget session has brought out the fundamental dilemma of legislatures.Out of 117 legislatures, only 14 of them asked 17 questions related to policies with only three from the Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD)-BJP coalition members and rest from the opposition Congress.The author of the study and head of the Vidhan Sabha Policy Research Cell of MGSIPAP BS Dhillon, who retired as additional secretary of the Punjab Vidhan Sabha after more than three decades of work, said the main work of the assembly, that is policy formulation, has taken a back seat in the minds of the legislators who are forced to cater to the demands of their constituents.Considering the direction the assembly is taking, speaker Nirmal Singh Kahlon had asked the institute couple of years back to organize training for legislators on how to raise policy issues. The training was also meant to drive home the point that the policy formulation is the most important job of a legislator.The director general of the institute BK Srivastava says there is need to hold more sessions on policy formulation exercise so that the honourable members get back their focus.S vocal Congress MLA Sunil Jakhar has already been saying that there is a need to launch a massive campaign amongst the voters to tell them the job of the MLA is not to visit thanas and offices of administrations in the constituency to get issues related to these departments resolved but to work on policies for the state and make the executive accountable to the people by asking probing questions from the executive led by the council of ministers.He says MLAs are forced to be busy attending social functions and handling administrative and police affairs so much that they do not study and focus on policy issues.Raising policy issues requires a lot of grasp and study of broader issues.With each member not being in a position to contribute to the policy issues, even political parties do not require members who can articulate people's point of view on each issue. As a result the people with money, muscle and vote bank get preference over those who have spent most part of their effort being active amongst the people.Elections 2012 NewsPunjab Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "11922951", "title": "Zynga plans to promote developers", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Zynga Inc, the online game site that sold shares to the public in December, plans to unveil a set of services designed to promote other developers and lessen its dependence on Facebook Inc, two people with knowledge of the matter said.Through the publishing program, due to begin in March, other game developers will be able to advertise their wares in Zynga games and on a separate Web portal, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the plan has not been made public. Zynga will keep a portion of the sales generated from the games, the people said.Zynga, the biggest developer of games played on Facebook, is seeking new sources of revenue after raising $1 billion in its initial public offering. By selling services to other developers, it may reduce its reliance on Facebook, which accounts for more than 90 percent of sales and takes a 30 per cent cut of virtual goods sold in Zynga games.Dani Dudeck, a spokeswoman for Zynga, said the company doesn't comment on rumors or speculation.Promoting apps made by other developers is likely to carry fewer risks than Zynga's main business of developing games. The company's profitability has been crimped as it spends more to create new blockbuster titles.The plan for a new publishing platform in March is contingent upon talks with partners as well as internal development, the people said. The release could come later, they said.Electronic Arts footsteps By becoming a publisher, Zynga emulates traditional console game companies such as Electronic Arts Inc, which distribute and promote games made by independent design studios in exchange for a cut of sales.Joining Zynga's network will not exempt developers from giving Facebook a cut of sales, a person with knowledge of the revenue agreement said. Because Facebook Credits are used by all developers selling virtual goods on the social network and games promoted by Zynga, participating developers will still pay Facebook a cut of sales, the person said.Zynga, with more than 246 million users, operates six of the seven most popular games played on Facebook, according to website AppData.\"Hidden Chronicles,\" released last month, has become Zynga's third most popular game, with 30.7 million monthly users, according to research firm AppData. It ranks behind two more established games, \"CityVille\" and \"Texas HoldEm Poker.\"During an event at the company's San Francisco headquarters in October, Zynga debuted a new service, called Project Z, geared towards reducing its dependence on Facebook.Project Z would be part of a larger corporate strategy, dubbed Zynga Direct, that is aimed at building \"a direct relationship with consumers whether they are on the Web or mobile,\" Chief Executive Officer Mark Pincus said at the event.Earlier this week, Zynga's shares had their biggest one-day drop since their December 16 debut after an earnings report showed product-development costs are cutting into profitability.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11919895", "title": "3 arrested for theft attempt at Porvorim", "text": "PANAJI: A Porvorim police team led by PI Sagar Ekoskar arrested three persons for attempting to commit a daylight house-breaking theft at Porvorim on Wednesday afternoon.Herwin Furtado, a teacher, in his complaint to the police said that when he returned home on Wednesday at 2pm, he saw a crowd outside his house. His friend, who was also there, informed him that three persons had attempted to break into the house and they had managed to catch one person.The accused was identified as Sonu Singh, 30, from Delhi. People caught him with a crowbar in his hand. A crowbar is used to break open doors and shutters. Even as the local people caught hold of Singh and beat him up, his two other accomplices managed to escape on a bike.The accused was then handed to the Porvorim police. Police learnt that Singh's friends-Noor Mehmood, 31, from Delhi and Naushad alias Dilshad Tahir, 27, from Uttar Pradesh-had escaped to Belgaum.On Wednesday at 5.30pm, PI Ekoskar along with his team left for Belgaum and they checked about 35 to 40 hotels in Belgaum before they found the two at about 3am. The accused were brought to Goa and are suspected to be involved in other such offences in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11918439", "title": "Delhi: Midnight raid at Jamia Nagar stokes anger among locals", "text": "NEW DELHI: In scenes reminiscent of the frenzy after the Batla House encounter, police fired in the air in Jamia Nagar on Wednesday night to disperse a mob of 500 that had gathered in the belief that cops planned to detain some Iranian youths.Six cops have been suspended and a probe ordered into the incident after the Bangladeshi Cell of south Delhi police reached there around 1.30am to pick up eight \"illegal immigrants\".A mob took an assistant sub-inspector and three constables, one of them a woman, into their custody after word spread that cops had come to pick up \" terrorists\" from Jamia Nagar. The Jamia Nagar police had to fire two shots in the air to rescue their colleagues. Locals, however, claimed cops had come to detain Iranian youths.\"With the recent arrests from Shaheen Bagh by both the Special Cell and the Mumbai ATS in the past two months, the very mention of khaki now invokes fear in the bylanes of this part locality,\" said a professor from Jamia Millia Islamia University who did not wish to named. Sources said the situation got out of control after the four cops from south Delhi attempted to arrest some people who they claimed were staying illegally in India. \"They had not informed the Jamia Nagar police about their visit and came in the dead of night,\" said Additional CP (southeast) Ajay Chaudhry.Word spread that cops had been sent at the behest of the Mumbai ATS and the Delhi Police special cell.Sources told TOI that among the people detained by the police were Rustam Khan (33) from Kishanganj in Bihar , Mehboob (37) and his wife Kafeela Begum (32), Salman Khan (20) hailing from Darbhanga, Bahar Ali (36) from Kolkata, Kulsum Begum and Wasim (20) from Darbhanga, and a 12-year-old child.\"Around four-five people claiming to be from the special staff, reached F 5/18 on Nafees Road in Batla House area around 1.30am and banged at their house. They asked people to come with them for questioning. The men protested and even showed their voter ID cards and passports. But the cops were adamant. Cops from the local police station reached the spot in no time,\" said Hamid Ali, a social workerWitnesses said as people gathered and asked the cops to show their identity cards, the situation took a turn for the worse. After a heated exchange, the Jamia Nagar SHO - who had gone to rescue his south district colleagues - fired two rounds in the air.Police sources said all detained persons were let off after it was ascertained that they were Indian nationals and had no links with the attack on the Israeli diplomat on Monday. DCP (south) Chhaya Sharma confirmed that she had suspended six personnel but refused to elaborate.Sources claimed the team had earlier gone to Kotla Mubarakpur from where they had came to Jamia Nagar on \"specific inputs\".\"The timing of the raid was terrible. The local police should have been taken into confidence,'' said a source. Meanwhile, 15 Bangaldeshi nationals residing illegally in the capital were arrested and handed over to authorities concerned for deportation, police said on Thursday. The Bangladeshis, residing illegally in the area of the city's Northeast district, were arrested by the Bangladeshi Cell. \"They did not have valid documents to stay in India. They were handed over to FRRO for deportation,\" a senior police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11921001", "title": "US: Iran\u2019s nuclear claims just a hype", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US has said it was not impressed by the latest Iranian claim of progress on its nuclear programme, saying the \"hyped\" move was calibrated mostly for the domestic audience.\"One thing is absolutely clear, Iran is clearly feeling the pressure of its international and diplomatic isolation of the increasing economic pressure on it,\" state department spokesperson Victoria Nuland said.Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Wednesday unveiled on state television what was described as Iran's first domestically-produced, 20% enriched nuclear fuel for Tehran's research reactor.\"We frankly don't see a lot of new here. It seems to have been hyped. The Iranians been putting out calendars of accomplishments, and based on their own calendars, they are many, many months behind,\" Nuland said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11919804", "title": "EC changes polling centre of Govind Nagar", "text": "KANPUR: The Election Commission has changed the polling centre of Govind Nagar Assembly constituency on Thursday.According to the district election office, MR Public School in Barra was the polling centre for 240, 240A, 241, 241A and 242. Since the school was turned into a residential house, the owner had objected and lodged a protest.The Election Commission considered the fact and changed the polling Centre. The new polling centre is at Sri Ram Ashram Vidyapeeth in Barra-5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11919914", "title": "4 BJP candidates involved in illegal mining: Shantaram", "text": "PANAJI: Admitting that there were illegal mining activities in the state, member of parliament and Congress spokesperson Shantaram Naik alleged that the Bharatiya Janata party (BJP) has four candidates contesting the assembly polls who are involved in illegal mining. He, however, refused to name them or produce evidence.Speaking to media persons, Naik said, \"Four BJP candidates are involved in illegal mining and I will name them in the next press conference.\"When asked whether he will name them with proof, Naik said, \"with proof, I won't.\"Naik also said that during the last couple of days, BJP leaders have started saying that they are supporting mining, whereas a few months ago they were criticizing the Congress for illegal mining. \"We demand that BJP make its stand clear on mining,\" he added.He also said that this time, the Congress will give special attention to minorities. \"We will establish the state unit of National Minorities Development and Finance Corporation if the Congress comes to power,\" he said.Reacting to surrogate advertisements in sections of the media, Naik said that the Goa pradesh Congress committee has filed a complaint with the office of the chief electoral officer, and that the chief election commission is looking into this matter very seriously.\"The BJP consists of leaders who are cowardly, and only cowards can do this. If they want to say something, let them come out in the open. If you want to play hide and seek, then go to a children's park and if you want to attack us hiding in the bushes, then join the naxalite movement,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11919802", "title": "Chennai resident held for cheating", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Police have arrested a Chennai resident S Elumalai for allegedly cheating a Chandigarh-based company, Recorders &amp; Medicine System of Rs 59 lakh on Thursday. The accused was booked along with four others four months ago in this case on the complaint of the MD of the company, Suman Jolly. Elumalai was produced in the district courts, Sector 17, on Thursday, and was sent to one day in police remand.The other four accused, Pritpal Singh, Dinesh Kapoor, Sukhwinder Singh and Kiran Anand, have already been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11919158", "title": "'Patna Haat' to come up in city", "text": "PATNA: A 'Patna Haat' on the pattern of 'Delhi Haat' is likely to come up in the city soon.Inaugurating the 17th Mahila Udyog Mela at the DAV-BSEB Colony ground on Thursday, state industries minister Renu Kumari Kushwaha said the state government was in the process of identifying a site for the 'Patna Haat'.The fair, organized by the Bihar Mahila Udyog Sangh, will conclude on Monday. More than 200 stalls have been put up at which creations of women entrepreneurs from Pune, Faizabad, Varanasi, Kolkata, Jaipur, Bangalore and Patna besides Lahore and Karachi are on display. \"In a first, the Patna fair has gone international with one of the stalls selling saris and suit pieces with Pakistani embroidery on them,\" said Sangh president Pushpa Chopra.Bangalore-based designer Pallav Chandra said his cotton and silk saris and dress materials of natural fabrics were available in the price range of Rs 850 to Rs 5,000. Abdul Mazeed from J&K; has brought pashmina shawls and stoles. Also on sale are saris with hand and block painting on themes like 'Chhath' and 'Holi' festivals, designed by Sunita Prakash and her team.Mahila Kalyan Sangathan has put up nine stalls. \"We have brought products of weavers from Varanasi, Bhagalpur and Kolkata,\" said Sangathan president Anukampa Rai. There are also stalls selling furniture, carpets, home decor items and kitchen appliances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11919504", "title": "NCP candidate's office ransacked", "text": "NASHIK: The office and residence of NCP candidate Sanjay Tile from ward no. 12 in the Panchavati division were ransacked allegedly by a mob of Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) workers allegedly led by MNS candidate Rahul Dhikale, who is the son of MNS MLA Uttamrao Dhikale.The incident took place at 9.45am on Thursday at Sukenkar Lane (ward no.12), near Panchavati Karanja when NCP activists were sitting in their office preparing voters' slips.The mob barged into the office allegedly using foul language and accusing them of distributing money in exchange for votes. They allegedly manhandled Yuvraj Tile (brother of Sanjay Tile), toppled furniture and damaged laptops. The mob also forced entry into Sanjay's residence, broke a window pane and toppled furniture.Soon after the incident, DCP Sahebrao Patil and ACP Ganesh Shinde rushed to the spot to assess the situation. Police security was tightened at Sanjay's residence and office after the incident. Speaking to reporters, Patil said, \"We are investigating the matter and legal action will be taken against those involved.Sanjay's brother Raghunath Tile, said, \"We were busy preparing voters' slips at our office at Sukhenkar lane. MNS candidate Rahul Dhikale and 150 of his supporters barged into our office using foul language and accusing us of distributing money in exchange for votes. The mob also manhandled my brother Yuvraj, apart from destroying furniture etc. They also entered our residence and wreaked havoc there as well.\"Meanwhile, Rahul Dhikale said that the charges leveled against him and MNS workers were baseless. \"Instead, they attacked me and my supporters; I am going to file a cross-complaint.\"Sujata Dere, city chief of the volunteers of the MNS, said, \"We will never stoop to such levels. None of our volunteers are involved in the attack. It has become a norm to blame opposition leaders in case of untoward incidents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11924041", "title": "Prasaad's Berlin diaries", "text": "If you thought Shah Rukh Khan and his Don 2 team are the only ones who have made it to the Berlin Film Festival from India, then you're wrong.Another film, a south Indian one, which stars Action King Arjun in the lead, called Prasaad too has made it to this much hyped film festival. In fact, this film is being premiered in Berlin in the European Film Market.The film stars starlet Madhuri Bhattacharya and child actor Sankalp Jha and deals with the trauma faced by the parents of a differently-abled child. \"We are very excited that the film is going to Berlin and the entire cast and crew is flying out to this premiere. It is a very big moment for us,\" says Madhuri, ahead of leaving for the premiere at the film festival. Prasaad, coincidentally, was made in Kannada but is going to be dubbed and released in Tamil and Telugu shortly after the team returns from their world premiere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "11920719", "title": "Dalit attacked for drinking from upper caste\u2019s pot", "text": "HISAR: In a macabre act of caste violence, a Dalit youth in Saniyana village was attacked with a sharp-edged weapon and had his arm nearly chopped off for drinking water from an earthen pot belonging to an upper caste family.While doctors have stitched up his arm, the police arrested one Rajender of Daulatpur village and booked him under SC/ST Act.Police sources said that Pappu first inquired about the caste of the victim, Rajesh Kumar, before attacking him.The attack comes within two years of a violent caste clash in Mirchpur in Hisar district in which two Dalits - a physically challenged girl and her septuagenarian father -were burnt to death and 18 Dalit homes were set on fire by a mob belonging to the Jat community.Rajesh Kumar, 31, was on his way to neighbouring Daulatpur village on a tractor-trolley along with 14 others, when he felt thirsty and stopped to look for water.\"Rajesh drank water from an earthen pot lying in a field. On seeing this, a farmer, Rajender alias Pappu, abused him while passing caste-related remarks against him for touching the earthen pot. Not stopping at that, Pappu then attacked him with a sharp edged weapon, almost severing his hand and inflicting serious injuries on him,\" said Harish Bhardwaj, the district police spokesperson, adding that the weapon has been recovered.Harbouring apprehensions of tension and violence in the village after the attack, the victim, Rajesh, told TOI, \"Strict action should be taken against the accused but I want peace in my village.\"He also expressed shock over the practice of untouchability even in this modern age. Rajesh is the sole bread earner in the family as his younger brother is suffering from a serious mental disorder while he lost his parents a few years back. Adeputy superintendent of police rank official has been entrusted to probe the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11920296", "title": "One killed, three injured in collision", "text": "CHENNAI: One person was killed and three others were injured when a van collided with a car near the Muthukadu boathouse on Wednesday.Police said the driver of the car, Arif, died on the way to the Royapettah hospital. The injured are Charles, 36, Murali, 26, and Sekar, 35, all residents of Madipakkam. All the injured have been admitted to the Chettinad Hospital in Kelambakkam are critical.The van was on its way from Mahabalipuram to Chennai while the car was headed to Mahabalipuram. The accident occurred as the car tried to overtake a mini bus and rammed into the van. The Adyar traffic police have registered a case and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11920257", "title": "Police search for lawyer who plotted boy's abduction", "text": "CHENNAI: Police are searching for Babu, a lawyer from Kumbakonam, who had kidnapped a 12-year-old boy near Padi on Wednesday. The boy's uncle owed Babu 2.5 lakh.Babu and his brother Kumaravel abducted Logeshwaran from near his house and took him to Kumbakonam, where he was kept in a farmhouse. The duo then returned to Chennai. When the boy's uncle agreed to pay back the amount, Babu asked two of his employees to bring the boy back to the city.The Class 7 student was being brought back by V Peter, 23, and A Balasubramanian, 26, of Thirumangalakudi in Thanjavur, when police officers stopped the bus. They rescued the boy and arrested Babu's employees.Another police team subsequently nabbed Kumaravel alias A Andhumani, 32. Additional police commissioner (law and order) P Thamaraikannan told reporters on Thursday that Babu and his associates were not prior offenders and that the abduction was a crime of opportunity.\"The boy's uncle, Niranjan Kumar, owed Babu money,\" he said. \"Babu was frustrated because Kumar had not settled the debt. The abduction was motivated by personal enmity.\"\"On the instructions of the kidnappers, Kumar was asked to wait near CMBT in Koyambedu with 2.5 lakh,\" an investigating officer said. \"They promised to hand over Logeshwaran once they received the money.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11921191", "title": "Transferred PSIs in relieving dilemma", "text": "PANAJI: A week after police headquarters issued orders transferring 84 police sub-inspectors to ensure free and fair elections in the state, there is confusion about relieving them. While most of the PSIs who were earlier posted in South Goa were relieved, North Goa is yet to relieve its officers. This has left most of the police stations in South Goa without a PSI, while the police stations in North Goa are flooded with PSIs.After the February 7-transfer order, the South Goa SP relieved the PSIs and wrote to the collector giving a list of new PSIs and assistant sub-inspectors who would replace them in the flying squads.\"Most of the PSIs who were posted in South Goa have been relieved and have reported to their new places of posting. But some who are with the flying squads have not been relieved yet by the deputy collector,\" said an official. In North Goa, most of the PSIs have not been relieved. Sources said senior police officers feel only the collector has powers to relieve the PSI as they were taken by the Election Commission of India for election duty to work in the flying squads.\"We have now sent a list of ASIs who may be deputed to the flying squads in place of PSIs so that they can be relieved and report to their new postings,\" said an official.The issue of PSIs not being relieved from their present posting was raised by IGP Sanjay Singh during the weekly meeting on Tuesday.He brought to the notice of DGP Kishan Kumar that despite the transfer order most PSIs were still serving at either their home district or at the same police station for over five years. The transfer order had been issued after the Police Establishment Board decided to strictly follow election commission guidelines and ensure that policemen posted in their home districts were transferred. The transfer order was issued after seeking and getting the EC's approval for transfers of police officers from the rank of DySP to constables.Later, Kumar issued instructions asking the two district superintendents of police to immediately relieve the PSIs as the SPs had attached them to the flying squads. \"It was also advised that this should be done on priority by ensuring that election work is not hampered in any manner,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11918344", "title": "Delhi Gate BRT may be elevated", "text": "NEW DELHI: The transport department is on a review overdrive. After the chief minister called for a reassessment of the upcoming BRT corridors, the department has drawn up a list of design specifications for the project. These include integration with the Metro, extensive use of foot overbridges and reclaiming additional space for the bus rapid transit (BRT) corridors from the areas around the road, and not the street itself.\"A broad framework has been suggested for the BRT corridors that will be followed while drawing up the detailed project reports (DPRs). They are a kind of blueprint for upcoming corridors,\" a senior government official said.Heading the list is the decision of not to use the existing road space for the BRT, and instead, carving additional space along the alignment. \"For instance, additional space can be made by covering a nearby drain or extending the bank along the riverside, especially for the proposed BRT along the Yamuna,\" added the official.Sources said that with most roads having only double lanes for traffic, carving the BRT in the existing street space has been shown to be redundant in the Ambedkar Nagar-Delhi Gate BRT. \"Now, the additional space will be carved out from the area alongside the road or go overhead in the form of an elevated BRT,\" said the official.Integration with Delhi Metro will be emphasized in the DPRs, enabling better movement of traffic along the stretches. Pedestrian facilities are another area where emphasis will be placed. FOBs near bus queue shelters will be a must-have in the new plans. \"The movement of commuters on buses is an important aspect of BRT. As the lanes are going to have high-speed vehicles moving along, pedestrians will need a safe passage. That can be made available with FOB,\" added the official. According to officials, the framework was culled from lessons learnt from the previous BRT at Ambedkar Nagar.The Delhi government is planning to build 14 BRTs in the city over the next few years. The projects have been handed over to PWD and DIMTS for implementation. While the preliminary project report for seven of the alignments has already been prepared by DIMTS, PWD has started coming out with tenders for consultants for the project. However, the CM's recent review of the BRT projects has put a temporary stop to the project, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11920672", "title": "Workshop on disaster management at DAVV", "text": "INDORE: The Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) is organising a workshop on disaster management on Friday with an aim to spread awareness among the people on how to deal with disasters.Members of Gujarat-based National Disaster Response Force ( NDRF) will brief the varsity officials about steps to be taken to minimise the risks in case of any disaster such as flood, earthquake, fire and others. \"The workshop through demonstrations will help people enhance their knowledge to deal with the disasters. A circular has been issued asking all the head of departments, employees and students to attend the workshop,\" said RD Musalgaonkar, registrar, DAVV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11919831", "title": "Trai opposed spectrum auction: DoT official tells court", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Department of Telecom (DoT) official on Thursday told the special CBI court hearing the 2G spectrum scam case that a report of the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) in 2010 had said it was \"not feasible\" to auction spectrum.Deposing as a prosecution witness, Viresh Goel, DoT's deputy advisor (MN), told special CBI judge O P Saini that Trai's report had said spectrum should be given to new operators at a \"reasonably low price\".\"In paragraph 3.116 (of the Trai report), it is mentioned that spectrum to the new operators should be given at a reasonably low price. It is further stated that this was the reason that the figure of Rs 1,659 crore (entry fee) was maintained for so many years. It is correct that in paragraph 3.46 (of the Trai report) it is mentioned that in the view of the authority, it was not feasible to auction the spectrum in 800, 900 and 1800 MHz band,\" Goel said.Goel, who was on deputation in Trai from January 2010 to June 2011, said he had provided the data to CBI regarding adjusted gross revenue (AGR) per MHz on behalf of Trai but he was not aware about gross revenue.Besides Goel, the court also recorded the statement of prosecution witness Vinod Kumar Budhiraja, chief regulatory officer of Etisalat DB Telecom (P) Ltd. He said Associated Hotels (P) Ltd, allegedly a sister concern of DB Realty, had taken a property belonging to accused R K Chandolia, ex-private secretary of former telecom minister A Raja, on rent for its guest house in Safdarjung Development Area.Budhiraja said the property was taken on rent with the help of Chandolia's broker. The witness said he did not know if there was any influence in decision-making of Associated Hotels (P) Ltd from directors of DB Realty or anyone else on behalf of the company.\"It is correct that neither Shahid Balwa (promoter of Swan Telecom) nor Vinod Goenka (MD of DB Realty) ever contacted me to find out accommodation for themselves for the purpose of a guest house. It is correct that brokers keep the name of the owner secret from the prospective tenants till the finalization of the deal,\" he said. Budhiraja said till the time of signing the lease deed for the rented premises, he did not know that it belonged to Chandolia.\"There was no pre-plan to take the premises of Chandolia. It was just a coincidence,\" he said, adding, \"I did not find anything unusual or illegal in taking the premises of Chandolia on lease. It was done in ordinary course of business. This premises was taken on rent on March 9, 2009. This is more than a year after issuance of UAS licence to Swan Telecom Pvt Ltd. The deal was finalized as the rent of Rs 63,000 per month was lower than other accommodation seen by us.\"Budhiraja, whose cross-examination will continue on Friday, said this transaction was not made to show any favour to Chandolia who was then private secretary to Raja. \"No one from DB Realty or Swan Telecom Pvt Ltd knew about this transaction between Chandolia and Associated Hotels (P) Ltd. Shahid Balwa and Vinod Goenka never discussed this matter with me,\" he said.He said that during the recording of statement by CBI's investigating officer, he had said this was a bonafide transaction but the officer did not record this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11921058", "title": "11 ministers less means Rs 18L saved per month", "text": "BANGALORE: Infighting may have kept the BJP from filling up the ministerial vacancies, but the exchequer is benefitting.Political observers say 11 ministerial vacancies and 20 portfolios for the chief minister mean slow delivery of services. The vacancies have piled up with the resignation of three ministers over Porngate and the death of higher education minister V S Acharya.DV Sadananda Gowda has admitted handling 20 portfolios is a burden but said he would shed the load shortly. Given the divisions, that's easier said than done.The positive side of the ministerial vacancies is the government is saving a lot. Taking just the allowances into account, the monthly outgo on a minister is Rs 1.67 lakh. With 11 vacancies, the burden on the taxpayer is reduced by Rs 18.4 lakh a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11919536", "title": "Bogus voter nabbed at ward no. 59", "text": "NASHIK: In ward number 59, an engineering student tried to enter the polling booth using someone else's election card as proof of identity but was nabbed at the entrance.Sameer Tajnekar (21) produced the voter's id of one Kiran Devram Birade but was caught at the entrance of the polling centre by the security. He said that MNS candidate Ramesh Dhongade's nephew had given him the card and asked him to cast his vote on the id. Tajnekar, who is studying at SVMEC College, Chincholi, lives near Anuradha Talkies and is originally a resident of Thane district.The officials in charge of the polling booth said that they were not aware of anything since the boy did not even enter the hall where voting was taking place. Sub-inspector of police Pandurang Mawal said that a police team is looking into the matter and would take the appropriate action.When Dhongade was contacted, he said that these allegations were being leveled by his opponents to defame him and that neither he nor his relatives had distributed any bogus cards to anyone. \"How is this possible? Everything is going on peacefully. The opposition is just trying to mislead voters by making such allegations. Such things are quite common during elections. Anyone can say anything against me, but that does not mean that that is the truth. The opposition tends to blame me for any untoward incident,\" he said. Police officials are examining the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11921279", "title": "Ballot box: Mumbai\u2019s many moods", "text": "Poll holiday, excuse for mini-vacationImmediately after casting their votes at a Lalbaug polling station on Thursday morning, government employee Suparna Raje and her family headed straight to Ganpati Phule. For, they had tagged the election leave with the weekend to go on a mini-vacation.Suparna's friend Vipin Desai, a bank employee, though, did not even wait to vote. He reached his favourite Bordi beach ahead of Dahanu on Thursday morning itself with his friends and family. \"These days, Mumbaikars don't miss a single chance to extend the weekend. The trend is visible as several resorts had been booked in a big way. The resorts have now prepared waiting lists,\" said Dilip Shinde, joint managing director, MTDC. \"The trend is surely there. People leave the city in a big way for an outing. This time, a lot of people left on Thursday itself. This has become routine. People don't give up any opportunity to have fun and enjoy themselves,\" said one of the officials at the toll posts of Mumbai.Meanwhile, a senior political worker from Vile Parle warned that this growing trend was dangerous, considering the declining polling percentage.\"People are losing interest due to the political fracas. We get fewer workers to campaign, and the polling date close to the weekend only worsened the situation,\" he added on the condition of anonymity.Not yet 18, but can nab bogus votersThey sit in a corner in polling booths checking electoral rolls. Political parties rely on them to prevent bogus voting. Meet the young political party polling booth agents. Several booths across the city had collegegoing students as political party agents. While a few were picked up from colleges, others came forward to gain political experience.They ticked off serial numbers of all those who have already cast their vote. Polling agents outside the booth also played the role of guiding voters to their respective booths.Pravin Jha, a Class XII student of VPM college, said, \"I am not 18 years old and have no rights to exercise my franchise. But being a polling agent gives me a free entry to the booth and witness the process of casting a vote.\"Another youngster, Prasad Satam, posted at a Vikhroli booth, hoped the experience would help him gain a foothold in politics. For other youngsters, it is political parties such as MNS, Congress and BJP which zero in on them, depending on their popularity in a locality or skills like communication or use of technology.Second-year student of BMM at Somaiya college Sannil Gemavat, who was sitting near a road junction at Mulund West with his laptop, said, \"I am assisting voters in checking their names on records.\"Undertrials can contest, but can't voteMore than 3,000 undertrials in various jails in and around the city could not cast their vote since they do not have the right, said jail authorities. They, though, said that an undertrial can contest elections.Erstwhile gangster Arun Gawli, also a former MLA, could not cast his vote in favour of his daughter, Geeta Gawli. Another politician in jail is Mohammed Ali Shaikh, who contested the previous Parliament election on a Bahujan Samaj Party ticket but lost. Both he and Gawli are facing murder charges under the stringent Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act.\"While there is no provision for undertrials using their right to franchise, we did not even receive a single application asking to vote,\" said a jail official.Gaothans go all out to assert their rightsCompton Taxeira, a Marathi folk singer from Kalina village near Santacruz, normally stays at home during civic elections but on Thursday he was busy asking people to cast their vote.Taxeira belongs to the city's oldest communitythe East Indians-who live mainly in the hundreds of traditional village settlements from Colaba to Virar called 'gaothans'.Spurred on by citizens' groups such as Agni, Nagrisatta, Loksatta and Church committees, the community has become more active in the civic election process in order to assert their rights in a fast changing world.Taxeira points out that in Kalina itself, for two seats, there are four East Indians among others in the fray. \"This shows that our community is slowly coming to realize the importance of having a say in the running of their native city,\" he said.Karen D'Mello , an East Indian standing from a reserved ward in Bandra on a Congress ticket, concurs that the community is at last getting more assertive on the civic front.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11919778", "title": "Moneylender's ear bitten off", "text": "KOLKATA: A moneylender's left ear was critically injured after being bitten off by the man who had borrowed money from him a few days back at Uttar Taldi near Canning in South 24-Parganas on Thursday afternoon.Police are looking for Pasupati Naskar, the accused who bit moneylender Badal Mondal, left ear off and fled the spot.Mondal was taken to Canning Hospital and later discharged after treatment.According to complaint lodged by Mondal, around 12 days ago, Naskar, a farmer by profession, had borrowed Rs 3000 from Mondal. He promised to repay the loan within three days. But whenever Mondal went to Naskar's residence to ask for the money, the latter hid himself and did not meet him to get back his money.On Thursday afternoon, Mondal suddenly found Naskar standing near Taldi Bazar and rushed to him. When he asked for money an altercation broke out between the two. Mondal then caught hold of his hand saying he would not let Naskar go till he got the money. Naskar suddenly pounced on him and bit his left ear off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11919209", "title": "Rain no damper for XISS fest", "text": "RANCHI: Panache 2012 finally kicked off with an enthusiastic run for the marathon at 6 am on Thursday. Students of Xavier's Institute of Social Service (XISS), who worked day in and day out for the preparations were happy as more than 150 students of XISS and other colleges turned up to participate in the marathon.Vikas, a member of team Panache, said, \"The route for the boys was from XISS to Sujata roundabout and back and for the girls it was from XISS to Ratan Talkies and back. XISS director, Fr Alex Ekka, completed the whole marathon and was a source of inspiration.\"However, the heavy shower in the morning disturbed the schedule. Prazy, a member of the decorating committee, said, \"I did not sleep a wink in the last two nights and have not even gone home as I was busy preparing the sceneries and decorations to be put up on the main stage, but now we will have to put them elsewhere as they will get spoilt in the rain.\"Vikas said, \"The antakshari programme also had to be shifted from the main stage to a classroom. The dance programme also had to be rescheduled as the stage was not prepared on time.\"But the rain could not dampen the mood. Amit, a student of XISS, said, \"We have been eagerly waiting for the fest to begin. Now even if a hailstorm comes we will not stop the celebrations.\"The first day saw programmes like dance and music competitions, a debate, rangoli making, T-shirt painting, antakshari and fashion show. A medley of western, classical and Bollywood-style dances kept the audience glued to their seats in the programme called Rupture.A guest band '6th Veda' from Kolkata performed various Hindi and English songs from 8 to 11 pm. The food stall, Mitraan's was another attraction as it provided good food at a cheap price. Gaurav, from the food committee, said, \"We have done everything ourselves, only the cook has been brought from outside. We are even taking care of the cleanliness and hygiene.\"Manisha, a student of Central University, said, \"The arrangements are amazing. I enjoyed every programme and will come again tomorrow.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11921470", "title": "First-timers hope for a better tomorrow", "text": "NAGPUR: Barring a few hiccups, first-time voters sounded enthusiastic after exercising their franchise. Calling it their duty and responsibility, they voted in the hope for change and a better tomorrow.\"The holiday given to us was for voting and not for enjoyment. As a member of a democratic society it is our duty to vote. After taking part in the democratic process, I now feel like a responsible citizen,\" said Abhishek Hundekari, a student, who made his debut.\"After checking out three polling centres, I finally got to vote. We, the new generation, constantly demand our rights, but while making these demands we should also be conscious about our duties. Voting is the basic duty of every citizen,\" said Atish Shelke, a student. Similarly, second year student Avanika Gupta could not joined the list of debutants. \"I filled up the form and everything was correct, but there was some problem in list. I called the helpline some eight times but to no avail,\" she said.Rushikesh Kadhao, another first timer, said that though he had seen candidates distributing liquor, he was unfazed by the sorry state of affairs and decided to go ahead and vote. \"Everyone knows that these things happen. But giving up hope and not voting is even worse. Unless we strive to do something the situation will never change,\" he said. \"Since it was my first time, I was excited about the entire democratic process. I was eager to see that black mark on my finger and show it to everyone,\" said Mrunall Borsse, a medical student.On the basis of work done in their wards, these youngsters opted to vote for the candidate and not the party. \"My whole family might be supporting a particular party, but it is not important to me. What matters to me is the work and the background of the candidate,\" said Abhishek.\"It's great to know that our will also matters. This process makes us realize that by performing our duty we are contributing to the growth of the whole society,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11926506", "title": "Kartar Cheema's tribute to Parmeet Sethi's role from DDLJ", "text": "Kartar Cheema, from Punjabi film industry is all set to enter tinsel town with Tere Naal Love Hogaya.The actor is playing a typical Punjab Da Munda and claims that it's a tribute to Parmeet Sethi's character in the super-hit blockbuster Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge (DDLJ).Kartar is excited about his role in the Ritesh-Genelia starrer and had lapped it up eagerly when it was offered to him. The actor, known for his contribution to Punjabi movies says, \"When I was offered this role, I grabbed it. They wanted someone who was tall and could represented the typical North Indian guy. A part of movie is shot there. My character Sunny is so much like Parmeet Sethi in DDLJ.\"Talking about his co-stars Ritesh and Genelia, Kartar says, \"They are very nice people and even for a minute I didn't feel that I am working with Bollywood celeb stars.\"On being asked about the difference between Bollywood and Punjabi films, Kartar says, \"There is lot of difference. In regional cinema we get the benefit of doubt, however, when it comes to the Hindi film industry there is no scope to commit mistakes.\"The actor also claims that there are many offers which are in the pipeline and will reveal the details soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "jerusalem", "code": "11922069", "title": "Hezbollah denies anti-Israel attacks in India, Georgia", "text": "JERUSALEM: Hezbollah chief Hassan Nasrallah has made it clear that his Lebanese group had \"nothing to do\" with the attacks on Israeli diplomats in India and Georgia.\"I assure you that Hezbollah has nothing to do with this,\" Nasrallah told a rally in a televised address in Beirut's southern suburbs to commemorate the fourth anniversary of the assassination of his top military commander Imad Mughniyeh .Nasrallah, however, vowed to avenge the death of Mughniyeh, killed in a mysterious car bomb attack in 2008 in Syria , which his group blames on Israel.\"Our revenge will not be against Israeli soldiers or diplomats; it is actually offensive for Hezbollah to avenge a great leader by killing regular Israelis,\" Nasrallah said.\"But those who are the real targets know themselves and they are taking measures and I say to them: Stay this way because as long as blood runs through the veins of Hezbollah members there will come a day when we will avenge Imad Mughniyeh's killing in an honourable manner.\"Israel has accused Iran and Hezbollah of being behind twin bomb attacks that targeted Israeli embassy staff in India and Georgia on Monday, wounding four people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11919203", "title": "Union minister Beni Prasad Verma does a Khurshid, dares EC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Just two days after law minister Salman Khurshid regretted his 'Muslim quota' remark, another Union minister Beni Prasad Verma belonging to UP dared the Election Commission to act against him for saying that reservation for Muslims would be increased if Congress came to power.\"Reservation for Muslims will be increased and if EC wants, it can now issue notice to me,\" steel minister Verma said while addressing a rally in Khurshid's Lok Sabha constituency of Farrukhabad. Khurshid and Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh, who had criticized EC's censure of the law minister, were present when Verma chose to defy the poll watchdog. In fact, Khurshid's wife Louise is among the Congress candidates in the Farrukhabad fray.The remark immediately attracted the charge of \"serial offence\" against Congress, with rival BJP and ally Trinamool Congress accusing it of violating the model code of conduct, and drawing EC's scrutiny into the affair. The poll body had censured Khurshid for a similar comment and even sought presidential intervention against him, forcing him to buy peace by writing a regret letter.The fresh provocation threatened to revive Congress's tryst with the poll body, which is bristling at the belligerence of the ruling party over minority reservation in the Uttar Pradesh poll turf. An EC official said Verma's remarks prima facie appeared the same as those which earned Khurshid the commission's ire, but said that a determination will have to wait for an examination of audio and video tapes. EC has asked a private channel for a copy of the tapes of the steel minister's speech.A wary Congress dissociated itself from Verma's comment. I&B; minister Ambika Soni and AICC spokesperson Renuka Chowdhary said Congress expected its leaders to respect constitutional bodies, repeating the stance the party took during the Khurshid row.However, Verma persisted with his defiance. \"I said in Farrukhabad that Muslims have not got their due and central government has made a reservation of 4.5% for them and that it needs to be increased. If the Election Commission sends me a notice, I will reply to it,\" a TV channel quoted him as saying.Congress is caught in a tough balancing act. While it feels that talking about the party's manifesto promise was legitimate poll campaign, it does not want to be seen as condoning its leaders' \"contemptuous behaviour\" towards the constitutional body. That Congress has repeatedly criticized BJP for attacking EC is also a factor in its reaction.The possibility of another tiff with the watchdog may not be a comforting thought for the prime minister, who could again face a petition seeking action against his Cabinet colleague.The saffron camp jumped in to attack Verma, calling it part of Congress's continued bid to communalise state polls. Putting pressure on the poll body for strong action against the minister, BJP leader Vijay Goel said Verma had dared to challenge the EC because it had disposed of Khurshid's case \"lightly\".While the opposition's aggressive line was expected, Congress was taken aback by ally Trinamool Congress's sharp criticism, dubbing the aggressive quota talk as an attempt to \"befool Muslims\". Union minister of state for tourism Sultan Ahmed demanded that Verma be barred from campaigning in UP. He told reporters, \"First Khurshid's 9% quota, now it is Verma. They think Muslims will bite this bait. This is not going to happen.\"EC's proactive implementation of the campaign code has lent weight to the charge that aggressive mention of Muslim quota constituted seeking votes in the name of religion though it was considered par for the course till now. Congress built its UP campaign around reservation for Muslims, with leaders repeatedly asking SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav why he did not give it during his three stints as chief minister. A defensive SP was forced to promise 18% reservation to outdo the 9% promise of Congress.BJP has latched on to the quota promise to polarize Hindu OBCs. It has projected the Muslim sub-quota as cutting into the 27% reservation field of backward castes.Times View It is time the Congress reined in its leaders on this issue. Union law minister Salman Khurshid's apparent retraction after initially defying the Election Commission becomes meaningless if other leaders of the party take up the baton. The Congress must remember that it remains India's premier national party and the one with the longest experience of running governments at the Centre and in the states. Given that pedigree, it ought to set higher standards than most in respecting and honouring the institutions that make Indian democracy what it is.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11920216", "title": "Theatres to shut down on Feb 23", "text": "HYDERABAD: Film theatres in the state will observe a one-day strike on February 23 as part of the nationwide call given by the Film Federation of India (FFI) on the issue of service tax.A meeting of the federation is scheduled for February 21 again to take stock of the situation and plan a strategy to bring pressure on the Centre to withdraw its proposal to levy service tax. In the next few days, posters explaining why the film industry is resorting to a strike will also come up at all theatres in the city and districts.\"The service tax will directly affect the public in addition to the ticket rate. They will have to pay service tax on each ticket. The extra amount payable by the audience will be decided according to the service tax calculated,\" said M Vijayendar Reddy, president, Telangana Film Chamber of Commerce.The contention of the film industry is that though the movie-going public is burdened with the additional taxation, indirectly it will also affect the film industry if people choose to think twice about going to a theatre to watch a film.On February 23, the protest will be marked by not only shutting down the theatres; all activity pertaining to the film industry will come to a standstill. There will be no film shooting on the day.The president of Telugu Film Producers Council (TFPC) B Sivaramakrishna said the South Indian Film Chamber of Commerce, of which even the Telugu film industry is a part, had already announced its participation in the strike.Sivaramakrishna said representatives of the Telugu film industry would attend the FFI's meeting on February 21 to chalk out the future course of action.The executive committee of the A P Film Chamber of Commerce last week had unanimously taken a decision to take part in the countrywide strike.Though the strike will affect the screening of movies which are having a good run at the box-office and the films that are yet to be released, the film industry's various bodies are keen on participating in the strike.The film industry approached the High Court to resolve the issue of VAT when the government acted indifferent. The commercial taxes department has been insisting on collecting VAT from every level right from the producer to the distributor level every time a transaction takes place. Though the film industry told the state government that it was burdensome, there was no positive response to solve the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11919936", "title": "Cops ask GMC dean for inquiry report", "text": "PANAJI: Acting on a complaint by the father of the 27-week-old baby who developed gangrene in his right hand due to 'inattention' on the part of the doctor and nurses in the neo-natal unit of the Goa Medical College and Hospital (GMC), the Agasaim police has written to the GMC dean asking for the inquiry committee report.\"Based on what is said in the inquiry committee report, we will decide on the future course of action\", said DySP Gajanand Prabhudsessai. Ajit Gaonkar in his complaint to the police said that his wife delivered twins on December 8 and they were immediately admitted in the neo-natal unit. However, within six days one of the baby died and GMC authorities failed to tell him the cause of death. Later, on January 7, he was informed by his wife that his second son's right hand had turned black. Thereafter, he complained to GMC dean Dr V N Jindal, who constituted an inquiry committee to look into the matter, the complainant said. The father wants the police to register a criminal complaint against the doctor and nurses of the neo-natal ward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11918499", "title": "Cops record statements of Arya orphanage inmates", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police on Thursday began taking statements of the inmates of Arya orphanage after reviewing the Child Welfare Committee order.Police sources said they are recording statements about the role of the orphanage staff, who used to allegedly harass the minors.The Delhi government had asked the police to arrest those allegedly responsible for the ill-treatment of minors at the orphanage.A senior police officer said, \"We will probably arrest three persons on the basis of complaints made by the victims.\"\"They will be apprehended by Friday. Our team, including Crime Against Women (CAW) officers, is talking to the victims,\" he said.The officer said there were complaints of similar abuse of inmates at the hands of male staff members, who used to allegedly thrash the minors.The sources said some kids had also told them of a few electricians, who had molested them.Another senior officer said that besides the girl, who faced sexual abuse, the orphanage authorities had also allegedly ill-treated the mother of a 9-year-old boy when she came to know, six months ago, her son had been sodomized.\"When her son told her of the incident, she went to the orphanage and slapped the accused, who has been arrested for the rape of a girl, twice.\"Later, the orphanage staff had thrashed the boy's younger brother, who is also an inmate there.\"They turned out the woman from the orphanage and did not allow her to meet her sons,\" the officer said.The police said that after the boys and girls give their statements, they will also try to contact the parents of those kids, who had allegedly been harassed earlier.\"We need complaints from those parents to file more FIRs. We will get in touch with them,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11919688", "title": "'Made in city' chopper", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Induction of Mi-17 V5 one of the latest and most advanced helicopters, into the Indian Air Force (IAF), on Friday will give more teeth to the force, enhancing its airpower. And it is the Chandigarh-based 3BRD (base repair depot) that is responsible for giving wing to this much awaited 'metal bird'.3BRD, Chandigarh, was assigned the task of assembling the Mi-17 V5, which is an upgraded version of Mi-17 helicopters, in association with the Kazan Plant, Russia, in 2011. The entire airframe of this chopper has a high degree of ballistics tolerance and is crash resistant. The most important feature of this machine is that its internal cabin volume is sufficient for transporting around 30 fully-equipped infantry soldiers for specialized operations.The assembly work has been going on in Chandigarh and for the last six months the station was visited by Russian experts, who helped in the assembly of the chopper besides Russian pilots who trained IAF pilots on the new chopper, as the station is equipped with a computer based training centre ( CBTC) of medium-lift helicopters (MI-17 V5).Initially, only four Mi-17 V5 were received in a complete knocked down (CKD) form from the Kazan plant and these would be winging into the sky on Friday. According to an Air Force official, the station is targeting to assemble 80 Mi-17 V5 helicopters in the next three years. These fall in the category of armed helicopters with substantial and effective firepower. Besides this variant has the latest powerful engines that'll greatly enhance its payload carriage capability at higher altitudes.3BRD, Chandigarh, is the only Air Force base in the country to carry out four line repair and maintenance of aircraft and equipment in the inventory of the IAF including overhauling, major repairs and upgradations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11925013", "title": "Internfair launches with success", "text": "MUMBAI: Starting January 12, thousands of students across the country participated in Internfair with the hopes of getting a step closer to their dream internships. With eight major contests and a series of daily events, Internfair has something to offer for everyone.With brands such as BerkshireInsurance.com, EADS Innovation Works, Teach for India, National Social Entrepreneurship Forum etc. offering internships to winners at Internfair, this first-of-its-kind initiative in India by Internshala has become a perfect platform for students to grab meaningful internships that can boost their career prospects and for companies to find the perfect intern, a right combination of knowledge, skills and a go-getter attitude.With prizes worth two lakhs accompanying dream internships, scores of students from various colleges have registered at Internfair to prove their skills in a variety of competitions such as App Design, Business Case Contest, Social Media Challenge, NSEF Young Thought Leaders awards etc.Round one for four of the eight major contests has concluded. However, participation for the following events is still open1.The Social Media Challenge - The flagship event of Internfair through which BerkshireInsurance.com is hiring the smartest interns across Marketing, Operations, and IT profile2.Teach for India internships - a must attend for those with a keen interest in the noble social cause3.EADS Innovation Works Challenge - For all the android app design enthusiasts with interest in image processing4.Creative Communications - a print ad design contest being conducted on Internfairs Creative Community partner BrandPotion.comIn addition to that, one can also participate in The 55 Micro Fiction Contest a daily event in partnership with Internfairs Online Education Partner, myeducationtimes.com.For more details, please log on to http://www.internfair.internshala.com/internfair/Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11918135", "title": "Neighbours tried to bring child to life", "text": "MUMBAI: Samarpan-D residents tried to resuscitate 3-year-old Vinayak when they saw him lying along with his mother, Nandita Agarwal, in a pool of blood on a parapet on Wednesday night.\"We hoped the child would survive. We reached the parapet through the window of a second-floor flat. After our resuscitation attempts failed, we took him to a nursing home, where doctors said he was dead,\" said a resident.A chauffeur said Vinayak was friendly and full of life. \"We watched him play with other children every evening and just can't believe he is no more.\"Most residents said they had limited contact with the Agarwals. \"All we know is that Naval is in real estate and Nandita was a homemaker. We greeted her whenever we saw her, but have no idea what pushed her beyond the limit,\" said a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11918699", "title": "Sarkhej murder fallout of turf war: Cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Sarkhej police, investigating the murder of Rafiuddin Saiyad alias Raja, 23, a resident of Sarkhej, have started a search operation for the main accused Shah Rukh Khan Pathan and his accomplice who are suspected to have left the city soon after the incident. Investigators believe that the murder was to establish supremacy in the area.Raja and Pathan had a tiff over the former's love affair with Pathan's sister. While the parties had made truce a few months back, Pathan had warned Raja against continuing any relationship with his sister.On Wednesday evening, Raja was going to his home from near Sarkhej Roza when he was approached by Pathan and his men in a car. They assaulted him with sharp weapons and mowed him down. When Nazir Saiyed, one of Raja's friends, tried to intervene, he was stabbed by the assailants, who later escaped in the car.The incident sent shockwaves in the nearby areas as Raja was a close aide of local strongman Yasin Bapu alias Kaniyo. For the past one year, however, he had broken up from the group to lead a normal life. More than 100 men gathered at VS Hospital where Raja was brought after the incident.\"We are keeping vigil in the area and using human and technical surveillance to know the whereabouts of the assailants,\" said N S Malek, inspector of Sarkhej police station.Senior police officials said that Pathan wanted to establish himself as the don of the area. \"While his sister's relationship was one of the issues, we believe that he has decided to set an example by killing his rival in a gruesome way,\" said a senior Ahmedabad rural police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11918387", "title": "Balasore gangrape accused surrenders", "text": "Ramesh Sahoo, an accused in the alleged gangrape of a 22-year-old girl from Khaira police station area of Balasore, has surrendered in a Balasore court, sources said. He was remanded in judicial custody. Another accused in the case, Pradip Jena, had surrendered in the same court on February 7. The main accused, Laxmidhar Nayak, and another accused, Kalia alias Prashant Jena are still on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11920235", "title": "Nepal woos Indian private firms to tap its hydel power potential", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nepal could bring a big relief to India on the energy front. The Himalayan nation wants India to harness its potential to generate 80, 000 mw of hydel power, utilizing its snow-fed rivers' resources.Nepalese government had issued a directive last week to expedite procedural clearances to issue licences to independent foreign power producers.\"The licences will be issued on a first-come-first-served basis. We are expecting more Indian firms to apply. Now, we generate less than 1, 000mw. We aim to generate 10,000mw over the next 10 years and 20,000-25,000mw in 20-25 years. We are looking at this sector as a major revenue generator for us,\" said D B Singh, director general (electricity development) of Nepal. He added that China and Brazil are also showing keen interest to import hydro power from Nepal.\"If India and Nepal work together, we could improve the power situation in both nations. We have started dealing with applications for licences from independent power generators. We will expedite these cases,\" said Nepal's energy minister Posta Bahadur Bogati.So far, independent power generators from India, including GMR, have got licences for generating 6,000mw. GMR is trying to build a 900-mw facility in Nepal.Singh said that India's state-run SJVN Ltd , a joint venture between the Central government and Himachal Pradesh , plans to establish a 900-mw plant in Sankhuwasabha district. \"The feasibility study has been completed and a detailed project report would be prepared soon. We expect them to start generating power in six-seven years,\" he added.The 400-kv transmission line between Muzaffarpur and Dhalkebar is being expedited. Besides, Nepalese officials are working on another line between Butwal and Gorakhpur to meet future requirements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11921496", "title": "\u2018Accused were plotting abduction for 3 months\u2019", "text": "BHOPAL: The four persons, who were arrested in connection with abduction of a 14-year- old son of the Arera Colony-based industrialist, confessed to the police that they were planning the kidnapping for the past three months.The accused, Manish, Pramod, Rakesh and Bhura were arrested with the ransom money and ornaments worth Rs 10 lakh, allegedly given by the industrialist to ensure the safe release of his teenaged son in wee hours of February 14.The police said the accused Manish and Pramod needed money to pay installments of their vehicles. Manish worked with industrialist for over a decade and a half before abducting the teenager.The two took Bhura and Rakesh into confidence and executed the abduction. The four accused were attempting to abduct the boy for over a week.However, they were not able to find the boy alone. On January 13 when they found the teenager alone, they allegedly abducted him.Pramod and Rakesh committed crimes in the past, the police said. Further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11921057", "title": "Marathi-dominated areas make elections count", "text": "Even as a majority of Mumbai decided not to venture out to cast their ballots, it was the Marathi-dominated areas that felt the poll fervour as voters endured long queues to get their fingers inked. From sexagenarian Dilip Danderkar to first time voter Yojana Surve, the central Mumbai areas consisting of middle-class Marathi populace made their voices heard.\"I have been a regular voter . Dadar has changed a lot from what it used to be. There is a lot of congestion on the roads while the capacity of the roads has not increased in proportion ,\" Danderkar, the 60-year-old chief of Camlin, said. Dadar, incidentally had a less than average turnout of 43.41%. But in this saffron stronghold, though some rued the changing landscape-old buildings giving way to apartments-people still showed that they have belief in the system . \"I believe that my vote counts,\" another old-timer Dilip Bharaskar said.For Yojana from the Dadar Portuguese Church area, it is the hope of a better five years ahead that made her cast her vote. \"Shiv Sena and MNS are doing a good job in the area but I hope the next five years are better,\" said Yojana.Political observers said in the eastern suburbs of Mulund East, Bhandup West and Bhatwadi area of Ghatkopar, it would be the Marathi votes that would decide the fate of candidates. While Bhandup recorded a maximum 51.05% turnout, Mulund was way behind at 38.54%. \"If you look at the last parliamentary and assembly elections, the MNS candidates fetched a large number of votes from predominant Marathi-speaking colonies despite some of them losing the assembly seats,\" a political observer said.Talking of the Mulund assembly seat, he said the MNS candidate, Satyavan Dalvi, could garner a large number of votes from the East but his rival Sardar Tara Singh from the BJP won comfortably as he garnered more votes from the West-a predominantly Gujarati-speaking area.In the parliamentary polls too, though Shishir Shinde of the MNS lost to NCP's Sanjay Patil, he had made inroads into the Marathi-speaking votebank in Mulund East. Later in the assembly elections, he came victorious from the Bhandup seat, again a Marathi stronghold.Sources said that Bhatwadi area also has a significant Marathi-speaking population and the Shiv Sena is trying hard to win this seat. Sai Shirke of the Sena is pitted against party rebel Rajeev Chagule for ward 122.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11921073", "title": "Slumbai provides some saving grace", "text": "The little more than 50% of Mumbai's population , which lives in slums, didn't disappoint on voting day. Probably the hope of a better future or the resilience that stems out of despair draws more voters from slums pockets to the polling booths in every election.Their enthusiasm was most evident at Worli naka, with serpentine queues snaking across footpaths throughout the day. It was a stark contrast with relatively empty booths in the high-heeled neighborhoods of Worli seaface. First-time voter Shameem Chaudhary from Premnagar slum in Worli said the local corporator had done good work and it was faith that drove her to the voting booth.Booths at BDD chawl, which is been slotted for redevelopment , were crowded. Jagdish Sawant (46) said he came to vote hoping redevelopment would bring justice. \"If we can get 225 sq feet for the shanties, we will have got a fair deal,\" he said.In Gilbert Hill area of Andheri (W), where Slumdog Millionaire was shot, long queues were seen at the Bhavan's College ground and Sagar City municipal school. \"Our slum is atop the hill and is ridden with problems. Time after time we come to cast our vote in the hope that things will get better, but we are deceived. Let us see if this time is any different,\" said Asma Banu (45).Things were no different at the Behrampada slum,declared hyper-sensitive .\"There were too many problems in the 1992 riots . Compared to those, inadequate water supply and garbage piling up seem small. But they do make life miserable,\"said 68-year-old Ijaaz Shaikh.At Cuffe Parade too, hordes of slumdwellers queued up to vote. \"The only weapon we have is our vote. We are powerless and inconsequential for the most part. If we cast our vote for the right candidate, we can hope to improve our situation,\" said Anja Kachi (37), a fish seller from Ganesh Murty chawl.But not everyone was optimistic . Yashwant Dhanur, from Ambedkar Nagar chawl opposite Cuffe Parade police station, said: \"We know that one ineffectual politician will be replaced by another. But we still get excited about voting as we can at least kick out the present guy who has not done his work well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11919334", "title": "City top cop's \"All out\" plan for officials on polling day", "text": "NASHIK: On the eve of the civic elections, the new police commissioner of Nashik Kulwant Kumar Sarangal has planned an 'All out programme' under which all police officials including the CP, DCP and other officials, including those manning police stations would move out of their respective police stations and patrol their areas vigilantly.Apart from this, the police have also taken up route march.Meanwhile, considering the election and also its efforts to take preventive measures against elements that could breach the law and order of the city, the city police have done as many as 2,539 cases against anti social elements since January 1.Informing more in this regard, DCP Sahebrao Patil of the Crime Branch said that action against 707 persons has been taken under CrPc 107 (Security for keeping peace in other cases), 251 persons under CrPc 109 (Security for good behaviour from suspected persons), 291 persons under CrPc 110 (Security for good behaviour from habitual offenders), 263persons under CrPc 151 (1 and 3) (Arrest to prevent the commission of cognizable offences),149 persons under CrPc 144 (2) (Power to issue order in urgent cases of nuisance or apprehend danger), 41 persons under CrPc 149 (to prevent cognizable offences), 122 under Bombay Police Act (identification of prisoners), 43 people under Bombay Police Act 56/57 (removal of persons about to commit offence and removal of beggers), 18 externment orders, 46 cases under Liquor Prohibition Act and 18 cases under Gambling Prohibition Act.DCP Patil said apart from this, Police have been deployed at fixed points, besides increased patrolling, Nakabandi and combing operations.Every police station has made a separate list of top 20 criminals in their respective jurisdictions and taken preventive action against 211 of them. Combing operation is taken up in the city every evening and action is taken against the suspects.On backdrop of February 16 election, the police are also conducting route march.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11920535", "title": "Murrah finds online fans", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana's \"black beauty\" murrah buffaloes have attracted online fans after the TOI ran a story on how the animal will be walking on a specially-designed ramp to showcase the rarity of the bread and its high milk yield at Arjun Stadium of Jind on February 22.A reader Gul Ramani from Germany commented that film actress, Mallika Sherawat , who also hails from Haryana, should reach to introduce these murrahs to a global audience. In another funny remark, Shishyam from Chennai said that officials of airlines companies should be sent to pick the air hostesses from the lot of buffaloes.Terming the \"catwalk of buffaloes\" as a good idea, KD Chitnis from Pune said, \"Why not observe silence, low noise, for the really interested masses and make even the shy-most animals comfortable? Unfortunately the Indians ... are very much prone to making high noise and hullah-gullah, which is most disturbing and indecent gestures as well! Most animals are peace-loving and love to remain in noiseless atmosphere, which is comfortable to them. Well let's look forward to this novel idea and hope for better understanding of reared animals!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11921117", "title": "Maharashtra civic polls: Vote first, then get married", "text": "Everyone stopped what they were doing and stared as a vehicle decorated with flowers pulled up outside a polling booth at Nardas Nagar, Bhandup (W) at 8.30 am. A young lady in bridal attire, face heavily made up, stepped out to cast her vote hours before the wedding muharatwhch was scheduled at 12.15 pm on Thursday . As election staffers inked Yogita Harne's finger, the groom Mahesh Vishwanath Raut-who had already cast his vote at another polling booth-waited patiently .Yogita, an associate engineer with a telecommunication firm said, \"Every vote makes a difference. I wanted to cast my vote despite the fact that today will be a hectic day for both of us.\"The couple said they had decided the previous day to get up early and vote before heading to the wedding venue.Man dies of heart attack while waiting at Andheri polling boothA 50-year-old man suffered a massive heart attack and died Thursday morning while waiting for his turn to cast his vote at a polling booth in Saki-Naka , Andheri (E). Lalmani Vishwakarma, who is employed as a chauffer with a businessman, had accompanied his neighbours to Yogiraj School, the polling booth for ward no 154. At the time, he showed no signs of distress, said family members . He had planned to report to work after casting his vote.Eye-witnesses said that while waiting in the queue, Vishwakarma began complaining of uneasiness. Not suspecting that it was the onset of a heart attack, his friends advised him to sit down for a while. But a moment later he collapsed. Security personal with the help of bystanders rushed him to Rajawadi Hospital where doctors declared him dead on arrival. Vishwakarma, who has a wife and child in UP, resides with his brother at Rammurat Mistry Chawl, Andheri (E).Maharashtra excise department cracks down on illegal sale of liquorOn the eve of the civic elections, state excise department officials seized 186 bottles of whisky when they raided a godown in Fort. \"We had received information that the accused would be carrying liquor bottles to be sold on Wednesday, which was declared a dry day. Accordingly, we laid a trap and intercepted the suspect who was riding a motorcycle. We recovered 12 bottles of whisky from him,\" said excise inspector S G Patil.The accused then identified the godown, which officials promptly raided. According to Patil, the alcohol had been procured from other states in India, and the bootleggers were hoping to sell each one for Rs 800-Rs 1,000 as Thursday was a dry day. Incidentally, ever since the election code of conduct came into place in December, the state excise department has seized illegal liquor worth over Rs. 1.5 crore from across Maharashtra. \"Liquor worth Rs 15 lakh was recovered at Solapur. In Thane, we seized illegal alcohol worth Rs 9.5 lakh,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11920827", "title": "Foreign media soak in their UP experience", "text": "LUCKNOW: When the local media is going gaga over Uttar Pradesh Assembly Election, the foreign scribes are no alien in reading the pitch reports. From noting Congress's PM-in-waiting Rahul Gandhi' charisma to 'well placed' suggestions like Akhilesh Yadav taking on the chief minister's chair if SP voted to power, the foreign publications are putting their best to cover the state election.In an article cheekily titled 'Elections in vast Indian state are window on nation's politics', the 'New York Times' notes that 'the changing role of caste and religion, the impact of public disgust over corruption and the raising public desire to share the fruits of economic growth' are the main concern of Indian voters. Author Jim Yardley describes the Uttar Pradesh population as 'among the poorest on the planet' and writes about literacy levels, health issues and overall India's progress. Quoting Akhilesh Yadav, NYT writes 'People want change' and says Yadav could become the chief minister if the 'Samajwadi Party can somehow regain power'.Mayawati's parks also got special mention in the NYT story. Commenting on the Indian political system, the NYT writes, \"Indian politics is often seem like a never-ending chess game played on multiple boards by multiple players in elections that deliver multiple message\".On similar lines, 'The Australian' writes, \"Even to the ears of India's most naive voters, Rahul Gandhi's weekend election pledge not to align with 'thieves and thugs' in this week's polls must have sounded like a fantastically non-core promise.\" The 450 word story writes about 'Nehru-Gandhi political dynasty' and talks especially of candidates with criminal background contesting elections.BBC introduces Uttar Pradesh as \"if it was a separate country, UP would be the fifth largest in the world by population\". The BBC story wrote about the efforts of Election Commission in mobilizing voters. Writing about possible outcome, the story reads high on the stakes of Mayawati and SP. Congress can be the possible game-changer whose national fate is highly dependent on the outcome of these elections. In an article titled 'Akhilesh Yadav emerges as challenger in Uttar Pradesh' published on Wednesday, BBC writes about 'Samajwadi Party emerging as the main challenger to the government of Dalit icon Mayawati, the spotlight on Akhilesh Yadav, the party's young president who is being credited with its turnaround'. Almost all news reports on the state elections talk of caste being a decisive factor.The chief minister may have lost sway among Brahmins, (but) she can still probably expect loyalty from her core Dalit backers, a fifth of the state, writes 'The Economist'. Quoting Mayawati's biographer Ajoy Bose, the write-up says, \"Mayawati can point to some gains. Dalits feel their dignity lifted by the many statues of Dalit symbols. Violent crime and communal tension are down sharply since the early 2000s, when hoodlums of the then-ruling Samajwadi Party took over police stations'. 'The Washington Post' says the real battle is taking place in the down and dirty world of caste and identity politics, as they alternatively try to woo and scare the state's divided communities.The news report in 'The Economist' titled \"UP, down, sideways\", looks into the different political equations that may come up after the results are declared. The article claims that SP may come to power with backing from Congress and Mulayam Singh could get the return favour getting a 'tempting' cabinet post. It says there may be a vice versa 'return favour' plan.In a detailed report, the 'Washington Post' writes 'victory for Mayawati could turn her caste-based Bahujan Samaj Party from a regional oddity into a national force'.The media in general see the state elections stamping a mark on national politics as well. Voice of America writes, 'a victory for a party allied to the Congress in the state could also empower the national government by giving it a reliable coalition partner at a time when its existing allies have turned rebellious'.'Global Post' opines that 'record turnout in pivotal state election may hint at an end to politics-as-usual in India'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11919083", "title": "Copper reservoirs with gold traces found in Alwar", "text": "JAIPUR: In a significant mineral finding that could change the complexion of investments in Rajasthan, the Geological Survey of India (GSI) has for the first time found huge reservoirs of copper with traces of gold and silver in Thanagazi in Alwar district.According to Dr S K Wadhawan, deputy director general, GSI, \"A 108.10 metre thick copper mineralization from the Alwar basin of the north Delhi fold belt found. The tentative resource of copper is about 11 million tones with sporadic presence of gold and silver that are 5 to 15 parts per million. These are findings of just two borewells that have been declared. But to speed up the investigation, GSI is working on four borewells at a distance of 200 metre each and we are expecting far more reservoirs,\" he added.The survey was started in 2008-09 on the basis of geo-favourable terrain in Khera block of Mundiyawas, Thanagazi about 6 km from the Sariska Tiger Reserve. The new findings would also open fresh avenues for Hindustan Copper Mines which is exhausting copper ore in Khetri.\"Spread over 25 sq. km area grazing land, these are world-class deposits that could be mined in the next five to 10 years. Besides, the presence of gold and silver, traces of strategically important elements like Selenium and Tellurium that are 'technology elements' used in cellphones, aircrafts, automobiles, computers' and in semi-conductors is also found in the drilling,\" he said. Highly ductile and malleable element and a good conductor of electricity copper is highly used in the electrical appliances as a thermal and electrical conductor and in building wires.These ore deposits are 10 times bigger than the copper deposits that were last discovered a decade back near Sikar and Dausa. To speed resource augmentation the government without wasting time should try at getting private investments as this area has the potential of developing into a throbbing mining city,\" said Wadhawan.The GSI with a proposed outlay of Rs 4,596 crore under the XII Plan for undertaking geo-scientific studies would also be advising the government on formulating exploration strategies for assessing deep seated base, strategic and new technology minerals in the light of fast depleting surface and near surface mineral wealth. And since the area with huge copper ore is a grazing land the government could also look at underground mines. \"We have the technology and it is possible now,\" said Wadhawan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11920311", "title": "Assembly proceedings stalled for the third day", "text": "HYDERABAD: Opposition members stalled Assembly proceedings for the third day on Thursday demanding action against the ministers who have accepted bribes from the liquor syndicate, insisting at the same time for a resolution to the separate Telangana statehood issue.Telugu Desam Party (TDP) and Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) members stormed the well of the House and surrounded Speaker Nadendla Manohar's podium demanding that he allow their respective adjournment motions.The House was adjourned, for the first time, within 10 minutes of its start and, for the second time, an hour after it was convened. Seeing the agitating members in no mood to relent, the Speaker adjourned the House for the day.Earlier, the Speaker held discussions with floor leaders of all the parties to explore possible ways to tide over the crisis with the meeting running for over an hour. He pleaded with members to let the House transact business.The House was informed that a discussion on the liquor syndicate issue could be taken up coming Tuesday. But with TDP and TRS members remaining firm on their stand, the Speaker adjourned the House for the day saying: \"It is very unfortunate that we are unable to transact any business for the third consecutive day\".Intervening in the melee, legislative affairs minister D Sridhar Babu informed the House that the government was ready for a debate on all issues.\"We urge all floor leaders to inform honourable members that the government is ready to discuss and debate all issues raised by the Opposition. Let us make appropriate use of this opportunity. Please allow the House to function. If you continue stalling the House, people will presume that you are not interested in taking up public issues,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11924895", "title": "Tribute to Tagore", "text": "KOLKATA: A century after he penned down his school-life experiences in Jibon Smriti, the present students of St Xaviers Collegiate School congregated to offer a token of appreciation to Rabindranath Tagore, who had a short stint at the institution as a student.St Xaviers Collegiate School collaborated with HMV Sa Re Ga Ma to release a CD titled Muktapushpa. The chief guest, Professor Krishna Bose, former member of the Parliament, lit the inaugural lamp in the presence of Father K K Devasy, the principal, Father Sebastian James, vice principal, Noomi Mehta, honorary secretary, Alumnorum Societas and S Karim, the chief content manager of Sa Re Ga Ma Pa India Pvt Ltd.The idea of launching the CD was conceived two years back on the institutions 150th year celebration when the students had organised Sanskriti, a fest to honour the tradition and cultural heritage.Fr James, who had contributed extensively towards launching the CD, explains the reason behind selecting Muktapushpa as the title. Mukta, which means pearl, is a symbol of purity and unlike other precious stones, it does not need polishing. Akin to the pearl, Tagore was also a gem that needed no polishing.Back then, Tagore thought that formal education might ruin creativity; today he would be pleasantly surprised to see the students of his own school pioneering such a creative innovation, said Professor Krishna.We have all grown up listening to and reading Tagores creations; the first song that I learnt was his. There is a little Tagore in every one of us and this CD just commemorates that, she mused.Students under various age brackets have lent their voice to the album. There was a different kind of happiness while rehearsing for the songs and the feeling just escalated during the actual recording, reminisced Shoham Kar, a student who worked on the project.This CD is unique as it has been compiled entirely by amateur singers but the quality they offered was par excellence. I would also request every music lover to buy CDs rather than download them from the Internet as music piracy is killing the industry, said Karim.The event came to a melodious end with the students and teachers singing the famous Sraboner Dharar Motto and the audience heartily joining in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11919174", "title": "Three youths attack train guard with stick", "text": "MUMBAI: Without any apparent motive or provocation, three youths loitering at the Mumbra railway station hit a railway guard of a train with a stick on Thursday afternoon, fracturing his right hand.The train was headed towards CST from Kalyan railway station. Even as it pulled out of the Mumbra station, one of the three accused, who were standing on the platform close to the train, suddenly hit the guard, Mayur Dhabade, with a stick, the police said. \"I was lucky not to fall out of the train,\" said Mayur. \"As I turned back, I saw three youths running away after hitting me.\"Dhabade then alerted the motorman who stopped the train at Thane station and took him to the civil hospital. From there, Dhabade was shifted to Kalyan railway hospital and later discharged.After registering a case, the Government Railway Police said they suspected that the accused attacked the guard \"just for the fun of it\".Mayur, who has been working as a guard with the Central Railway for the past 11 years, stays in Kalyan's Kolsewadi area with his wife and a two-year-old daughter.This is reportedly not a stray incident. Another guard working with CR said, \"The station in Mumbra has turned into a hub for thugs; several commuters have been attacked earlier.\"The Government Railway Police are looking for the three accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11919037", "title": "AMC budget meet approves SCADA", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The budget debate at the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) general board continued late in the night on the second day on Thursday. But this was a time when councilors from both BJP and the Congress got creative with proposing new forms of revenue generation.Ambawadi councilor Sunil Shah resurrected a policy that was long shelved by the AMC since the last six years. Shah proposed an additional property tax on buildings that have glass facades and even proposed a pending policy of a property tax rebate for buildings that employ renewable energy systems including solar or hybrid systems. The policy was first suggested by the chief minister six years ago. The second proposal was to raise a multi-specialty health centre at the existing TB hospital campus based on steel and concrete. tnnThis proposal found its way to the municipal commissioner's speech.The new SCADA system for automated water and sewerage management system worth Rs 34.39 crore finally saw the light of the day after both the administrative wing and the elected wing agreed to submit the detailed project report to the JnNURM committee in Delhi to seek funds. \"The SCADA system will not only curb to a great extent the existing water transmission losses but was also necessary in the wake of the new metering policy that will be employed by the AMC in selected areas in the city,\" says a senior AMC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11919913", "title": "Maya cannot escape charges of involvement in NRHM scam: Rajnath", "text": "KANPUR: Former chief minister and senior BJP leader Rajnath Singh said that Mayawati cannot escape the charges of being involved in National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam. \"How is it possible that a scam of Rs 5,000 crore takes place in the state and Mayawati does not come to know about it? It is not a scam of Rs 5-10 crore wherein only a minister is involved. It is a scam of thousands of crores and Mayawatiji cannot escape the charges of being involved in it by expelling ministers right before the Assembly elections,\" Singh while addressing an election rally at Express Road in support of BJP candidate Salil Vishnoi, contesting from Arya Nagar seat.Singh questioned the people that will they like to vote such a party (BSP) into power where corruption is at its peak or vote Samajwadi Party to power which is know for giving shelter to goons and criminals. \"Think first and then use your right to franchise,\" he said.Lambasting BSP for being involved into corruption, Singh said, \"I do not remember when any police official spoke openly in the media against a chief minister but this has happened in Mayawati's regime, where a DIG levelled charges of corruption against Behenji. Imagine the height of corruption.\"\" Kalyan Singh , Ramprakash Gupta and even I as a chief minister had no such instance during our regimes where a police official levelled corruption charges against us but what all happened in Mayawati's regime. Before being voted into power, she had said that she would send Maulayam Singh and Amar Singh to jail as they were involved into corruption but nothing of this sort happened,\" he said.Speaking about nexus between Congress, SP and BSP, Singh said that while SP and BSP continue to support Congress in Centre, the Congress lashes out at the two parties in the state. \"Rahul should ask Manmohan Singh to give back the support taken from both SP and BSP to run his government in the Centre and then speak against these parties here in the state. Therefore, I question him (Rahul), why should people of the state trust your words of developing Uttar Pradesh,\" he added.The senior BJP leader also questioned Sonia Gandhi that why she never speaks about inflation in the election rallies.Singh counted the scams in which the ministers of Congress party were involved. He said that 2G scam tops the chart. The 2G scam has exposed the Congress party.Commenting on Salman Khursheed's statement, Singh said that it is not difficult to understand why the Congress party is speaking about Batla House encounter during elections. Right before the elections, Congress spoke about reservation to Muslims. He said that it just one way to woo Muslim voters and added that his party is not against reservation but it should be given on the basis of social status of a person or a community. He said that BJP is against the caste-based reservation as this would lead to division of the country into parts.Speaking about the increasing popularity of BJP in the state, Singh said that his party can give good governance.\"SP supremo said in an election recently that if BJP becomes the single largest party in the state, his party would support Congress. This shows that fear of our win has disturbed our rivals,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11918737", "title": "Many return without voting, many do after a lot of sweat", "text": "PUNE: Missing names, difficulty in identifying the right polling booths and objection to photo identity cards presented by voters contributed to a great extent to the low voting percentage.A fairly large number of residents from the Akashdhoot society in Kalyaninagar were denied the right to exercise their franchise as their names were found missing from the voters' list at the Erin Nagarwalla polling centre.\"We even tried finding our names at a polling booth in nearby Shastrinagar area, but all was in vain,\" said one of the disappointed residents of this society, which houses over 50 voters.A family of six voters from the society had reached the polling centre together, but none of them could cast their vote. Rajashtree Mehta, another voter from Akashdhoot, said, \"I came here with my husband to vote, but both of us just couldn't find our names in the list.\"At the AISSMS college of engineering polling centre near the Regional Transport Office, voter Mahendra Kamble complained, \"The names of my family members are listed at different polling centres. It took us almost 45 minutes of running around, from one polling booth to another, to locate our names in the voters' list. I was shocked to see that the names of my wife, two daughters and son were listed at four different polling booths.\"\"For the past many elections, we have been exercising our franchise together at a single polling booth. I wonder why the separate polling booths this time,\" said Kamble.Vineeta Agarwal of Tadiwala Road was faced with a similar problem when she learnt that her daughter Nayan's name was missing from the list. \"I tried to find her name in the list and after putting a lot of effort, I found it in another list at a nearby booth,\" she said.\"Clearly, the exercise of updating voters' list has not been done comprehensively. There are errors, such as wrong and incomplete addresses and missing names,\" said Agarwal.Vijay Maniram, a resident of NIBM Road, had to visit at least three polling booths before he was finally able to cast his vote. Due to the restructuring of wards, Maniram's name figured in the voters' list for another polling booth and not at the centre he cast his vote in the past elections.\"For the first time, a polling booth has been opened at the RIMs International School on NIBM Road. I visited a couple of other booths but could not found my name. I was sent back twice from RIMs as well. It took two hours for me to find my name and polling booth number at the same school,\" said Maniram.The booth set up at Dalvi School in Dalviwadi near Nanded Phata also reported instances of missing names. \"I visited three polling booths in Dalviwadi area but none of them had my name in their lists. It was annoying,\" said 50-year-old Ramchandra Chavan, a resident of the same area.Ramesh Pokle, presiding officer at the polling centre, said, \"We came across cases of missing names. The polling booth at Dalviwadi School registered voting by 582 people. Of them, 387 exercised their franchise between 7.30 am and 5.30 pm.\"Shashikala Ingavale, a resident of Dhayari Phata, said, \"I spent two hours searching my name in the voters' list at a couple of centres, but none had I my name.\"Several residents from the slums at Parvati, who enthusiastically reached the polling booth, were taken in by surprise. Rajesh Kalbhor, a poll staffer, said, \"people came in large number. But they were not aware about how to vote for two candidates. So confusion prevailed.\"A resident from Pashan complained, \"We could not cast our votes as our names were missing from the list. There was no way we could cross check the same with the list posted on the website as the internet was not accessible for the better part of the day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "godhra (kutch)", "code": "11919892", "title": "The other Godhra \u2013 an oasis of peace", "text": "GODHRA (KUTCH): On all nine nights of Navratri, this village witnesses a mad scramble for sponsoring Amba Mata's aarti. This tradition, called Uchchamni, is a kind of bidding to perform the ritual. Most of the times, the highest bidders are Muslims. Welcome to Godhra - not the 'Ground Zero' of 2002 Gujarat riots, but a nondescript namesake, located 15 km from the coastal town of Mandvi in Kutch. This Godhra is a shining example of Hindu-Muslim unity.\"Navratri is the strongest binding factor between Hindus and Muslims here. Nobody minds if we Muslims sponsor the aarti,\" said Ismail Nareja, deputy sarpanch of the village where 700 persons out of the total population of 4,500 are Muslims. In January this year, the village sarpanch Valji Bagda gave out a stern message to disruptive elements and got four Hindu youths arrested for damaging religious flags of Muslims on the day of Eid-e-Milad.Tension had gripped the village after the incident but this was defused soon by elders from both communities. \"This was the first incident stoking communal tension in our village in a very very long time. I knew who the culprits were and ensured they are brought to book,\" Bagda said. On their part, Muslims have imposed a ban on non-vegetarian food around Salalshah dargah in the village where majority of devotees are Hindus.\"We constructed Prerna Dham, an all-religion centre depicting the essence of all faiths, in the village. We want everyone to come here, be it Hindu or Muslim, and take back a message of communal harmony,\" says Shantilal Shah, the temple's trustee based in Mumbai. Incidentally, one of the earliest mosques in India was built in Bhadreshwar in Kutch, by a Jain merchant Sheth 32Jagdusha with a view to attract Muslim merchants to the port.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11919849", "title": "Case booked against managers in Codli mines mishap", "text": "MARGAO: A day after the mishap at Sesa Goa's Codli mine on Wednesday that led to five truck drivers sustaining injuries following the collapse of the bailey bridge, the Curchorem police on Thursday registered an offence against the general manager of the mine Joseph Coelho, mines manager Newton Fernandes, associate manager of security department Yogesh Thaiya and three security personnel. The operation for retrieving the trucks from the rivulet was underway on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "rae bareli", "code": "11925184", "title": "UP assembly polls: Priyanka ridicules Mayawati government", "text": "RAE BARELI: Congress star campaigner Priyanka Gandhi on Friday ridiculed the UP state government for remembering the problems of common people only at election time.\"I have heard that water has come in the canals only two days ago as if you need water only at election time\", Gandhi said at an election meeting here.\"There are electric poles and wires in place but no electricity, the canals are dry and the fertiliser sent by the centre is not reaching you\", she said adding that development here is only partial with the centre doing its job but the state government creating hurdles.\"Have you ever thought that despite your MP Sonia Gandhi doing so much of work and centre also helping why are we still backward\", she said adding that development is done through four sides with MP, MLA, Centre and state governments.\"Soniaji tried to bring industries for you and had to fight with your state government for it...it were for you yet had to fight your state government for them\", she said.The Congress campaigner said that in the past 22 years Congress did not get a chance. \"You expressed confidence in the Samajwadi Party but got anarchy...expressed faith in the BSP but they indulged in corruption...read in today's newspapers as well that the funds meant for health services by the centre did not reach you\", she said.\"Today a chance has come to bring an improvement in the prevailing situation...Congress has developed the capacity to form its government in the state so that the region and state could progress\", she said.Recalling the Congress governments in the state in the past, she said that people have seen it working...they are also seeing the UPA government of the centre which has formulated its policies and programmes for the rights of the people.In a reference to a pond dug up in the region through MNREGS, she said that though the scheme is being implemented in the state, people are not getting its benefits.Stressing that change can be brought only when the politics in the state is dedicated to development, she said that the basis of politics should be serving the people.In case a leader does not realise your strength it is also your duty to make him answerable, she said exhorting the people to vote for Congress in order to strengthen Congress and the hands of Sonia Gandhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11919681", "title": "CBSE helpline goes silent on Valentine's Day", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When it's about love, age is no bar and exams are no worry! This is exactly what city-based CBSE counsellors, assigned to take calls on CBSE helpline, felt on Valentine's Day as the helpline numbers did not ring even for a single query. The counsellors feel that with Board examination dates nearing, the queries of classes X and XII students only seem to lessen as with every passing day the CBSE helpline is ringing less than it did, initially.Rakesh Sachdeva, principal of DAV School in Sector 15 and CBSE counsellor, said, \"It's interesting that the helpline number did not ring even once on February 14, whereas on other days the helpline rings even on Sundays! And not just the city students, even the calls directed from Delhi were completely absent.\"The number of calls has also reduced over the days, say counsellors.\"Nowadays, there are less calls coming in from across the country. In the beginning we used to get around 80 to 100 calls every day, but since the past few days the number has come down to 10 or 15 calls a day,\" they added, arguing that initially people were excited with the facility and so they called often, but with time this craze has lessened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11923862", "title": "Ankita Shorey at Gauri Bajoria's do", "text": "Feeling hot? When Gauri Bajoria hosted an evening to preview some of the creations that'll be part of her upcoming exhibition in Delhi, all the ladies turned up in their finest winterwear.While they were fully clothed, models Sonalika Sahay and Daria, displaying ensembles by designers Rohit Bal as well as Himanshu-Shani, they were certainly a little cold during the chilly evening.Between rockstar and superstar : We also spotted Pantaloons Femina Miss India International 2011 Ankita Shorey at this do, who was happy to be back in Delhi. She said, \"I've done theatre before, and now I'm focusing on my acting career.\" On the topic of acting, we had to ask her about her experience of hosting the recent Filmfare awards , and she said, \"I've done ads with both Shah Rukh and Ranbir Kapoor in the past, so it was fun teaming up with them again.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11920212", "title": "Equity remains central plank of Indian climate stance: PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has told chief climate negotiators of South Africa, Brazil and China that 'equity' and the principle of 'common but differentiated responsibilities' will remain central to India's stance at the UN talks as the world negotiates a post-2020 climate regime. He also said India would continue to work closely with the BASIC nations and the developing countries group of G77+China.The chief negotiators met Singh during their visit to Delhi for the meeting of BASIC countries. The signal from the PM was translated into the joint communique by the four countries after the meeting which concluded on February 14. The statement read, \"They reaffirmed that the process launched at Durban is not to renegotiate or rewrite the convention and that this process and its outcome shall be under the convention and in full accordance with all its principles and provisions, in particular the principles of equity and common but differentiated responsibilities and respective capabilities.\"Sources told TOI that the three nations also appreciated the role played by environment and forests minister Jayanthi Natarajan at the Durban meet. Her clear stance had stitched a closer alliance, especially with China, and kept the BASIC group intact despite some internal diversions and ensured that India's agenda and red lines were not crossed at the climate meet in December last year.At the BASIC meeting in Delhi, they came out in full support of the PM and the minister's views on equity and in order to quell any doubts stated that the new regime would only come up under the existing convention which already enshrines these principles.The four countries also raised the bar for EU by linking any future talks on a new regime under what is called the 'Durban Platform' to the developed countries turning their commitments given at Durban into exact targets for emission reductions by May 2012. In a hint that the rest of the talks running through 2012 could be jeopardized unless the EU and other developed countries took 'economy wide quantified emission reduction objectives', the four warned that such targets were the first step to future talks. They also took a strong view against the unilateral EU carbon tax on aviation and said such a move \"would seriously jeopardize the international efforts to combat climate change\".Sources at the meeting said all four countries had firmly opposed the aviation tax EU had threatened to impose and it could create an impasse at the UN climate talks.The meeting of the four BASIC members was critical as all countries are expected to submit their formal notes to the UN on how the talks under 'Durban Platform' for the post-2020 climate regime should be framed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11918469", "title": "Missing records: CBI to probe officer", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nearly two months after it was asked to explain about the missing documents pertaining to multi-crore rupees land scam involving 'chhole-bhature' vendor Ashok Malhotra, the CBI has informed a special court it has begun examining the role of one of its officials behind it.The submission was made by CBI DIG S K Palsania to special CBI judge A K Mendiratta nearly two months after the agency's chief had been summoned by the court for an explanation on the missing documents relating to the 2000-02 scam. Palsania told the court that the agency has initiated a probe against the investigating officer for his failure to deposit the original record with the chargesheet in the case.He said an inquiry for \"regular departmental action\" for major penalty has been initiated against inspector D K Thakur for his failure to deposit the original documents and statements of witnesses along with the chargesheet and for his failure to handover the case records to his successor.He contended the agency has been able to trace three documents from among the missing papers as also the statement of a witness. The court, meanwhile, granted another eight weeks to the CBI to trace the remaining records after the CBI DIG sought more time to do so.\"Considering the facts and circumstances and as prayed by the CBI, the prosecution is granted further period of eight weeks to trace the missing documents and place the same on record,\" the special judge said.The fact about the missing documents in the high-profile Molarband and Dheerpur land scam had come to the court's notice on November 28, 2011 when it was told by CBI that the documents and the statements could not be filed in the court as the investigating officer of the case was arrested in a trap case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11918906", "title": "Sariska reserve to have GPS system soon", "text": "JAIPUR: Tracking of tigers through radio collars at Sariska Tiger Reserve will soon become passe as the wildlife department plans to monitor the activities of tigers and other animals through global positioning system (GPS). Apart from the tigers, activities of forest guards and officials could also be monitored, too, by this system.Satellite and digital cameras would be installed in and around the reserve under the new plan. Also, every forest guard will have to prepare reports of animals and their activities and submit them daily, sources said.All such data relating to the tigers, their numbers and births of cubs would be made available online, sources added.\"The data will then be sent to the range officers, who would then forward it to the district forest officer (DFO) who would finally send it to the Indian Wildlife Institute, Dehradun, to make it online,\" an officer said.The census of the animals would be done through four different methodologies and forest guards and officials would be able to keep a tab on poaching, etc. \"Death of animals would be recorded properly,\" said a source.Additionally, transit line cameras would also be installed in the reserve. \"Every transit line census of the big cats would be done on 5, 15 and 25 of every month,\" an officer said.\"Earlier, it was difficult to know whether or not any guard or ranger was inside the reserve but with the GPS system their activities and movements could be tracked, for discipline purposes,\" RS Shekawat, field director of the reserve, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11921207", "title": "Will Cong retain Salcete's trust this election?", "text": "MARGAO: For decades it has been Salcete that has been bolstering Congress numbers every election, taking the party to the treasury benches and ensuring that it remains in power. With eight seats at stake in this taluka, Congress and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) know just how important Salcete is in adding up those numbers to reach the magic figure of 21 and majority in the assembly.With elections some two weeks away, across Salcete there are those who believe that no force can oust Congress from the taluka on March 3, while others feel the party may not do as well as it expects to.\"Though Congress appears to be on a down slope, with the kind of opposition that has been put up, I don't see any of them making a dent in the Congress vote bank. We have to keep in mind that each of these Congress candidates are formidable persons and so we would need equally big names to beat them,\" says Cleofato Almeida Coutinho, a voter from Velim. Agreeing, retired banker Angelo Almeida of Verna says, \"In many constituencies it may not be a cakewalk for the Congress candidates in Salcete, but the taluka has always been a Congress bastion and it won't change this time.\"Traditionally Salcete has voted Congress and the party has fielded candidates in all the constituencies in the taluka. In 2007 with the exception of Fatorda the other seven constituencies had gone to Congress or its allies (Save Goa Front which won two seats later merged with the Congress).Five years and a delimitation exercise later this could have changed had BJP reacted early. It still could.There are still eight constituencies in the taluka, and BJP has three candidates, is backing independents in another three constituencies, and alliance partner Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP) was unable to find anybody willing to contest on its symbol in one.\"BJP is dubbed as a saffron party so Salcete that is dominated by Catholics will not vote for BJP. It has been the same since liberation, only earlier it was United Goans Party that took the Salcete constituencies,\" says a Margao-based lawyer who preferred anonymity. Angst against the Congress may help the BJP. \"There is a wave against the Congress in Salcete. It is likely that some Catholics who want a change will vote for BJP candidates wherever there are such candidates,\" says former Guirdolim sarpanch Agostinho Antao.Mismanagement by the government may come to haunt the party this election. \"I think this time it is not going to be the Congress that will hold centre stage in Salcete, says Judith Almeida of the Colva Civic and Consumer Forum (CCCF). \"You can divide the electorate into three groups-those who are aware; the middle economy that still follows the politicians; a third that willingly accepts the doles given by politicians. The aware group has increased in number because of the various agitations and issues in the villages. The gram sabhas have been effective in awakening the people. I believe that a lot of these people who are aware will vote for candidates who are there to make a change.\" The CCCF is just one of the many groups in this taluka that is making an effort to awaken the people and tell them there is an alternative.A major factor that can swing votes in Salcete this time will be the issue of medium of instruction at the primary level. \"We are not looking at any party, but are trying to get parents to vote for those candidates who will support English as a medium of instruction. We are looking at individuals,\" says Forum for Rights of Children's Education (FORCE) convener Savio Lopes. With the BJP-MGP alliance asserting that it will not give grants to primary schools teaching in English, Congress could benefit from this.The party, however, may lose some votes of the many seamen from the taluka who traditionally voted for the hand. A large number of them met with BJP leader Manohar Parrikar recently. \"Since Congress has not done anything for us seamen, and BJP has now promised to address our issues, there would be some amongst us who will vote against the Congress,\" says a retired seafarer from Cuncolim.Whether Salcete still trusts the Congress will be known on March 6, when the electronic voting machines beep the results. Goa assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11925955", "title": "US, West continue to pollute, still unapologetic: Natrajan", "text": "CHENNAI: Slamming US and other Western nations for \"continuing to cause pollution\" despite their commitments, Environment Minister Jayanthi Natarajan today said developing countries, including India, have contributed more to counter the ill effects of climate change.\"Every day, although there are agreements and commitments, countries like the US, countries in the West, continue to pollute and continue to raise the pollution, without even so much as an apology or without feeling anyway burdened by the kind of pollution that they are bringing about,\" she said.On the other hand, developing countries were taking voluntary actions (to control emissions), she said inaugurating a Business Ethics conference organised by Loyola Institute of Business Administration here.Defending India's stance during the climate change meet in Durban recently, she said equity was at the heart of any action on climate change and NX 1 or developed countries have to pay for their \"greatest damage\" they caused to environment.\"...the Durban platform was concluded under the UNCCC (United Nations Convention on Climate Change) and the convention makes it absolutely clear and applicable to all parties that equity is at the heart of any action and any agreement on climate change,\" she said.Referring to a Stockholm Institute's study which found that developing countries were actually contributing far more to counter the effects of climate change than any developed country, she said India was doing a \"huge amount\" of work through its National Action Plan on Climate Change.\"We have voluntarily offered internationally that by 2020 we will reduce the intensity of our energy emissions up to 20 to 25 per cent,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11921352", "title": "MP\u2019s gau sevaks seek equal protection as the bovines", "text": "BHOPAL: The BJP government in Madhya Pradesh may have been going the whole hog to protect cows after it came to power eight years ago, but the state's 18,000-odd 'gau sevaks', serving bovines in the far-flung rural area that they trudge mostly on foot, say they are not as lucky. The alleged ambivalent attitude of the government towards these 'gau-sevaks' has now forced them to ignore the cows under their care and agitate, with the slogan \"equal attention to us, as the cows''.The gau-sewaks are demanding a honorarium on par with \"Shiksha Karmis\"-the contractual teachers in schools-as was promised to them earlier. The government promised in 1999-2000 that one person each from every panchayat lacking a veterinary centre would be absorbed as a 'gau sevak'.After this, 18,000 people were picked up and given 10 months of training in Bhind and Shivpuri to look after cows, even give them first aid when in need , besides vaccination and carrying out artificial insemination,\" Prashikshit Pradesh Gau Sewak Sangh president Devendra Kumar Dixit said.\"We were given Rs 1,500 per month during training. \"We were assured a honorarium on par with shiksha karmis. But nothing happened\", he added.\"We give cows vaccines procured from the government or private agencies and charge Rs 2 to Rs 5 from the owner to make a living. We are also engaged in cattle census for which we occasionally get a meager amount from the government ,\" Dixit said.Pointing out that the gau-sewaks have been agitating for the last 38 days, Dixit said while the government has enacted a law to punish people engaged in cow slaughter with 7 years imprisonment , it has forgotten those protecting the bovines in remote rural areas\", adding that they were planning to gherao the state assembly during its upcoming budget session.However, state Animal Husbandry Minister Ajay Vishnoi said there were only 1,000 gau sevaks seriously on the job. \"The others just want to get a honorarium,\" he maintained.\"We are absorbing the active gau sevaks in different animal welfare schemes. Some of them have been imparted advanced training in artificial insemination,'' he said.The minister added such sevaks are being absorbed in e-vet project, aimed to provide on-line consultancy for faster veterinary medical services in villages in rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11923579", "title": "A rhapsody by the Diminished Duo", "text": "Bohemians or drifters, call them what you may, but for Jansky Tamamsky and Ayki Ayk, its the streets they call home and random people, their family.\"We call ourselves the Diminished Duo. It is too cold in Europe now, so we have come here to play music,\" said Jansky from Turkey, in between playing his trumpet and singing. Ayki is originally from Czechoslovakia but his family is in Marseilles now. He wowed the audience gathered in front of a Park Street shop with his jumbush, a stringed instrument that he plays with lan.\"Both of us were playing on the streets of Istanbul , when we met and decided to be together. We made money on the streets and saved some to travel all the way to India since we had heard a lot about this country,\" he said. \"Even the common people know a lot about music here and the women are simply beautiful,\" added Ayki.The two had put up in a cheap Sudder Street hotel and made just enough money playing on the streets to see them through the day. \"We were chased by the cops. Some locals also objected to us playing here. I was even attacked by some goons, but well, this is what we do,\" said Jansky.The two start around 10 in the morning and play till midnight, as passersby stop to listen or even break into impromptu jigs. With their family far away, Jansky and Ayki have found a friend in nine-year-old Sunny, a street kid, and even gifted him a ukulele. \"My wife, Litsy, is in Marseilles. We speak almost everyday,\" said Ayki. Whenever possible, the duo sends some money home.The Diminished Duo plays hot jazz from the 20s and New Orleans music and apparently share a love-hate relationship. \"We cant stay in one place for long and will be leaving soon. But we would love to come back next year. We met some wandering singers you call bauls and went to Bolpur to sing with them. It was amazing,\" admitted Jansky.With that,they started playing again. Soon, they will vanish into the streets of a different city, this time, Puri, where the duo was headed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11924194", "title": "Vysakh\u2019s films selling like hot cakes", "text": "Director Vysakh is the man of the moment, what with every other industry vying for remake rights of his films. The icing, though, is that even the remakes are going to be directed by Vysakh.A Mumbai-based production house, who bought the remake rights for his previous film - 'Pokkiri Raja', has bought 'Seniors' as well.\"I had been asked to direct the Hindi version of 'Pokkiri Raja' too, but I was unable to take it up because of the other projects I was committed to. This time, for 'Seniors', I have decided to take up the offer to direct the Hindi version too,\" says Vysakh.The director is currently shooting for his Malayalam film 'Mallu Singh', which incidentally, has been chosen for a Tamil remake even before the original film has hit the screens. \"Yes, Mallu Singh will be remade into Tamil. We will be roping in a popular actor from Kollywood for the lead role,\" he reveals.'Mallu Singh' revolves around the life in a street called Mallu Street in Punjab. The cast includes Unni Mukundan, Kunchacko Boban, Biju Menon, Manoj K Jayan, Samvrutha Sunil, Meera Nandan and Manjari among others. The Tamil version of the movie will be tweaked to suit the Tamil audience.It is quite a feat, considering all the three films directed by the young director have been chosen for remakes.\"I aim at making mass entertainers. These invariably become commercial successes. I guess that's what is working in my favour,\" says the director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11920589", "title": "Kerala to Kashmir, a tale of love and betrayal", "text": "KOCHI: A Christian girl from Fort Kochi, who converted to Islam to marry a Kashmiri boy she fell in love with, has approached the Kerala High Court to get back her estranged lover.Merin Godsey from Veli fell in love with Muhammed Sikhander Gora from Anzimar Khanyar in Srinagar while working at a jewellery shop in Fort Kochi. They decided to get married once she accepted Gora's pre-condition that she converted to Islam before the wedding.Ignoring her parents' objection, Merin went to Srinagar with Gora and approached mufti azam, or head clergyman of Jammu and Kashmir , at Shah Faisal Colony at Soura. Based on a declaration by Merin, the mufti certified that she had been converted to Islam on June 12, 2010 and would henceforth be called Maryam.Four days later, their wedding was held in the customary manner at Kashmir Mahal in Srinagar and Maryam settled in with Gora's family, which comprised his father Nazir Ahammed Gora, mother, brother, sister and co-brother.Trouble began brewing two months into the marriage when the wedding of Gora's sister Neelofer came up. Gora's father took away the 30 sovereigns of gold and Rs 1 lakh in cash that Maryam had brought along with her. When she protested, Gora senior threatened that he would get his son divorce her. She was routinely subjected to abuse, and it even got physical when her husband was not at home.Finally, unable to bear it, Maryam returned to Kochi on November 27, 2010 only to learn that her father had died a week after her marriage due to heart attack and that her mother wouldn't accept her as she had got converted.Undeterred, she took a house on rent, where she was visited by Gora on September 3 last year. After staying for 10 days, Gora went back to Srinagar telling her that he needed to visit his parents. That was the last she heard from him. In her petition to the High Court, Maryam contends that Gora is being detained by his family members who want him to divorce her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11920282", "title": "Power shutdown in city areas tomorrow", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on February 18 from 9am to 5.30pm.Sembium: Harbour Colony, Venkateshwara Ngr, Venkateshwara Colony, Milk Colony Rd, Rizwan Rd, Arul Ngr, Narayanasamy Garden, Rekha Ngr, Soliamman Koil, Koyathopu, Ambika Ngr, Shasthri Ngr, MH Rd, Annai Sathya Ngr, Chandrababu Colony, Part of GNT Rd, Periyar Ngr, Thanikachalam Ngr, Kolathur, Thirupathu Ngr, Balaji Ngr, United Colony, Thirumalai Ngr, Nermai Ngr, Valarmathi Ngr, Kumaran Ngr, Ganapathy Ngr and Bank Colony.Luz: Luz Church Rd, Balaiah Avenue, Luz Avenue, Kabali Thottam, Pallaku Manager, Ramachandra Rd, Justice Sundaram Rd, East Abhiramapuram St 1 to 3, Baskarapuram, Warren Rd, Dr Raga Rd, Canal Bank Rd, Krishnasamy Avenue, Alwarpet, Subbarayan Salai, Warren Rd, Rama Rao Rd, Venkatesa Agraharam St, Cenkadar R K Rd, Alamelu Mangapuram, C P Raman Rd, C V Raman Rd, North Mada St, East and South Mada St, Kutchery Rd, Dinakaran, Ganapathipuram, Police Quarters, Vinayaka Colony, C P Koil, Mundakanni Amman St, Royapettah High Rd, Nathciyappa St.ThillaigangaNgr: Thillaiganaga Ngr, Nanganallur, Adambakkam, Shanthi Ngr, Andal Ngr, Vanuvampettai, Pazhavathangal, Brindavan Ngr, Jeevan Ngr, Sanjay Gandhi Ngr and Mahalakshmi Ngr.Puduthangal: Mullai Ngr TNHB, Old State Bank Colony, Mudichur Rd, Old Tambaram, Patel Ngr, Irumbuliyur, CTO Colony, TTK Ngr, Krishna Ngr, Kurinchi Ngr, Kannadapalayam, New State Bank Colony, Manthope Area and Mangalapuram.Kandanchavadi: Thiruvalluvar St, Sathiyappan Salai, MGR Veeram Rd, Wireless Monitoring Station, Sandhya Ngr, Ambedkar Puratchi Ngr, Thiruvalluvar Ngr, JJ Ngr, KPK Ngr, Old Kamaraj Ngr, Kurinchi Ngr, Rajiv Ngr, Janaki Raman Ngr &amp; Rathnamani Ngr.Maduravoyal: MMDA Blocks 1 to 7, PH Rd, Mettukuppam Rd, Karthikeyan Ngr, Vel Ngr, Kannan Ngr, Alapakkam Main Rd, Pallavan Ngr, Seethaman Ngr, Lakshmi Ngr, Gangai Amman Ngr, Sundar Ngr, Porur Garden, Metro Ngr, Barathi Dasan Ngr, Ganapthi Ngr, Krishna Ngr, Bakyalakshmi Ngr, Noombal, VaNgram, Sivapootaham, Rajiv Ngr, Ganesh Ngr, Krishna Industrial Estate, Pallavan Ngr, Reddy St and Patel Ngr.Chintadripet: The Hindu, Mount Rd, Telephone Exchange, East Cooum River Rd, Lafond St, Singanna Chetty St, Venkatesa Gramani St, Wets Cooum Rd, Padavattamman Koil St, Eye Hospital, Veerabathran St, Velayudha Chetty St, Navalur Ngr, 11KV Railway HT, Simpson HT Anna Salai, Athipattan St, Gymkhana HT, Garrison Engineer HT, Pallavan Salai, SM Ngr, Pallavan Ngr, Gandhi Ngr, LG Rd, Ulagappa Maistry St, Samy Pandaram St, Dharmaraja St, Washerman St, Sunguvur Agraharam St, Rajagopal St, Old Bungalow St and New Bungalow St.Puzhal: Red Hills GNT Rd, Shanmugapuram, Surapet, Ezhil Ngr, Puzhal, Kavankarai, Pudhu Ngr, Vadakarai, Kannappasamy Ngr, Padianallur, Thandalkazhani, MA Ngr, JP Ngr and Madhavaram High Rd.SIPCOT: Part of Gummidipoondi Sipcot, Sirupuzhai Pettai, Madarpakkam, Arampakkam, Kannankottai , Eguvarpalayam, Elavoor, Pethi Kuppam.Flower Bazaar: Devaraj Mudali St, Rasappa Chetty St and North Ordinance Lane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11918447", "title": "Bangkok on its feet, Delhi gropes in the dark", "text": "NEW DELHI: Thailand was swift off the blocks after bombs ripped through its capital Bangkok, but even 72 hours later, India is still groping for clues.In what can only be called shoddy investigation, Delhi cops picked everything possible from the blast site from the bumper of the car to the tyre with bare hands. However, this doesn't hold true for their Thai counterparts, who handled the probe in a more professional and scientific manner.Bangkok was rocked by similar blasts a day after the Aurangzeb Road attack. While Thailand police officials and forensic experts collected samples and broken pieces from the blast sites dressed in protective gear, sleuths in Delhi were seen carrying evidence in a damaged piece of the diplomat's car. Police officials in Thailand picked up the evidence in a scientific manner and marked the spots properly to recreate the scene.That's not all. The explosion on Aurangzeb Road triggered a fire which burnt the tree above the car. But, investigators didn't collect the samples of the explosive from the tree. While the Thailand police has got the forensic team's report on the type of explosive used, Delhi Police is yet to receive the report.A senior police officer said, \"The Thailand Police had CCTV footage of the suspects. We haven't managed to get a single clue about the bomber from the footage we collected from the area\". In fact, Delhi Police only realized it was a bomb blast, 20 minutes after the explosion. Initially, the cops thought a CNG cylinder had burst in the diplomat's car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11921477", "title": "Vote cast in a jiffy, it was time to catch up with chores", "text": "NAGPUR: It was a quiet and languid Thursday as Nagpur prepared to vote. With establishments closed, and amplifiers and loudspeakers quiet, the city got much desired tranquillity. But there was excitement and expectation and maybe more among those in the fray.A public holiday in the middle of the week can inspire impromptu outings. But many elected to vote and spend rest of the day catching up with sundry chores.Usha Gajbhiye, who works as a cook, was all dressed up for the day. She had started early to be on time to cast her vote. \"I completed my work in the fast half but it was quite a disappointment as there were not many people at my booth when I came here at 4 pm,\" she said.Chhaya Dhotare, who works as a housemaid, was also among the early birds to cast the vote. \"I decided to vote as once we go to work it is difficult to do so. There was a good crowd and it took sometime,\" she said. The slow pace of the day, it being a public holiday gave respite to those who are forever in a rush. Preeti Buty, who runs a school, said, \"Sitting at home we can't bring about any change. For that we will have to take the trouble of going up to the polling booth. I did that today. Later, I caught up with my work as it was surprisingly very peaceful.\"Vikrant Laxane, a software engineer at a private company, said, \"The office was closed so I took my son for a medical check up. But this was after we had cast our vote.\"The day also left many listless as their name was not in the voters' list. Mrinal Bagaitkar, who works as an administrative officer in an automobile company, said, \"I have been suffering from acute guilt for not being able to vote. I feel it is our responsibility to do so, but I am helpless as my name is not in the voters' list.\"Omkar Singh the joint secretary of Gurunanak Darbar said that faulty voting list did trouble many. \"There are five voting members in my family and despite having same address, some had their names in the zone 11 list and others in zone 12 list. I had gone to vote in the afternoon but was surprised to see awfully low turnout. People treated this day as just another holiday,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11919386", "title": "Crumbling Nashik to elect civic body today", "text": "NASHIK: Citizens of a crumbling city weighed down by rising crime and civic apathy will get a chance to vote for a better Nashik, as they cast their ballots for 122 seats in the Nashik Municipal Corporation on Thursday. A total of over 10 lakh eligible voters are expected to exercise their franchise as political pundits and even leaders fear a hung house in the corporation.Abrupt transfers of municipal commissioner B D Sanap and city police commissioner Vinod Lokhande, following an outrage over increasing crime graph and allegations of irregularities in the civic body, have dotted the poll landscape.Politically, there has been a shift in the scenario from 2007 when the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance was voted to power. For this election, the Sena and the BJP have snapped ties to go solo, while the Congress and the NCP have formed a pre-poll alliance. However, the Sena is supported by the Republican Party of India (Athawale faction).Besides, the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS), which was established in 2006 and had made a debut in the NMC in 2007 with 12 seats, is hoping to increase its tally and, at least, play a kingmaker.The fresh political realignments ahead of the civic elections are likely to result in a hung house, with no political party or alliance getting a clear majority in the NMC. The NCP, under the leadership of guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal and his nephew Sameer Bhujbal, who is the Nashik Lok Sabha MP, is making all efforts to wrest power in the NMC from the saffron parties and claims that the pre-poll alliance had given a boost to its political fortunes.The Sena, which has snapped ties with its old ally the BJP, is facing an uphill task with too many foes in the fray, including the formidable rival, the MNS. Sena leaders, however, claim that its pre-poll alliance with the RPI (A) would pay rich dividends.The elections come at a time when the citizens are facing an unending spurt in crimes ranging from chain-snatching and vehicle thefts to robberies and burning vehicles. The deterioration of law and order in the city had prompted Sameer Bhujbal to write letters to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and home minister R R Patil to order a CID probe into the rising crime graph. State election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan, too, had taken note of it by saying that after Gadchiroli, Nashik was the most sensitive place in the entire state in terms of law and order.Besides, in the run-up to the polls, there were allegations of mismanagement of civic affairs not only by the city fathers or civic leaders, but also the then municipal commissioner B D Sanap. He continued to receive flak on various issues like defying the state government over the terms and conditions during acquisition of land for a sewerage treatment plant at Gangapur, passing out the MS-CIT examination and even allegedly defying norms while deciding the venues for polling.PanchavatiPolling to decide the fate of 145 candidates for 24 seats in Panchavati division will be held on Thursday. In Panchavati division, near 2 lakh voters, including 85,605 women will exercise their franchise and decide the fate of145 candidates. The voting will take place at 243 polling stations across all 12 wards in the division.The major candidates in the fray include Bhagwan Bhoge ( Shiv Sena ), Reema Bhoge (Shiv Sena), Mangala Tajane (BJP) and Congress rebel Gurmeet Bagga, challenging the official Congress nominee Dinesh Bachhav, who is the husband of former minister of state Shobha Bachhav.CidcoIn Cidco division, near 2 lakh voters are set to elect its representatives to 22 seats from the 169 contestants. Some of the key contestants from the division include Shivaji Chumbhale from NCP, Praveen Tidme, Sudhakar Badgujar, Lakshman Jaybhave, Apoorva Hiray, Rajendra Mahale, Dileep Datir, Ashwini Boraste, Seema Badade, Kalpana Pande among others.Nashik WestThe Nashik West division mainly comprises areas in the heart of the city, with about 1.6 lakh voters. High profile candidates like Vinayak Pande, Ajay Boraste, Devynai Pharande, Uttam Kamble , Shahu Khaire, Gokul Pingle and Dr Hemlata Patil have made winning in their respective wards a prestige issue.Nashik EastThe division is full of heavyweights with Gajanan Shelar, former president of NMC standing committee Sanjay Chavhan, Chandrakant Khode, Amol Jadhav, Musheeer Sayyed, Shahu Khaire, Naiyya Khaire, Vatsala Khaire, Sachin Marathe staking claim to the seats. Shahu Khaire, Satish Kulkarni and Chandrakant Khode are seeking a fourth time entry into the house. This division with over 2 lakh voters, barring a few wards will see a keen contest among the candidates for the 24 seats on offer.SatpurThe Satpur division has 1.2 lakh voters who will elect 14 corporators. The key contestants include Congress leader Dinkar Patil, Shashikant Jadhav (MNS), Sena's Rajendra Nagre, Ashok Gavli (Sena), and RPI (A) leader Prakash Londhe.Nashik RoadNearly 2 lakh voters are getting ready to elect 24 members from a total of 202 contestants from their wards. The high profile candidates from this division include outgoing mayor Naina Gholap, Dinkar Adhav (NCP) and Maya Dive (Congress).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11920828", "title": "BJP harps on caste and development", "text": "LUCKNOW: BJP national president Nitin Gadkari and senior leader LK Advani played both caste and development cards at a rally in the city on Thursday.Addressing a public meeting in Kapoorthala area, Gadkari announced BJP won't allow slashing of the OBC quota for minorities ' reservation. \"In fact, no party can do that, even though all are fooling people,\" he said. Slamming the Mayawati government , Gadkari said that it lacked vision and development was the government's last priority. Gadkari also hit out at Congress, saying it was handin-glove with both BSP and SP.Advani pointed to BJP-ruled states of Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat as model states, saying UP deserved the same. He flayed Congress, accusing it of fuelling corruption. Advani's accusations coincided with the unveiling of a book on 'Scams at a Glance' by BJP's Kirit Somaiyya , who claimed the scams were to the tune of about Rs 10 lakh crore.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11919035", "title": "\u2018Consumer shouldn\u2019t suffer in power firm switch\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court has directed Reliance Infrastructure (RInfra) and Tata Power Company (TPC) to ensure that a consumer faces no hurdles while changing a power supplier.The court was hearing a writ petition filed by suburban resident Himanshu Kumar Sarkar, who wanted to switch to TPC. However, the process to offer him a new connection was allegedly stalled on grounds of RInfra's tussle with TPC before the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC).In October 2011, RInfra accused TPC of laying its own lines for some consumers of the former who wanted to switch over to the latter. RInfra described this as \"cherry-picking\" of consumers in the light of the MERC directive that TPC would use the RInfra network for being a parallel supplier in the same area and not duplicate it.RInfra allegedly stopped the process from its side and filed a petition before the MERC. This delayed about 140 applications by consumers who wanted to switch to TPC. RInfra, through letters to consumers, said they would not be able to cooperate till MERC had resolved the matter.Sarkar then filed cases against both RInfra and TPC citing MERC's changeover protocol of October 15, 2009. It stated that the period for offering a new connection after changeover should not exceed 30 days. RInfra and TPC were to conduct a joint meter reading but the process was delayed due to their tussle.Hearing the matter, Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Ranjit More said on February 13: \"In our view, whatever may be the issues that Reliance Energy may have raised before MERC vis-a-vis the arrangements made between Reliance Energy and TPC, a consumer should not be dragged into such proceedings. Once the protocol by MERC permits migration and the consumer has done everything that is required to be done by him, any difference of opinion between the two licencees should not cause any prejudice to the consumer... the consumer should not be threatened with disconnection of electricity supply on grounds of pendency of differences between the two licencees and any proceedings before MERC in that behalf.\"RInfra had alleged before MERC that the \"cherry-picking\" of consumers was not only against the commission's orders but was also causing the company a loss, making it financially unviable to offer its network to TPC consumers. RInfra had contended that TPC should be asked to lay its own network of wires first and then start supply, or be stopped from \"cherry-picking\" till the time its network came up fully under the open-access rule, which was yet to be enacted.TPC, on its part, clarified before the MERC that it was always ready to lay its network but was not being allowed to do so by the commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11919753", "title": "Eat healthy during exams to fair better", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As the Indian Certificate for Secondary Education ( ICSE) board's examinations have began and Central Board for Secondary Education (CBSE) board's will soon join in, the stress level among students have been shooting up causing anxiety and irregular eating habits. While some eat more under pressure, other's completely ignore it, which may make them sluggish, lead to infections and have an impact on their performance. City dieticians talk to Times of India to help the parents plan the right diet for their child during exams.Ekta Bajaj, a dietician from Panjab University says, \"I would recommend 5 to 6 light protein rich meals and avoid fatty fried food as it puts them to sleep. Small meals would help them stay awake and will improve concentration. For proteins, students must eat almonds.\"It is necessary to eat a light breakfast before an exam to avoid feeling drowsy later, she adds. Ekta says students may take tea or coffee to stay awake through late night but not in excess as it would affect their proper sleep.PGI dietician Madhu Sharma says, \"Junk food adds to the lethargy and slows down learning process. And switching to a healthy diet just before the exams wouldn't help as students need to eat healthy through out the year. Continuous eating will divert their concentration while studying.\"Even CBSE had taken out a booklet on stress management for students which mentions the right diet to be taken during exams. Rather than caffeine-based beverages, students must consume health drink fortified with micronutrients and vitamins, says the booklet.Food rich in carbohydrates, proteins, vitamins and minerals should be included students diet. Whole grain cereals such as oatmeal, pulses, nuts, milk and milk products, fresh fruits, green leafy vegetables provide the needed nutrition, suggests CBSE through its booklet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11919642", "title": "Youth traced through Facebook", "text": "PANCHKULA: A social networking site helped police trace an 18-year-old BTech student, who is a resident of Sector 14, and had run away from home, blaming his parents of nagging him. He was traced to Ambala late on Thursday night with the help of his updates on Facebook.It was on January 7 that Gaurav Rawal went missing from his place. This is for the first time that the police have traced someone through a social networking site in Panchkula. \"Gaurav had started working in a private firm in Ambala, from where he was traced,\"said inspector Aman Kumar, station house officer of the Sector 14 police station.\"He was in touch with his friends on the social networking site and had also told them that he would return home, only when he had made something of his life. We were able to locate him through the website,\" said inspector Aman Kumar, station house officer of the Sector 14 police station. Rawal's friends too had asked him to find place for them to live in as even they wanted to leave their homes. Kumar added, \"From his messages it was clear that he used to get upset when his parents complained about him getting less marks.\" Gaurav is a student of Swami Devi Dayal College, Barwala, from where he has been absenting himself for the last over a month. He also skipped his exams that were scheduled for February 10. Rawal's parents are working with the tourism department.\"It's usual for parents to ask their child where he was and when would he be returning home after his classes. And we never used to say much about his marks. We just wanted him to be perfect. He dealt with every problem responsibly. I don't know why he got upset and left home,\" said Gaurav's father, Ram Nath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11919835", "title": "Traffic diversion in Panaji for Carnival on Saturday", "text": "PANAJI: With the Carnival float parade to be held in Panaji on Saturday from 3pm, police have ordered traffic diversions that will come into effect at 2pm.The floats will assemble near the Santa Monica jetty and will line up in front of the old Secretariat building. The float route is D B Marg along the river from old Secretariat to Kala Academy.Once the parade ends, the floats will be parked at the Campal football ground. Traffic police said no route buses, heavy and other commercial vehicles will be allowed to ply in either direction from the start to end of the parade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11924380", "title": "Kamal Haasan is not teaming up with Rajinikanth", "text": "Kamal Haasan is not going to team up with Rajinikanth contrary to the rumours floating on the internet. Earlier today, a leading Mumbai based tabloid published an article quoting Kamal Haasan that he's planning to revive Marudhanayagam, which was shelved several years ago. What more, he's even planning to approach Rajinikanth for a role in the film. However, Kamal Haasan's manager has clarified that Kamal hasn't given any such interview to the tabloid. Apparently, such rumours have been floating around in the media for more than 15 years. Meanwhile, Kamal Haasan is busy wrapping up his film Vishwaroopam and he'll then begin working on Thalaivan Irukkindran, which will be produced by Aascar Ravichandran.Source: 123telugu.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11926358", "title": "Imran Khan's 'Jat'-pat tactic!", "text": "Imran Khan seems to be following mamajaan Aamir Khan's footsteps. The actor is dedicating all his time getting into the skin of his character for Vishal Bhardwaj's next film.Imran Khan has started shooting for Vishal Bhardwaj's forthcoming film Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Bandola in which the actor plays a Jat. It is believed that the actor has undergone some changes to play this role.Apparently, he has been asked to put on some weight for this role. Apart from that, Imran was also asked to learn Haryanvi to get the dialect right. But Imran failed to do that due to the hectic promotions of his recently released Ekk Main Aur Ek Tu.However, his director suggested a smart way to get this work done. The actor has been given recordings of dialogues by a real Jat. Thus the actor is seen with his iPod everywhere he goes. He has been intently listening to the dialogues and is often heard attempting to repeat them in authentic Jat style everywhere.It can be recalled that before this Vishal made Saif learn the Khariboli dialect for the character of Kesu Firangi in Omkara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "11920693", "title": "Shootout in Amritsar school, 3 hurt", "text": "AMRITSAR: Gunshots rang across a government school in Amritsar when two groups of students - belonging to class 11 and 12 - opened fire on each other, leaving three injured.The firing occurred around 11am after the students clashed just as they entered Bhagalikalaan Government Senior Secondary School. Rattled students ran helter skelter as shots were fired.Three students - Shehbaj Singh, Lovepreet Singh and Parampreet Singh - received bullet injuries to their legs and feet. They were rushed to the hospital.Police officials said that shots were fired from two pistols allegedly by two students, who fled the spot.Cops said the firing was the fallout of an altercation between two groups of students of class 11 and 12.Earlier, a clash had broken out in the class. Later, there was a scuffle between two groups armed with pistols and hockey sticks in the school courtyard, sources said.SHO Majitha police station Major Singh said that the two groups were students of the same school. It was triggered due to an old animosity.\"Bullet hit the lower limb of the students. The culprits managed to escape,\" he said. He added a case has been registered and probe was on. \"The principal of the school and teachers weren't aware of the simmering animosity between the students' groups and the ensuing clash. It was a shock for them too. The classmates were aware of the old animosity but even they didn't expect that the altercation could take such a violent shape,\" said Gursewak Singh, DSP Rural.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11919709", "title": "Man robbed of '1 lakh, escapes being kidnapped", "text": "PANCHKULA: A 29-year-old resident of Sector 7, Panchkula, was robbed of Rs 1 lakh and an attempt was made to kidnap the latter on Thursday morning, by around eight to nine unidentified youths near Indradhanush Auditorium, Sector 5, Panchkula. According to the complainant, Nitin Modi, he had gone to get petrol filled in his car when he was forcibly stopped by these youths in two cars, and a kidnap attempt was made.\"I was on my way to the petrol pump when about eight to nine youths with covered faces in two cars forcibly stopped me. One of them got out of the car, the only one with uncovered face, and snatched my car keys so that I don't drive away. The others tried to force me into the car in order to kidnap me. In the meantime, Rs 1 lakh, which was a loan returned by one of my friend, fell from my pocket,\" said Modi, in his complaint. According to Modi, it was after some boys who were playing in the ground nearby noticed the incident and rushed to the spot that the youths took the cash and fled. \"I felt suspicious even in the morning when I was reading newspaper outside in the verandah of my house. The person who snatched my car keys was observing me from outside. When I went outside he fled, but later followed me,\" added Modi.A case under sections 379 (theft), 365 (kidnapping) and 511 (attempt) has been registered at the Sector-5 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "11918310", "title": "Panchayat samiti candidate attacked", "text": "KEONJHAR: A panchayat samiti candidate of Basantpur gram panchayat within Bamebari police limits was attacked on Wednesday night.The victim, Santanu Barik of Basantpur village, was admitted to Keonjhar district headquarters hospital after the attack. The incident took place when the candidate was campaigning in his village. The elections are on Friday. Two persons, Bailochan Mohanta and Mangalu Mohanta, were arrested. \"The accused were arrested and sent to court on Thursday. We are alert after the incident,\" said S Tappo, IIC of Bamebari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11925903", "title": "NCTC: Mamata, non-Congress CMs oppose it; Centre tries to allay fears", "text": "NEW DELHI: The plan for creation of the ambitious National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC) has come under attack from non-Congress Chief Ministers, including ally Trinamool Congress , but the Centre rejected criticism that it would infringe on the states' powers.West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee joined Odisha Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik in opposing the setting up of the anti-terror body and wrote a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh asking him to \"review and withdraw\" the decision.Expressing concern that the NCTC would infringe on the federal rights of states, Banerjee had said: \"It is difficult for the state government to accept such arbitrary exercise of power by the central government/central agency, which have a bearing on the rights and privilege of the states as enshrined in the Constitution of India\".Banerjee's letter was released by Patnaik's office in Bhubaneswar. Patnaik himself slammed the creation of the counter-terror body saying the UPA government is issuing \"authoritarian orders\" without consulting the states.Patnaik, earlier this week, had written to non-Congress Chief Ministers and leaders including J Jayalalitha ( Tamil Nadu ), Nitish Kumar ( Bihar ) and TDP chief and former Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu against the Centre's move.\"My concern is the authoritarian notification with draconian overtones about law and order among others in which the state governments have not been consulted,\" Patnaik said.Reacting to the criticism, Union Home Secretary R K Singh said the NCTC is in national interest and there was no need to consult the states prior to notification of the NCTC as it was being established under the existing laws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11919195", "title": "Handloom sector to be reformed", "text": "PATNA: The Centre in association with the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) has launched a scheme, 'Revival, Reform and Restructuring Package for Handloom Sector'. The scheme would be implemented starting with the current financial year with a total outlay of Rs 3,884 crore, said Nabard public relations officer (PRO) M Jha here on Thursday.Jha said the idea for the scheme was mooted by the Union finance minister in his 2011-12 budget speech. He said that the new scheme, which would be implemented through Nabard, is likely to benefit 15,000 cooperative societies and three lakh weavers across the country.Jha said that funds will be provided for repayment of 100 percent of principal and 25 percent interest as on date of loan becoming NPA which is overdue as on March 31, 2010, in respect of viable and potentially viable primary weavers cooperative societies and apex societies. He said that individual handloom weavers, master weavers, Self-Help Group (SHGs) and joint liability groups (JLGs), who have taken loans for handloom weaving purposes, would also be covered provided the banks agree to sanction fresh loans. Jha said that there would be an overall ceiling of Rs 50,000 per beneficiary as far as funding under this scheme is concerned in respect of waiver of dues of individual handloom weavers.The PRO said that the government had further approved an interest subvention of three percent for three years to be extended from the date of disbursal of the fresh loan advanced by banks to the eligible handloom cooperative societies and individual handloom weavers covered under the scheme. The interest subvention would not be available after the date on which a loan becomes non-performing asset. Out of the Rs 3,884 crore, the share of the government of India will be Rs 3,137 crore and that of the state governments will be Rs 747 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11919838", "title": "Workshop on bio-medical waste", "text": "KANPUR: The university institute of para-medical sciences, medical pollution control committee and Indian Medical Association jointly organized a workshop on management of bio-medical waste on Thursday.The workshop was inaugurated by CSMU V-C Ashok Kumar , who spoke about the hazardous impact of bio-medical waste on the population. It was due to ignorance and lack of rules and laws that the bio-medical waste is not upto the mark.IMA secretary Pankaj Gulati said that the idea of the workshop is to help understand the status of hazardous bio-medical waste management and find ways to bridge the gap in the current system.The workshop was attended by representatives of pollution control board, environment and health departments, urban local bodies and others.Talking about the Bio-medical Waste Management and Handling Rule-998, Vinay Verma, secretary of medical pollution control committee said, \"All those who are directly or indirectly associated with the handling, manufacturing, receiving, storage, transport or disposal of bio-medical waste come under this rule. Even human anatomical waste, animal waste, waste of medical instruments are also part of bio-medical waste.\"June 16 is observed as 'Bio-medical waste day'.The experts told the students about proper disposal of bio-medical waste and its management through slide shows.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "the old proverb 'family that eats together... stays together ' is right no doubt. but here is some food for thought", "code": "11920557", "title": "Your child a fussy eater? blame TV, junk food", "text": "The old proverb 'Family that eats together... stays together ' is right no doubt. But here is some food for thought: for Bangalore kids, when eating together comes with a dose of TV, it means it is not good for them. A survey conducted by a nutrition product manufacturing company has revealed that about 76% of families in the city eat together at the dining table, but they watch television while having their meals, which has made children fussy eaters.The figures, if compared to Delhi (98%), Chennai (92%) and Mumbai (88%) look far more better, but the researcher said the trend is still alarming. 64% of the children with fussy-eating habits were in the age group of 3-4 years, while other 36% fell in the age group of 6-7 years.The study conducted by Abbott Nutrition and IPSOS, a marketing research company, interviewing 195 mothers from affluent families in the city, said that 76% of them feel that their children are picky eaters and over 80 % (more than 155) of them agreed that they were worried about their children's nutritional requirements.The survey has cautioned the family against watching TV while having their meals together with children. It said that children had become fussy eaters because of watching TV at the time of meals and demanding junk food. \"41% (80 mothers) felt that junk food majorly contributed to fussy eating habits. When we surveyed the mothers, they said that children eat lot of junk food, accompanied with watching TV most of the time and that made them fussy eaters,\" said Vidya Sen, executive director, IPSOS.In all, 95% mothers also believed that due to fussy eating the children were showing signs of fatigue and lethargy and were susceptible to cold and cough, said the survey.The survey was conducted in January this year to find the reason behind fussy-eating habits among children and it revealed that junk food and TV are the biggest culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11918909", "title": "Work on expanding City Center Metro parking lot begins", "text": "NOIDA: The increasing number of vehicles at the City Center Metro station spilling over the pavement and road has finally caught the attention of the Noida Authority and it has begun to renovate and expand the existing parking area in sector 32.While the Authority had completed the tender process for the expansion and renovation work months before implementation of the model code of conduct, the plan had been lying in limbo. However, following repeated complaints from residents and commuters frequenting the City Center area, the Authority finally began work on the expansion of the parking lot. Spread across an area of 3,000 sqm, the existing parking lot has a capacity to house 300 cars and 800 two-wheelers. The Authority is now expanding the parking area almost by double and also concretizing the entire area.\"The upgraded parking lot will be spread across 6,000 sqm. It will cater to around 1,500 two-wheelers and 500 four-wheelers,\" said an Authority official. \"Once the upgrading work is over, we are certain that the parking woes around the City Center Metro station will reduce considerably,\" he added.This Metro station is one of the busiest areas in the city and hundreds of vehicles are parked there every day. The increasing rush, however, has become a major cause of trouble for the Metro station management as well as regular commuters. People park their vehicles haphazardly outside the defined area, which creates inconvenience for others.The expansion and renovation work will be completed in about three months, say Noida Authority officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11918530", "title": "Compensate rape victim: Court to state", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a first, a sessions court has ordered the state government to take care of welfare of a minor rape victim and compensate her under the provision of the scheme of Criminal Injuries Relief and Rehabilitation Board for rape victims.The court direction has come within a month of the state government's notification with regard to the formation of such boards at the state and district level on directions issued by the Supreme Court to extend support to rape victims. The court has asked the government to implement the order as soon as the board starts functioning.Additional sessions judge Jyotsnaben Yagnik issued these directions to the state women's commission, additional principal secretary of social welfare department and the government to compensate the rape victim, who is just six-and-a-half-year-old girl in this case.Additional public prosecutor M G Kapadia said that in this case the court convicted a 22-year-old accused Govindbhai Devipujak for raping the minor on January 14, last year, in Isanpur area of the city. The youth was given life imprisonment and fined with Rs 11,000. The court also directed the registry to pay Rs 10,000 from the amount received from the convict to the victim towards compensation.While punishing the rape accused, the court observed that courts cannot overlook the effects on the rape victims in times when violence against women and particularly incidents of sexual assault against minor girls are alarmingly on the increase. If lighter punishment is awarded to accused, it would send a wrong signal to the society. Hence, courts should deal with the issue in a sensitive and serious manner, the judge observed. The court, however, acquitted the youth of charges of kidnapping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11919161", "title": "Japan firm to design Bihar Museum", "text": "PATNA: Japan's Maki &amp; Associates along with Mumbai's Opolis Architects will develop the architectural design of the proposed Bihar Museum on Bailey Road in the city. The project is scheduled to be completed by March 2015.Giving this information, state art and culture minister Sukhda Pandey said on Thursday the two firms were selected from among 26 agencies which had applied for the assignment. \"The government has also identified 35 acres of land in Vaishali district for developing Buddha Museum,\" she said and added the holy relics of Lord Buddha, presently kept in the Patna Museum, would be shifted to the Vaishali museum.The minister further said an open-air sculpture park would soon be developed on the campus of Patna Museum. A cafeteria will also be opened there. \"Facilities for drinking water and toilets are also being developed on the museum premises,\" said museum director U C Dwivedi.An exhibition, which will showcase major events and developments of Bihar during the last 100 years, will begin at the Patna Museum on Friday, the minister said and added the exhibition would remain open for visitors till March 22.The state directorate of museums has also initiated a drive to document rare manuscripts for its preservation. A move has also been made to map the archaeological sites in Vaishali and Nalanda districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11919576", "title": "MC admits lack of parking space, seeks public help", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Municipal corporation on Thursday admitted that parking areas in the city are insufficient keeping in view the number of vehicles, seeking public cooperation to ensure better management of parking areas.In connection with a petition filed in a local court regarding parking problems faced by the residents of the city, municipal corporation (MC) on Thursday maintained that they were doing enough to check the problem. However, lawyer Pankaj Chandgothia had filed a petition saying that the paid parking system had become a public nuisance in the city as there was chaos and mismanagement, last year.\"It is a known fact that the parking area in the city is insufficient keeping in view the number of vehicles, yet the answering respondent is regularly doing its statutory duty,\" said Sunil Bhatia, additional commissioner-I, Chandigarh MC, in defence. The reply was submitted in the court of Judge Pritpal Singh by Bhatia on behalf of the MC on Thursday. \"It is denied that the MC has failed in their duty to create more additional parking space. The parking areas are constructed as per plans issued by the chief architect,\" the reply added.In his petition, Chandgothia had contended that the paid parking system had become a public nuisance as there was total chaos and mismanagement in the paid parking areas. He said there were no CCTV cameras, the attendants do not wear uniform or carry any identity cards and did not undergo police verification before joining the duty. In his reply, Bhatia had also stated that the defaulting licencees or contractors of paid parking areas are frequently challaned for the violation of terms and conditions of paid parking areas.\"CCTV cameras are installed and when they are found non-functional, penal action is taken against the contractor. The attendants are supposed to wear proper uniform and name plate, otherwise the licencee is penalized. Public cooperation is also required for proper use of the parking areas,\" stated Chandgothia.Next date of the hearing is slated for March 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11924102", "title": "Siddarth happy with the U certificate", "text": "Siddarth's bilingual Love Failure (Telugu) and Kadhalil Sodhappuvadhu Eppadi (Tamil) has been awarded with an U certificate. The actor who turns a producer with this film is happy that the censor board officials did not advocate any cuts for the film.Love Failure and Kadhalil Sodhappuvadhu Eppadi is a romantic flick that stars Siddarth and Amala Paul as the lead pair. Thaman has scored the music for this film.This film happens to be Siddarth's Etaki Productions maiden venture and the star is excited about his new avatar as a producer.Debut director Balaji Mohan who has several short films to his credit has directed Love Failure and Kadhalil Sodhappuvadhu Eppadi.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11923963", "title": "Samantha's plate is packed", "text": "The Neethaane En Ponvasantham heroine, Samantha, is clear about one thing, she will not be signing any new Tamil film this year.The heroine believes that she's enough and more on her plate as of now. Says Samantha, \"I will not be signing any new film in Tamil this year. I already have my trilingual with Gautham Menon , Neethaane En Ponvasantham, which is yet to be completed. My next Tamil film, Kadal, for Mani Ratnam sir, was to have begun this month, but it has been postponed due to the ongoing strike in Kollywood.\"And she also lists that she has many Telugu projects too. \"I already have two films in Telugu, one with Ram Charan Teja and the other with Siddharth. I also need to work on some patchwork scenes for the multistarrer Seethamma Vaakitlo Sirimalle Chettu. I've got the release of Eega (Naan Ee) too,\" lists out Samantha, who justifies why she's such a busybee this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11920269", "title": "Budget website hacked, data remains untouched", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a major embarrassment to the state government on the eve of budget, hackers on Thursday broke into a server, maintained by information technology (IT) department, and added pages to websites of 27 government departments, including the crucial budget.ap.gov.in. The hackers, apparently from a foreign location, posted messages in Urdu and English.The hacker created additional pages dz.htm and x.htm and named himself as BBOY1, sources in the information technology and communications department said.The important government orders site goir.ap.gov.in was also hacked and additional pages dz.htm and x.htm were added, the sources said.The websites were \"temporarily shut down for facilitating incidence response and analysis\" but the sites have not been defaced nor was data affected, the IT&C; department said in an official release.At around 11.30 am, officials discovered that additional webpage was added to these websites. What has caused concern in the administration was the fact that the hacker(s) broke into the State Data Centre (SDC) maintained by Wipro at the financial district.\"The hacking has happened in three stages: the State Data Centre, the government servers and the websites of different departments like general administration, commercial taxes, horticulture, remote and interior areas development, and government gazettes. The hacking has been done from a foreign location going by the algorithms used,\" a senior official of IT&C; department said.Chief secretary Pankaj Dwivedi directed additional director general (CID) SV Ramana Murthy to investigate the crime. The Cyber Crime wing of CID swung into action and began investigation.As per normal practice, the budget data is uploaded on to the website and stored in a 'virtual location' within the same domain hours ahead. Once it is presented in the Assembly, the entire content is 'migrated' to the actual page for open access.Initially, there was fear that the hackers might have accessed the budget report, . Finance department officials, however, maintained that no data related to the 2012-13 budget was uploaded on the website yet. They were unwilling to say whether any data has been uploaded to the virtual location on the website.Finance minister Anam Ramanarayana Reddy, who is scheduled to present the budget in the Assembly at 12.10 pm, said there was no possibility of any leakage of budget data. \"The hacking of the website will not hamper my budget presentation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11918778", "title": "Sikhs demand justice from CM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Members of the Sikh community on Thursday held a protest outside chief minister Sheila Dikshit's residence, demanding that no leniency be shown to 1984 riot convict Kishori Lal. Earlier, Lt Governor Tejendra Khanna had decided to commute the life sentence of Lal, which has now been reversed. Khanna has now asked the State Review Board (SRB) to review Lal's plea even as senior officers in the L-G's office denied having given any approval to commuting the sentence.The protesters, which included relatives of victims of the riots, shouted slogans against Khanna and Delhi Government and demanded that no leniency be showed to Lal, who was sentenced to life imprisonment. Following opposition from a section of Sikh community, Khanna asked Delhi's 'Sentence Review Board' to review Lal's case on Wednesday.\"We staged the protest outside Dikshit's residence as she was also a part of the decision making process to commute life sentence of Lal,\" said Tawant Singh, general secretary of Delhi unit of Shiromoni Akali Dal (Badal).Lal, a former butcher, had been sentenced to death in at least five cases by the lower courts for stabbing to death several people during riots. SC, however, commuted them to life terms later.A former butcher, 48-year-old Lal became infamous as 'Butcher of Trilokpuri' and has already spent 16-years in jail. \"His case, along with the others, was sent to the L-G because of his good conduct in jail. He has already spent several years in jail and has a chance to lead a reformed life outside jail, which is the aim of the jail,\" said a jail source.Tihar Jail authorities had recommended to SRB to commute the sentence. SRB had then forwarded it to Khanna last year for consideration.Protests were also witnessed outside Karkardooma Court complexon Thursday, against the attempts for early release of a 1984 anti-sikh riots convict. It is in this Court that all other 84 riots related cases are being tried.Victims families and other supporters held a peaceful demonstration to express their shock. Police officials, deployed outside the court managed the demonstration, which ended after raising of few slogans. Talking on the issue, H S Phoolka, a senior advocate who also represents the victims of the 1984 anti-sikh riots, condemned the decision of the sentence review board calling it arbitrary. \"its an arbitrary decision. Where one one hand, a convict is in jail for the past 21 years on the ground that it was a case of multiple murder and two life sentenced had been given to him, here a 1984 anti-sikh riots convict who killed so many people is getting a relief. It is a sad situation and government needs to take a stand on it,\" Phoolka said.The Tihar jail authorities had recommended to State Review Board to commute life sentence of Lal lodged there since 1996, and release him on the grounds of good conductand certain other criteria. Tihar jail authorities had submitted to the SRB that the sentences of 36 life convicts, including Lal's, be commuted. After the perusal of the cases by the SRB, which then sent a list of shortlisted cases from the said 36 for L-G's approval, the life sentence of 15 convicts, including Lal, was commuted by the Lt Governor earlier this month, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "11918467", "title": "Maoist bandh disrupts traffic in Kandhamal", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Traffic was disrupted in Maoist-hit areas of Kandhamal district on Thursday, the first day of the two-day bandh call given by the CPI (Maoist) Ghumusara division in Ganjam and Kandhamal districts.The bandh call was given by the Left-wing extremists in protest against the recent arrest of their three cadres, including two of Chhattisgarh by Ganjam police. Three cadres, including two women, were arrested when they were going for the medical check-up of one of the women, police said.There was no vehicle at Daringibadi, Bramhanigaon and Kotagarh in Kandhamal district. Shops and business establishments also downed shutters in response to the bandh call. Government offices and educational institutions were running as usual, an officer said.The bandh, however, failed to create an impact in Ganjam district. The passenger buses were plying as usual while shops and business establishments were open in Maoist-hit Badagarh and Sorada areas.The state-owned Odisha State Road Transport Corporation (OSRTC) decided not to ply their long-route buses via Phulabani and Baliguda for two days because of the bandh call.\"We will not operate the buses via Phulbani and Baliguda in the next two days,\" said station master, OSRTC, Berhampur unit, A K Mishra.Around 20 long-distance vehicles run through Phulbani and 15 vehicles of OSRTC ply via Baliguda everyday. Several private operators also decided not to operate their vehicles on these routes out of fear.Security was tightened in both districts following the bandh call given by Red rebels while elections for the three-tier panchayats were going on in both the districts.The elections for the fourth phase will be held at 1111 booths in four blocks of Ganjam and three blocks of Kandhamal district on Friday, the last day of two-day bandh.Security was tightened in the Maoist-hit areas, while combing operation continued in the district, said SP (Kandhamal) J N Pankaj. Security measures have also been taken for the free and fair elections in the blocks, which will go to poll on Friday.The elections will be held at Phulbani, Phiringia and Khajuripada blocks in the fourth phase.Similar steps were also taken in Ganjam district, particularly where the elections will be held, said a senior police officer.Besides Sorada, a Maoist-hit block, elections will be held at Belaguntha, Chhatrapur and Ganjam blocks on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11924271", "title": "Mollywood actresses on singing spree", "text": "Malayalam film heroines are a talented lot. The number of them bagging playback singing deals has surprised the industry as well as the audience.Actress Mamta Mohandas , who kickstarted the trend, even won an award for her song in the Telugu film 'Rakhi'. Since then, she has sung Daddy Mummy ('Villu') and Priyankari ('Thriller'), which turned out to be hits.Recent add-ons are actresses Remya Nambeesan and Bhama.Remya's playback singing debut, a song called Aande Londe, for P Balachandran's 'Ivan Megharoopan', has won her yet another offer - a number for actor-director Vineeth Sreenivasan's upcoming flick 'Thattathin Marayathu'.Meanwhile, it was a devotional song in the album Maya Madhavam, which put actress Bhama on the list of playback singers. She has recently sung the title song for a children's film called 'Meow Meow Karimpoocha'.Actress Kavya Madhavan, who has crooned on stage plenty of times, will also be making a debut of sorts. \"Kavya mentioned she was working on a music album. Once that is out, she may get a lot more playback singing offers. Who knows, I may consider taking her on for a couple of numbers too,\" says music director Sharath.Actress Meera Nandan , a singer herself, is also awaiting offers for playback singing.Good luck, ladies!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11919131", "title": "Festival of 'democracy' celebrated mostly in dreary slums", "text": "NAGPUR: Bhur Mohammed Khan (name changed) lives in a shanty in Takia slums in Dhantoli area. He ekes out a livelihood as a loader. He was not let down by the candidates contesting the polls from Jail Ward.Khan, his wife and parents have received Rs 2,000 from a candidate on Thursday morning. Besides, his wife had literally stopped cooking since last four days, as a candidate contesting civic elections had arranged for two meals for all slum dwellers.The situation is same in other slum areas, including Pandhrabodi, Hill Top, Mominpura, Bhandewadi, Ramabai Ambedkar Nagar, Mecosabagh slums. The voters of these areas were seen in 'high spirits' as political parties and candidates find various ways to satisfy voter expectations.According to the voters, candidates had distributed liquor, mobile handsets, mobile recharge coupons, non-vegetarian feasts, besides an abundance of promises. With all these freebies, slum dwellers showed their enthusiasm in exercising their right to franchise.Even influential candidates contesting from prabhags where slum population matters a lot were on their toes and keeping a strict vigil on these vote banks.TOI spotted BJP candidate Sandip Joshi, NCP candidate Munna Jaiswal, independent candidate Parinay Fuke, NCP candidates Prakash Gajbhiye and Rajesh Mate, BJP candidate Devendra Mehar and Congress candidate Raman Paigwar visiting the slums on two-wheelers.In Takia, there was a festive mood as voters came dressed in their 'Sunday best' up to the polling booths to cast their ballot. Senior citizens of the slums too showed keen interest in casting their vote.\"The voters in the slums play an extremely crucial role in making or breaking the fortunes of candidates, since the voting percentage in slums is generally much higher than in affluent areas. Hence, it is logical for a candidate to focus more on the slum pockets,\" admitted BJP candidate from Jail Ward Sandip Joshi. His wards too is largely made up of slum dwellers.Raju Sheikh, a resident of Mominpura slums, did not have to go looking for work as a daily labourer for the past week. He was getting an allowance of Rs 200 daily while campaigning for a national party. There were many like him, showed a quick, random survey of other areas.NCP candidate from Jail ward Munna Jaiswal also made arrangements for lunch for slum-dwellers in Takia. Similarly, an independent candidate from Hill Top is reported to have given Rs 500, hidden inside a book, to slum residents after they cast their votes.A woman slum dweller from Chunabhatti (Ajni), said that she and other womenfolk have already received saris as gifts from a candidate. \"The candidate's men arrived at our slum on Wednesday night and checked our voter I-cards before distributing saris,\" she reveals.Though West Nagpur witnessed a miserable turnout for NMC polls, the situation was completely different in Ramabai Ambedkar Nagar slums in Jaitala. Till 2.30, the polling percentage at booths located at St Joseph Vidyalaya was between 45-50%, which can be considered impressive as other areas witnessed only between 20-25% polling.Ramabai Ambedkar Nagar slum, considered to be a stronghold of leader of opposition Vikas Thakre, was in the limelight last week over a petition in the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court alleging illegality in voters list.Even in slum areas of Khamla and Danteshwari near Deo Nagar, voting percentage was impressive, which was a slap on the face of literate people in upmarket areas of West Nagpur who skipped their fundamental right and duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11921109", "title": "Two-day seminar begins today", "text": "MYSORE: The JSS Pharmacy College will organize a two-day national seminar on 'e-CTD Submission, Challenges and Future Perspectives' in Sri Rajendra Auditorium on Friday and Saturday.The program will focus on various aspects of drug registration process in developed and developing countries. Over 125 delegates from across the country are expected to take part in the national seminar. During the two-day seminar, Parjat Nandy will speak on Academic Collaboration To Accelerate Drug Development; Divya Shenoy will speak on e-CTD Electronic Common Technical Document, Sandhya Santosh will deliver a talk on e-CTD Submission in Europe and AG Raghu will talk on Evolving Drug Master File-Challenges. Mruthunjaya P Kulenur, registrar, JSS University, will inaugurate the national seminar while Parijat Nandy, director of Clinical and Regulatory, Semler Research Centre, Bangalore will be the guest of honour, H G Shivakumar, principal, JSS College of Pharmacy, Mysore will preside over the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11918319", "title": "Speeding car kills two children and driver", "text": "NEW DELHI: A speeding Santro killed three persons, including two children, in Jharoda, southwest Delhi, on Thursday afternoon. The victims were identified as Prashant (7) and Himanshu (8), students of a government school. Driver Jai Om, who was a realtor from Gurgaon, was declared brought dead at the hospital.The incident took place around 1pm when the children were returning from school. \"The driver lost control and probably spotted them at the last moment. He tried to avoid them but failed and rammed into a residential building,\" a cop said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11919863", "title": "UAV crashes at Visakhapatnam", "text": "NEW DELHI: A naval spy drone, a Searcher-II of Israeli-origin, crashed into a hill while returning from a surveillance sortie during an exercise at Visakhapatnam on Thursday afternoon. \"There were no casualties or damage on the ground. A Board of Inquiry has been ordered to ascertain the exact reason behind the crash,'' said an officer.With UAVs emerging as a modern force-multiplier in modern-day warfare, Indian armed forces have inducted well over 100 drones, both for their snooping as well as targeting capabilities, since the 1999 Kargil conflict.Compared to the many more inductions in the Army and the IAF, the Navy currently has eight Searcher-II and four Herons, which are being used for maritime surveillance up to 200 nautical miles, with another two Herons being ordered from Israel . The armed forces have also inducted some Israeli Harpy and Harop `killer' UAVs, which are capable of loitering over targets before they explode into them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11920754", "title": "You can shop while waiting for your bus", "text": "BANGALORE: That endless wait for public transport is likely to be livened up soon with movie viewing and shopping binges. Thanks to a BMTC endeavour, bus depots at Hebbal, Jayanagar 9th Block and Kathriguppe will get a makeover with traffic and transit management centres (TTMCs) housing swanky malls and commercial establishments. BMTC will call for bids to develop the three depots into transportation hubs as a PPP endeavour and design, build, finance, operate and transfer (DBFOT) basis.COMPLETE MAKEOVER \"We are unlocking the land value of BMTC assets. These TTMCs will be equipped with adequate bus bays and parking facilities, besides exploring commercial opportunities,\" said KR Sreenivasa, MD, BMTC.\"The proposal has attracted the attention of infrastructure companies and developers. Ramky Infrastructure, for instance, has won the bid to build and manage Hebbal depot through a competitive bidding process,\" a company official said.Concession period for the project is 30 years, which can be extended by another 30. The 7.95-acre Hebbal depot is located at the intersection of NH7 and Outer Ring Road. Hebbal TTMC is estimated to cost a whopping Rs 300 crore with provision of 9 lakh sqft area earmarked for commercial and retail operations.BMTC has already developed 10 TTMCs at Yeshwantpur, Jayanagar, Shantinagar, Koramangala, Domlur, Whitefield, Vijayanagar, Bannerghatta and Kengeri at a whopping cost of Rs 482 crore from JNNURM funds.TO BOOST BMTC COFFERS \"Annually we earn Rs 35 crore from the 10 TTMCs and expect to clear JNNURM debt. Now, we are planning to build 35 more TTMCs across the city on a PPP model,\" said Sreenivasa.\"The royalty-based dry rental model in older TTMCs hasn't been successful in generating adequate revenue. The commercially more relevant terms being offered now to develop new terminals will boost BMTC's coffers,\" said Prashanth Sambargi, partner at Mars Realty.The PPP model for the new TTMCs focuses on making barren land, where buses were parked and repaired, commercially more viable. \"The model is a win-win situation for both the developer and BMTC. We are exploring opportunities to develop retail spaces in some good locations. The corporation can exploit the floor space index to its potential to generate additional revenue\" said Raj Menda, MD of RMZ Corp.Nitesh Shetty, CMD, Nitesh Estates, told TOI they are exploring one or two options proposed under the PPP route.BMTC is also conducting a feasibility study to examine if Electronics City and Yelahanka depots, too, can be converted into TTMCs under the PPP model.What's the project about? TTMCs are a vital cog in any city's urban infrastructure. Parking and other facilities will help commuters interchange between different modes of transportation. The proposed TTMCs will house a fuelling station, administration building, washing area and maintenance workshop. These facilities should be created within two years of signing the contract.The commercial space should be developed within five years of commencement of the contract. The concessionaire will have to pay BMTC an upfront fee of Rs 10 crore and fixed annuity of Rs 1 crore for the concession period. BMTC MD KR Sreenivasa said whoever pays a higher annuity will get the offer on approval from the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11918552", "title": "Cost of living: Delhi tops chart in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Your city is now the most expensive place to live in in the country. Official data for the six years from 2004-05 to 2009-10 shows that spending on essential food and non-food items rose 75% and 78% respectively, and the city's monthly per capita expenditure of Rs 2,905 in 2009-10 was the highest across India.While the average family size shrank over the years, household expenditure continued rising at a clip, the government's latest report shows. Monthly per capita expenditure on food, medical treatment, education and rent increased the most in the six years to 2009-10. In that year, the average urban Delhiite was spending 36% of his income on food. The report shows expenditure on non-food items like medical treatment, education, rent, services like maids, and durables like washing machines also increased tremendously.Hospital expenses showed the highest increase of 240% compared to the average for 2004. The per capita monthly expenditure on medicines and tests done outside hospitals also increased 129%. The average increase in rents during the period was 186% and education became dearer by 126%. Expenditure on treatment, education and rent emerged as a heavy cost.The report shows that in urban areas about 36% of monthly per capita expenditure was on food items and the remaining on non-food items. Around 10% was spent on milk and milk products, 7% on cereals and pulses, 2% on edible oils, 4% on vegetables, and 2% on fruit. As regards non-food items, about 8% was spent on fuel, 6% on clothing and bedding, 9% on education, 2% on medical treatment and 7% on rent. Under the food head, the maximum increase was in spices (131%) and cereals (85%). Both articles are prime components of a family's diet and wheat remains the dietary staple.While increase in food expenditure can be attributed to rising inflation, Delhiites are shelling out much more on providing education to their children, medical treatment to the ailing and rent for houses. Increase in expenditure on durables like washing machines, refrigerators and air conditioners stands at 105% and spending on consumer services like repairs, maids and security services has gone up by 46%, compared to 2004.The report paints a profile of urban Delhi. Around 90% of the households use LPG as cooking fuel, 64% live in their own houses and 15.31% (5.61 lakh) have Internet connections. Overall, Delhi bears an urban imprint with the average household size in urban areas being less than 4.5 persons and the average number of children per household at 1.17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "11920136", "title": "Pazhassi memorial to come up in Mattannur", "text": "KANNUR: If everything goes well, the district will soon have a museum along with a memorial for Kerala Varma Pazhassi Raja, the legendary ruler of Malabar. The family members of the Pazhassi royal family have agreed to handover the ancestral home, Pazhassi Padinjare Kovilakam, in Mattannur to the state government.A ministerial level meeting to be held on February 18 will explore the possibility of developing the house as a memorial and museum.Minister of state for home affairs Mullappally Ramachandran will inaugurate the meeting.\"The history of Pazhassi Raja is the history of resistance against imperialist forces. It is necessary to develop his ancestral home as a memorial,\" said P K Ravivarma Raja, a member of Pazhassi family and Pazhassi Raja Charitable Trust in a press meet on Thursday. The present ancestral home was built after the British destroyed the earlier one following the siege in 1805, which resulted in the death of Pazhassi Raja.Though the Mattannur municipality had started the construction of a memorial at Pazhassi nearly five years ago, the work could not be completed. As of now, the only memorial is the Pazhassi Raja tomb in Mananthavady, Wayanad. \"This is a great monument, which has some historic importance and it should be preserved by the state government,\" said K Bhaskaran Master, the vice-chairman of Mattannur municipality, who is also associated with the trust.Though a project was submitted to the previous LDF government, which had also announced that the Kovilakam would be taken over by the department of tourism, it didn't take off due to technical reasons including the lack of interest on the part of the Pazhassi family.The trust members have demanded that the upcoming Kannur airport be named after Pazhassi Raja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11919103", "title": "Remove encroachments or face pay cuts, JMC officials told", "text": "JAIPUR: The empowered committee, constituted to develop Pink City as a world-class city, on Thursday has issued a whip to the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) asking its officials to remove encroachments, maintain cleanliness and restore the Walled City.The committee has made directions to complete all work including removing encroachments within a week's time from Chaura Rasta otherwise a percentage from their salary will be deducted everyday till the work is completed.Member of the committee, Justice (retd) V S Dave said, \"We have given an integrated plan to the officials and made them accountable to complete the work on time otherwise a percentage of their salaries will be deducted and we will write about this to the state government.\" He further said the committee has started campaign from the Chaura Rasta, as it's the central spine of the heritage city and thousands of tourists visits here daily. \"We have witnessed that there is a traffic chaos, no proper footpath and unhygienic conditions in some areas of Chaura Rasta,\" Dave said.Towards making Jaipur a world-class city, the JMC has also to shift power transformers from many places and clean drainage. In this regard Chaura Rasta Market Association has also presented a memorandum to the committee. \"A meeting was held where residents and shopkeepers of Chaura Rasta and officials were called together. The problems are genuine and need to be addressed immediately,\" Dave said.During the meeting, it was decided to open an old vacant building in the area for public welfare. \"We have identified a building and will send a proposal to the public works department to develop it as a committee centre,\" he said.The committee also mentioned that due to unhygienic conditions in the Walled City, it has become unsafe for people. \" On Friday, we will visit Topkhanna where tuberculosis patients in large numbers are coming and see the possibilities to improve the conditions,\" Dave said.Recently, the JMC announced development of Johari Bazar and Chaura Rasta as model roads and decided to start work such so as to mark parking spaces and no parking zones. However, encroachers are back in these markets making the job tough for civic authorities.According to the empowered committee, the width of the inner lanes has been drastically reduced due to temporary encroachments made by shopkeepers and residents, resulting in traffic blockades. The committee has also stated that the Walled City was developed on the pattern of European cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11920547", "title": "Annual art exhibition a treat for Kovai patrons", "text": "COIMBATORE: The painting exhibition at Chithrakala Academy, an annual event for the last 34 years, was launched on February 15 and will go on till February19. This is the largest event in the city for art lovers.The academy was started as the Pioneer District Art Centre in 1978 by eminent personalities in Coimbatore. \"I joined as a student in 1979 and am now the president of the academy,\" said V Jeevananthan, one of the city's best-known artists.Right from its early days, Chithrakala Academy has encountered many hurdles in taking art to the people. \"In the beginning, people viewed the art with suspicion. People were not too sure about modern art. But over the last 34, these views have changed and people have embraced modern art,\" said Jeevananthan.\"Art is what makes us different from animals and machines. It is a unique gift possessed by man alone. It is up to us to hone the skills hidden inside us,\" he said.As many as 63 Coimbatore-based artists have displayed their paintings at the exhibition. \"Acrylic is still the most popular material used. Oil paintings take a long time to dry. There are a few water colours too,\" said Jeevananthan.Jeevananthan has created two acrylic paintings for the exhibition - 'From the Light' and 'The Kissing Fish'. \"The actual process of painting takes only one-and-a-half hours for me. But the thought process behind the painting can take days,\" he said.All the paintings have never been displayed before and have been especially created for the fair, though they do not have a common theme. Adjacent to the painting exhibition is a permanent exhibit of European paintings.\"It is only now that people in the city want to own a painting for their home. So they visit such shows. Although our primary aim is to merely exhibit the paintings and garner appreciation, they recently have started selling too. But we don't enjoy the status of our counterparts in Chennai,\" he said.Painters from all walks of life have contributed to the exhibition. \"One is a doctor at Aravind Eye Hosptial. One is a Plus Two student who comes for our Sunday classes,\" he said.N Padmarajan, treasurer, Chithrakala Academy, said that he was proud to display a self-portrait of his at the exhibition. \"It has always been a thrill to be here,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11923876", "title": "Striking gold in Tollywood too!", "text": "With dubbed Telugu versions of Tamil films being popular, Tamil cinema has got an outlet for money and fameWith Nanban's dubbed version Snehitudu being the latest one to ring in money at the Tollywood box office, Kollywood stars and makers are looking at dubbed Telugu versions as a way of gaining foothold, both in terms of money and popularity now.Producer G Dhananjayan, who is contemplating a Telugu release of Vettai, says, \"A lot of factors count in releasing dubbed films from Tamil, like stars, or the director, but most important of all which counts is the content. Journey, for instance, the dubbed Telugu version of Engaeyum Eppothum, had a roaring success in Tamil and Telugu. Showing how good content works across industries.\"Actor Karthi, whose films have had a great footing in Tollywood, observes, \"Almost all my films have seen a dubbed Telugu release. While films like Paruthiveeran and Aayirathil Oruvan have been critically acclaimed, the others are blockbusters. I usually dub for myself. My upcoming film Saguni might also see a dubbed Telugu release.\"He says that the details of the dubbed Telugu versions usually are worked after the Tamil release. But, there are exceptions, Dhananjayan points out. \"Mostly, a film releases in Tamil first. But, films like Raghava Lawrence's Kanchana can be called exceptions, when it released first in Telugu. At times, there are simultaneous releases as well. 7aum Arivu's dubbed Telugu version, 7th Sense, had the second largest release in Andhra Pradesh for a dubbed film by opening up in 400 screens across the state,\" he states, citing examples of films like Endhiran making big money amounting to Rs 60 crore with just the Telugu release.Srikanth, whose Nanban had a Telugu release as well, says, \"Telugu audience love films for the sake of entertainment. The source doesn't matter. Many of my films have released in Telugu. Some of these have fetched me Telugu films too.\" But, actors like Jiiva and Vishal think otherwise. \"Since my films have dubbed releases, I don't see the need for doing Telugu films,\" says Vishal.But, like every coin has two sides, Srikanth points out how Tamil audiences are equally receptive to Telugu films. \"The Tamil version of dubbed Telugu films are not quite a number, but are well received. The best instances that can be cited are Arundhathi and Mahaveeran (Maghadheera).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11923757", "title": "Bhama finds a love interest!", "text": "Looks like Cupid has been real busy this Valentine's Day. Gossip mills are working overtime with rumours of Malayalam film actress Bhama dating her Telugu film co-star Rajeev.The actress has been a part of only one Telugu film so far, but has generated enough rumours to change the clean offscreen image that she has maintained till date.Rajeev, music composer Koti's son, and Bhama were the lead stars of Telugu flick 'Manchivadu'.Sources tell us that the two got along like a house on fire, so much so that they continue to hang out together all the time. \"The two were spotted shopping at a mall in Hyderabad. Surprisingly, Bhama's mother was also with them. Looks like Bhama's family too approves of their relationship,\" hints our source.Rumours also suggest that it is Rajeev who is the reason behind Bhama's recent makeover. \"The actress has become a lot more fashion-conscious, bold and much more confident. It's all because of the magic that Rajeev worked on her,\" our source adds.However, the actress herself does not find the news amusing. \"Actors tend to get linked with their co-stars, but this is the first time such a thing has happened to me,\" she says. \"I've never been the favourite of gossip columns till now,\" is all that she says.Bhama, who is currently spending time with her family in Kochi, will soon begin shoot for director Saji Surendran's 'Husbands' in Goa.She's also awaiting the release of Sevarkodi in Kollywood and Appayya in Kannada. \"I'm busy and enjoying my stint in filmdom, especially since I am working in all the four industries down south. At 22, I couldn't ask for more. There are so many people I want to work with. So marriage can wait; rumours too,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "11918734", "title": "3 kids trapped in burning van die", "text": "FARIDABAD: A pall of gloom descended on the village of Wazirpur near Faridabad on Thursday when a blaze claimed the lives of three children. The children, one of whom was a two-year-old toddler, were playing in a stationary, ramshackle van when it was suddenly engulfed by flames. The vehicle had been lying abandoned in the fields for over a year and nobody had imagined it could kill.On Thursday, the van suddenly burst into flames, said police. Passersby rushed to douse the fire, but they could not save the children.The victims have been identified as Vishika (2), Dinesh (8) and Kunal (9). They all hailed from poor families.Kishan Kumar, investigating officer, Faridabad Police, said the autopsy will be conducted on Friday. The children used a matchbox while playing and this could have triggered the fire. Experts say the flames could have spread to the fuel tank and then the vehicle may have exploded into flames.In another incident, a fire broke out in a factory in Sarurpur Industrial area. Material worth several lakh was gutted in the blaze on Thursday afternoon. The reason behind the fire can be short circuit, said sources.It took five hours for four tenders to get control over fire. In process of setting off the fire, three employees of the factory received burns. The injured were taken to a hospital and were discharged soon.Since the factory - Shubham Traders - deals in Foam scrap, the material is of highly inflammable nature. Factory owner Ajay Bhatnagar was present in the factory, along with some employees, when a fire broke out on the first floor.Due to foam all around, the fire spread in no time. While trying to douse the fire, three workers suffered minor burns. Fire brigade and police were informed by eyewitnesses.The material and the building are completely gutted and the loss is about 10 lakh, Bhatnagar added. Even though no definite claims havve been made as to what caused the fire, police sources said a short circuit caused the blaze.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11919870", "title": "Thali\u2019s birthplace resurrects after riots", "text": "AHMEDABAD: One of the victims of the 2002 riots was the birthplace of the famous Gujarati thali. The restaurant Chandravilas in the walled city, where the first thali was served way back in 1900, was burnt to ashes on February 28, 2002. Rioters had set fire to neighbouring shops and the flames had spread to the eatery, a symbol of Ahmedabad's food heritage.The restaurant's owners - the Joshi family - had suspended the thali immediately and only served snacks. Besides the riots, they had also suffered in the Rs 2,100 crore scam of Madhavpura Mercantile Co-operative Bank (MMCB). But they will mark their struggle of the past decade by serving a basic thali again, exactly a decade later, on February 28, 2012.Maulik Joshi, grandson of the founder Chimanlal Joshi, says they are already serving most components of the thali separately. The only thing missing is their famous dal-rice, which they will now start serving as part of the assortment. \"The fragrance of our dal would waft in the entire area in the old days as it was made using 38 ingredients,\" he says. \"We hope to recreate that magic on February 28.\"Chandravilas was running in a 3,000-sq-foot space till 2002. Some portions are still not useable, but hope is floating again, just like the fragrance of the dal.\"The 2002 fire destroyed everything, including the old oak wood furnishings and old photographs,\" Joshi adds.The entire property was on fire for five days.\" They restarted serving tea and snacks in April 2002. \"We had to work extremely hard for a decade to regain lost glory.\"The oak chairs had come from France and ceiling fans with wooden fittings were assembled by a British carpenter. Many families were addicted to the Chandravilas thali, which is still fresh in the minds of many oldtimers.Such was Chandravilas' fame that Mahatma Gandhi frequented it.Modern Gujarat's founding father Indulal Yagnik's had a favourite table here and Sardar Patel savoured ratalu ni puri. Bollywood's biggest showman Raj Kapoor ordered food from here whenever he was in town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11920161", "title": "Lucknow as pretty as Paris: Mayawati", "text": "LUCKNOW: Justifying the expenditure on dalit monuments in the city, BSP chief Mayawati equated Lucknow with Paris. \"Hamara Lucknow ab Paris ki tarah aalishan our sundar lagta hai (Our Lucknow looks as magnificent and beautiful as Paris),\" she said while addressing a rally here just three days before the city would go to the poll on Sunday. She added that opposition parties get envy when visitors and tourists appreciate the new face of Lucknow. Especially targeting Samajwadi Party leaders, she said that sheer jealousy forced Mulayam Singh and his family-members claim that they would bulldoze the memorials if elected.Oblivious to the existence of Paris, Raju Gautam, a villager from Mohanlalganj area, revealed that some roads in his village were constructed. \"The roads in the city may be good but the fate of our village is yet to change,\" he stated. Still he backs Behanji for getting Ambedkar statues installed in the city. \"Everyone must know what he did for us. Baba Saheb is our god,\" said the dalit labourrer.In her 40-minute speech, the CM spoke on issues of reservation, quota within quota, corruption and lack of Central support. Seeing a significant presence of burka-clad women in the first few rows, the CM said, \"The Congress party has always cheated Muslims and others just treat them as a vote bank. The community must watch out.\" Zahida Bano, who raised slogans as loudly as her vocal cords permitted, ardently agreed with the CM. She had come along with at least 100 women from the old city. The BSP chief also questioned the Election Commission's step to get all elephant statues draped. She urged the people to prove the EC wrong by fetching BSP more seats than what the party got in the previous elections.\"I have come here to warn you all. All the opposition parties are hand-in-glove. Claiming that they have great respect for Manyavar Kanshiram and Babasaheb Ambedkar, they are promising moon. But I want to tell you that all the promises are fake,\" she said, adding that everyone must know that what would happen if any of the three parties come to power. \"With SP, the goonda raaj will come back. The Congress, which has been out of power for the past 22 years is too desperate to get UP, will make policies that will leave you all jobless while the BJP will also make your life difficult,\" she said, finishing off with the new slogan 'Chadh vipaksha ki chhati par, button dabao haathi par'. Assembly elections news 2012UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "pratapgarh", "code": "11920914", "title": "Pramod, Raja eye an electoral record on home terrain", "text": "PRATAPGARH: The famous saying -- \"Sau Padha, Ek Pratapgarha\" aptly reflects the attitude that people of this district wear up their sleeves. The literal translation of the colloquial saying mean 'one native of Pratapgarh, is better than 100 educated persons'. Bounded by rivers Ganga and Sai, and linked with national highway 96, Pratapgarh throws up an interesting battle of ballot in its seven assembly constituencies.A close look of the voting pattern reveals that people in the district are guided more by their personal choices as far as candidates are concerned rather than parties with whom they are associated. This is amply clear in the results of 2007 election, where a massive upsurge of Bahujan Samaj Party in the state failed to make any remarkable impact on the mandate of the voters.Out of the seven seats the ruling BSP could manage to win only three, while in the remaining four seats were shared between Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Congress, and two Independents Kunda strongman Raghuraj Pratap Singh alias Raja Bhaiyya and his protege Vinod Saroj.Among the three seats which went into BSP's kitty include the newly constituted Raniganj, which was earlier known as Birapur. From here Ram Shiromani Shukla of BSP trounced former state minister Shiva Kant Ojha of Samajwadi Party. The second seat which was bagged by BSP was the Sadar assembly seat where party candidate Sanjay Tiwari defeated Hari Pratap Singh of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). BSP leader Brijesh Mishra Saurabh brushed aside the challenge of former state minister and another heavyweight candidate Raja Ram Pandey of Samajwadi Party (SP) from Gadvara seat, now rechristened as Vishwananthganj.The assembly constituency of Kunda was retained by Independent candidate Raghuraj Pratap Singh alias Raja Bhaiya who trounced Shiv Prasad Mishra Senani of Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) by 53,128 votes, the highest in the 2007 election. His protege and another independent candidate, Vinod Saroj also won from Bihar assembly seat now re-christened as Babaganj after delimitation. BSP's Suresh Chandra finished as the runner-up.Two of the remaining four seats went to BJP and Congress. Rajendra Pratap Singh alias Moti Singh of BJP won the Patti assembly seat defeating Bal Kumar Patel of SP better known as the brother of dreaded brigand Dadua, though the victory margin was barely Singh was by a slender margin of around 400 votes. Congress Legislature Party(CLP) leader retained the Rampur Khas assembly seat for a record eighth time, and set aside the challenge of Vigyat Singh of Samajwadi Party(SP) by a margin of 30,994 votes in a one-sided contest.However, this time the scenario is entirely different given the fact that many of the earlier winners have shifted constituencies, while going has become tough for Independents like Raja Bhaiyya and his associates in the wake of tough measures initiated by the Election Commission , said Vivek Upadhyaya, a resident of the district. He attributed this to several factors like rising political ambition of Raja's associates some of whom have jumped into the electoral bandwagon, while others have fielded their wives from some seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11919617", "title": "Final list drawn, 215 candidates to seek your vote on March 3", "text": "PANAJI: With the completion of scrutiny and withdrawal of nominations on Thursday, a total of 215 candidates, including 10 women, remained in the electoral battle for 40 constituencies in Goa. Elections are scheduled for March 3 and the results will be declared on March 6.Though 317 candidates had filed nominations, the papers of 62 candidates were rejected and 40 candidates withdrew their candidature, leaving 215 in the final contest. This gives an average of over five candidates per constituency.Straight fights will be seen in four constituencies-Sanquelim: Pratap Gauns (Congress) and Pramod Sawant (BJP); Poriem: Pratapsingh Rane (Congress) and Vishwajit K Rane (BJP); Marcaim: Ramkrishna Dhavalikar (MGP) and Ritesh Naik (Congress); Curchorem: Shyam Satardekar (Congress) and Nilesh Cabral (BJP).Only 10 ladies are in the fray.Vasco has 11 candidates-the highest in any constituency. Next is Saligao with 10 candidates followed by Pernem with nine. There are eight candidates in three constituencies of Fatorda, Cuncolim and St Cruz. Seven candidates are fighting in each of four constituencies of Ponda, Mormugao, Benaulim and Sanguem. There are six candidates each in the constituencies of Mandrem, Siolim, Taleigao and Nuvem.The break-up in other constituencies is follows: 5 candidates each in Tivim, Porvorim, Aldona, Panaji, Mayem, Shiroda, Valpoi, Priol, Cortalim, Curtorim, Margao and Sanvordem; four candidates each in the constituencies of Bicholim, Mapusa, Calangute, St Andre, Dabolim and Navelim; a triangular contest will be seen only in Canacona.Some notable withdrawals among the 40 include Roy Naik, home minister Ravi Naik's son in Mayem, NCP north Goa district general secretary Armindo Braganza in Mapusa and Congress rebels Francis Fernandes (Siolim) and Daya Pagui (Canacona).St Cruz constituency is expected to witness a battle royale between education minister Atanasio Monserrate who has put his prestige at stake by venturing from the safety of his home constituency of Taleigao to a constituency earlier held by Congresswoman Victoria Fernandes. The contest is stiff because matching Monserrate in spending ability is mining magnate Dinar Tarcar, now on the MGP ticket.Another hot battle will be seen in Nuvem, where Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco is determined to send home power minister Aleixo Sequeira. Close fights are on the cards in Calangute, Pernem, Mandrem, Curchorem, Sanguem and Canacona.Assembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11919799", "title": "\u2018Victimized\u2019 IAS woman officer in UP gets back job", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Centre on Thursday quashed the suspension of UP's seniormost IAS officer , Promilla Shanker, in the first such intervention. It called the suspension \"totally misplaced'' and an \"utter disregard of the guiding principles for placing government servants under suspension\".The state government had suspended her under rule 8 of the All India Services (Discipline &amp; Appeal) rules, 1969, for leaving the headquarters without permission and proceedings to Colombo. She had informed the state government of her intention to avail two-day casual leave on September 5 and 6 2011, but the state government took it as a violation of the rule.Shanker's suspension came a day after she had submitted a report on the Yamuna Expressway Authority in which she had pointed out a number of irregularities in the land acquisition process.The report held the authority responsible for embarking on Yamuna township plan without the formal approval of the National Capital Region Board. While refusing refused to accept the report, the state government decided to suspend her.\"The central government as the appellate authority has decided to hold the suspension order of Promilla Shanker as void abinitio after hearing her appeal against the UP government,\" the central government said in its order.The order stated that regarding circumstances of the case and the nature of charges drawn against her, Shanker's continuance in office was neither going to prejudice the departmental inquiry instituted against her, nor subvert the discipline in office she was working in.\"There appeared to be no wider public interest involved in placing her under suspension and the charges do not appear to be such which may result in her dismissal, removal or compulsory retirement from service,'' the order said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11918834", "title": "Security mock drill held in city", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Did you spot the extra number of men in khaki on Sunday and Monday? You can breath easy. While there was a blast in New Delhi on Monday, the city police was coincidentally conducting a mock drill on city roads to check the preparedness of police force. Top city police officials said that they have found some lacunae in the response and have started fresh round of preparedness and education.According to city police officials, mock drills are conducted at regular periods after a massive drive last year where more than 5,000 personnel and officials were trained in fighting terror and identifying threat. \"We sent a message to the entire city police force about a tip-off of suspected terrorists movement and asked them to follow standard operating procedure (SOP) prescribed for their rank and place,\" said a senior police official.Shamsher Singh, joint commissioner of police (special), told TOI that they conducted the drill on Sunday and followed it up on Monday on the heels of the bomb blast outside Israeli embassy in New Delhi. \"We cannot divulge into the details of the drill but we have around 70 major points in the city manned by city police. Everybody has a standard procedure to follow. Our aim was to check the response time and preparedness of the force. We were overall satisfied with the exercise,\" he said.The policemen were asked to keep an eye on vehicular movements and ensure that no suspect vehicle leaves the city after the message, leaving little scope if the terrorists are vehicle-borne.The police control room (PCR) vans were also placed strategically to cover major areas. An armed constable was deployed in all the vans with automatic weapon, said police officials.However, the exercise was also an eye-opener. \"We also found many personnel absent from their place of work or not prepared enough to undertake such a task. Some failed to understand the consequences of such an event and did not act according to SOP. We have noted down the points and also names of personnel who are being questioned about the incident. While the city is always on terror radar, we don't want any flaw in preventive action,\" said a senior city police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11923696", "title": "Sagnik finally gets a change", "text": "After three years of playing the perfect husband or a para goon, Sagnik will finally be seen in a different avatar.In the megaserial, 'Matribhumi', directed by Amit, the actor is all set to get under the skin of a revolutionary.Said the actor, \"I am tired of playing either a baddie or a loving husband in all family dramas. I really wanted a break from the saas-bahu sagas. The character, Arpan, which I play in 'Matribhumi', is something which I have never done before. He is the leader of a group,who fights against corruption and works towards the societys betterment.\"Sagnik is also happy about his new look. \"I like the moustache that I am sporting.Wish I could flaunt it in real life too,\" smiled the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11920028", "title": "State releases RTE guidelines, speeds up teacher recruitment", "text": "CHENNAI: Schools in the state can no more complain about not knowing how to apply the Right to Education Act. The state government released the guidelines for implementation of the Act on Thursday. It has also released a booklet on frequently asked questions on the act, and a compilation of the act and all the related government orders.Tamil Nadu was among the states that the ministry of human resource development pulled up for not notifying the RTE rules last year. After it notified the rules towards the end of last year, the state has picked up pace in implementing the legislation. It has announced the recruitment of a large number of teachers, and has also conducted orientation programmes at the district and block levels.Speaking after releasing the booklet giving guidelines to schools, school education minister N R Sivapathy said the state would recruit 53,000 teachers this year to implement the act and other school education reforms. Around 1.5 lakh teachers will be trained to implement the act, the minister said.Education secretary D Sabitha an information centre has been set up at the directorate of teacher education research and training to answer the queries of schools, parents and students. The help desk will be manned by DTERT joint director M Palanisamy. \"People should come forward to make use of the provisions of the act,\" Sabitha said. The National Commission for Protection of Child Rights has complimented the officials on the pace at which the Act was being implemented, she added.Officials said work is on to conduct the teacher eligibility test for all primary and middle school teachers.While existing teachers will have to clear the test within five years, it is a mandatory qualification for those candidates to be recruited. The test will be conducted in May, Sabitha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11919036", "title": "Raipur to turn buffalo soldier?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has saddled the Chhattisgarh government with the unenviable task of preventing mating of endangered wild buffaloes with domestic ones in Udanti wildlife sanctuary which is spread over 232 sq km in Raipur district.This direction was given to the Raman Singh government on Monday after a bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Chandramauli Kumar Prasad found the state wanting in conservation and preservation of wild buffaloes.Responding to amicus curiae P S Narasimha's plea for rescuing wild buffaloes from extinction, the court directed the state to give full effect to the centrally sponsored 'Integrated Development of Wildlife Habitats' scheme to save wild buffaloes from extinction.\"The state would take immediate steps to ensure that inter-breeding between wild and domestic buffaloes do not take place and genetic purity of the wild species is maintained,\" the court said.The state was also directed to undertake intensive research and monitor the wild buffalo population in Udanti wildlife sanctuary and other areas including preparing their genetic profile for future reference.The amicus had suggested relocation of all villages within the sanctuary but the chief wildlife warden had said inter-breeding of wild and domestic buffaloes could be prevented by replacing domestic buffaloes around the wild buffalo habitats with cows and bulls.The court said threat to wild buffaloes came mainly from inter-breeding with domestic and feral buffaloes. It asked the state to initiate wildlife training programmes for officials of the forest department, especially relating to management of Udanti sanctuary and other wild buffalo habitats.\"The state is also directed to submit annual plan of operation to the central government detailing the proposed course of action as per the 'Integrated Development of Wildlife Habitats' scheme within a period of three months from today,\" the February 13 judgment said.\"All effective steps should be taken by the state to protect Asian wild buffalo (Bubalus bubalis), which is declared as the state animal by Chhattisgarh,\" the bench said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11920350", "title": "Wakf Board, Ahmediyas spar over ownership of mosques", "text": "HYDERABAD: State Wakf Board chairman Syed Ghulam Afzal Biyabani on Thursday said he was receiving calls from unidentified persons who threatened to harm him if the board decided to take over mosques belonging to the Ahmediya community.Biyabani, in a letter addressed to senior police officers, said he was getting the threat calls for the past four days. \"I cannot identify the persons calling me. I have their numbers on my phone. Using offensive language, they have threatened to finish me off in case the board passes a resolution on mosques belonging to Ahmediyas. It is for the police to find out who these persons are,\" Biyabani told TOI.Reacting to this, the chief preacher of Ahmediyas in the city, Mohammed Muslehuddin Sadi, said: \"No one from our community could do such a thing. It is baseless propaganda against us.\" According to sources, the board has directed its inspectors to find out the number of mosques in possession with the Ahmadiyas. The inspectors's report will be placed before the Wakf Board meeting scheduled for February 18.Meanwhile, several Muslims groups gathered in front of the Wakf Board headquarters near Public Gardens and raised slogans demanding the board to take over all the mosques over which the Ahmediyas have laid claim. They also expressed solidarity with the board and its chairman. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11920863", "title": "No TV channel ban in House", "text": "BANGALORE: Should there be a ban on private TV channels covering live proceedings of the state legislature? Despite the state law minister denying rumours that government wants to ban private channels from the Houses, the debate is on with Congress leaders BK Chandrashekar taking strong objection to it.Law minister Suresh Kumar dismissed media speculation that the government planned to ban private channels from both Houses after Porngate involving three former ministers. \"There is absolutely no basis for such rumours and there's no proposal to start a separate channel to cover legislature proceedings,\" law minister said. adding that government is not against freedom of the press.Sources in the government said the Lok Sabha secretariat two years ago had reportedly suggested that state governments start TV channels on the lines of Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha channels. A committee was set up by legislatures to look into it and it even submitted a report . A source in the state assembly secretariat said the project would cost at least Rs 25 crore and it's a big task for the state to mobilize the money. \"It is mere coincidence that the proposal to start the channel has come at a moment when Porngate has broken out \" the source said, adding that channel may be started but not in the near future.Chandrashekar said he is surprised by Suresh Kumar's statement. Describing the move as a knee-jerk reaction to an admirable job done by TV channels in a public place, he said the media and all concerned about democratic norms and procedures should raise their voice against the government's move to ban channels from telecasting proceedings.Home minister R Ashoka had said he's against any move to ban beaming of assembly proceedings by private channels , but the speaker should take a decision on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11923262", "title": "No idea how Spiderman 3 has shaped up: Irrfan Khan", "text": "Bollywood actor Irrfan Khan talks about his films and hid Hollywood flick Spiderman 3Tell us about your character Pan Singh Tomar He's a clean-hearted, innocent person. Circumstances provoked him to become a rebel.It was a tough, physically demanding role because it's the role of a runner. I trained under coach Satyapal. I followed a diet plan to build my stamina and energy. We shot in Chambal, which is a beautiful but difficult place. Everyday, something new would happen. Once, 13 girls were abducted. Few were not even found. We could not shoot after 5 pm due to security reasons. I have a very natural and old rapport with Tigmanshu (Dhulia, the director). I'm able to perform well due to our special chemistry.Are you aware of a similar film on Milkha Singh? Interestingly, the research team told me, they met Milkha Singh. He was a contemporary of Paan Singh's. They were teammates and knew each other personally. He helped them a bit but he was more involved in the biopic being made on him.What was it like shooting for Spiderman 3? I am going to the US for its screening in April. I have no opinion about the movie or how my character has shaped up. It's great shooting with Hollywood professionals.You received a Padmashri recently. Your thoughts on it? I got it very early with Tabu and Kajol . Most of them get it when they are in the end of their careers. We got it at the right time. It's really worth it when you are in the middle of your career.Recently, Kiran Rao said she would prefer to make her acting debut with you instead of Aamir Khan . Your comment? I have seen her film. I respect her a lot as a filmmaker. It would be an honour to work with her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "11918395", "title": "400 tribal students desert sevashram school", "text": "KORAPUT: Over 400 tribal students have deserted their hostel in Malkangiri's Mudulipada since Tuesday. The students of Mudulipada sevashram (residential school) have alleged that there is massive mismanagement at the school. The students have complained of low-quality food and irregular classes. Also students are being engaged in menial jobs, they alleged.\"Classes are not being taken properly. Academic activities have taken a beating at the school due to the absence of teachers. We are served low-quality food. The authorities do not provide us proper health care. Whenever one falls ill, they neither give us medicine nor arrange a doctor,\" a source at Mudulipada said quoting the students.This apart, the school does not have adequate water and sanitation facilities. It also does not have proper dining hall. As many as 437 students stay in the hostel which has Classes from I to X and is run by the SC and ST Development department. The school is situated at the Bonda hills, about 80 km from Malkangiri.Confirming the incident, district welfare officer of Malkangiri Ram Chandra Behera who visited the school on Thursday to inquire into the matter said, \"As teachers are engaged in election duty academic activities have been temporarily hit which will be sorted out once the teachers return from election duty. The other allegations of the students are being looked into.\"\"Students have started returning and we hope that till Friday all the students will return to the school,\" he added. Locals said the state government should take proper care of the school, which was set up exclusively for children of the Bonda tribe, to ensure that irregularities do not take place at the school. The literacy rate among the Bondas is just about 7.8% and the tribe which is recognized as one of the state's most primitive tribes live in the inaccessible Bonda hill in Khairaput block.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11920978", "title": "\u2018Diabetes may originate in gut\u2019", "text": "WASHINGTON: In what could be hailed as a possible breakthrough, scientists claim to have found evidence which suggests that diabetes may originate in the gut.A team at Washington University School of Medicine says its research has shown that problems controlling blood sugar - the hallmark of diabetes - may begin in the intestines, contrary to longheld theories about causes of the disease.In their research, the scientists analyzed mice that are unable to make Fatty Acid Synthase (FAS) in the intestine. FAS, an enzyme crucial for the production of lipids, is regulated by insulin, and those with diabetes have defects in FAS. Mice without the enzyme in the intestines develop chronic inflammation in the gut, a powerful predictor of diabetes.\"Diabetes may indeed start in your gut. When people become resistant to insulin, as happens when they gain weight, FAS doesn't work properly, which causes inflammation that in turn can lead to diabetes,\" said lead author Clay Semenkovich.Mice with defects in their ability to make the enzyme fatty acid synthase in their intestines develop inflammation, and diabetes, say the scientists.First author Xiaochao Wei, PhD, collaborated with specialists in gastroenterology and genome sciences to determine what happens in mice that can't make FAS in their intestines.\"The first striking thing we saw was that the mice began losing weight. They had diarrhea and other gastrointestinal symptoms , and when we looked closely at the tissue in the gut, we found a lot of inflammation,\" stated Wei, a research instructor in medicine.Wei explained that the mice got sick because of a defect in fatty acid synthase. They had lost the protective lining of mucus in the intestines that separates the microbes from direct exposure to cells. This let bacteria penetrate otherwise healthy cells in the gut, making them sick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11919887", "title": "Final report in 2 weeks: Govt to HC", "text": "PANAJI: The government recently informed the high court of Bombay at Goa that a final report would be filed within two weeks in an alleged land scam at Colvale in which tourism minister Nilkanth Halarnkar is facing charges of corruption and criminal breach of trust.The public prosecutor made the statement during the hearing of the criminal writ petition filed by Kashinath Shetye and others. The petitioners had pointed out before the court that the investigation into the case registered by the ACB was not proceeding expeditiously as it was pertaining to the \"highly influential\" Halarnkar .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11920100", "title": "Notice to President\u2019s son for seized poll cash", "text": "AMRAVATI: President Pratibha Patil's son and Congress MLA Raosaheb Shekhawat has been issued notice by the district collector in connection with the seizure of Rs 1 crore unaccounted cash from Amravati, where civic polls are under way.Besides Shekhawat, notices were also issued on Wednesday to several Congress leaders, including Maharashtra minister Rajendra Mulak. District collector Rahul Mahiwal said a hearing will be held on February 21 as their counsel have sought five days' time.Following the seizure of the cash that was being transported from Nagpur on Sunday, the EC had directed the collector and municipal commissioner to file a report.Denying that the cash was unaccounted for, Shekhawat claimed that the money was meant for distribution among financially weak candidates. \"I had sought funds from the state Congress committee for distribution among 87 party candidates. Accordingly, Rs 1 crore was sent to me ,\" he said.Meanwhile, the BJP has filed an intervention petition in the district court. It said the Congress was trying to give an impression that it was a legal transaction as it was \"caught in the act\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11918160", "title": "Be calm with kids\u2019 problems, shrinks say", "text": "MUMBAI: There is a thin line between paranoia and genuine concern, and city doctors feel many parents are increasingly falling in the first category as far as identifying milestones for their children is concerned.On Wednesday, a Borivli mother committed suicide after killing her 3-year-old son, who had speech problems .Commenting on the incident, experts said a degree of variation in the ages at which a child is supposed to be able to perform certain tasks is normal. Santacruz-based child psychologist Dr Milind Joshi said that at least 30% of parents visiting his clinic want to be doubly sure about their child reaching milestones in time. \"Many parents are driven by sheer paranoia, which is hardly surprising given that this is an age of over-anxious parents.\"Joshi said that often parents' fears are misplaced; if a child is not talking, it could be that he/she has a quiet personality; if he/she is not walking, it could be that he/she is not up to it.Age variation in reaching milestones can be from a few months to several years. While physical developments are easy to track, it remains tricky for many parents to understand children's psychological growth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11920167", "title": "Don\u2019t complain if you are honest", "text": "HYDERABAD: IAS officers belonging to the Andhra Pradesh cadre have no reason to complain over the ongoing CBI investigations into various scams, said N Santosh Hegde, former Karnataka Lokayukta and member of team Anna Hazare.Hegde, who was in Hyderabad to take part in a few events on Thursday, observed that bureaucrats were part of decision making in governance and that no one can force them to commit wrong deeds. \"If they are honest, there is no need for them to be afraid of the CBI.\" Two IAS officers from the state, B P Acharya and Y Srilakshmi, are in jail in connection with the illegal mining and Emaar scam cases.\"Politicians in power and bureaucrats are like husband and wife. They will quarrel on momentary issues, but cannot come out of the marriage. IAS officers are supposed to be more knowledgeable than politicians on law and, hence, have a bigger responsibility to keep their integrity intact even while advising ministers properly.\"\"The corruption scenario in Andhra and Karnataka are similar, but the difference is that here, at least two officers are behind bars, while the erring babus are still at large in Karnataka,\" he remarked. He lamented that the government of Karnataka did not act on his report on illegal mining that indicted both government officials and politicians. While the Karnataka government rejected the portion of his report mentioning politicians, it referred the recommendations made on the officials to a study committee headed by additional chief secretary S Jayaraj.Stating that the Andhra Pradesh Lokayukta Act is relatively weak, Hegde said the institution of Lokayukta in all states must be strengthened. According to him, in AP, the Anti Corruption Bureau (ACB) is being used as a political tool and must be freed from the clutches of the chief minister. \"In Karnataka, the ACB and vigilance commission were merged into Lokyukta. AP should follow the model. Otherwise, the ACB will be a tool in hands of the CM and the corrupt can get away by exploiting the drawbacks in the system,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11919378", "title": "After a decade, BSP set to come back", "text": "NAGPUR: After a decade, Bahujan Samaj Party's 'Jumbo' is all set to make a come back in Nagpur Municipal Corporation with a bang, especially from north Nagpur.This time, the party focused on Dalit and Muslim dominated localities of North and South assembly segments and fielded fresh candidates across the city. The party repeated its candidate Harshala Jaiswal while denying candidature to three sitting corporators including Devendra Waghmare, Archana Shende and Habib-ur-Rehman Ansari.Though the party leaders claimed it would win 20 seats in this election but voting trends in ward of North and South segments indicated that the party would repeat its 2002 showing and may win just over 10 seats. In the 2002 polls, BSP made an impressive debut in NMC with nine seats. Vishranti Zamre, Ashok Yewle, Vikas Nagbhide, Kavita Landge, Rahul Telang, Sanjay Jaiswal, Pushpa Bedse, Deepak Jambhulkar and Rahul Darwade represented it. The three-member Nari prabhag was entirely dominated by BSP candidates. However, in 2007, the BSP tally came down to four.BSP leader Sanjay Jaiswal said, \"Voters have backed our candidates once again. After looking at the voting percentage and response to our polling booths party we are sure the party will win at least 10 seats.\" Even RPI leader Dr Milind Mane, who is contesting from Nara ward, too echoed similar views. He said, \"BSP candidates in most prabhags have given a tough fight to Congress-Lokmanch candidates. BSP will get seven or eight seats from north Nagpur.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "medak", "code": "11920453", "title": "101 NREGA workers win compensation", "text": "MEDAK: In what is a first in Andhra Pradesh, 101 workers in Medak district have been awarded unemployment allowance to the tune of Rs 2 lakh for having been denied work under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA).The award is being seen as an assertion of wage earners' rights under the Act as this is the first time that they have earned compensation for not having received what they have been guaranteed.Forty-seven workers from the marginalized sections of society in Doulatabad mandal's Konapur village and another 54 workers at Ramunipatla, Gurralgondi and Jakkapur villages in Chinna Kodur mandal have secured allowances of Rs 60,425 and Rs 1,37,975, respectively, after having waged a four year-long struggle for it.\"Although there is a provision for it in the Act, officials have been denying the workers their allowance,\" said civil rights activist Shankar whose group had taken up the labourers' cause. As per section VII of MGNREGA, if a worker, having applied for work, is not provided employment within 15 days, then that person is entitled to a daily unemployment allowance of not less than one-fourth of the wage rate for the first 30 days. Also, MGNREGA puts the onus of paying the allowance on state governments.In February 2008, the labourers in question had applied for work under the scheme and had receipts issued them by mandal officials. However, no work was allotted to them. \"We did not know that we were entitled to an unemployment allowance. Anyway, justice has been done,\" Balamma, one of the recipients of the compensation, said.District Water Management Agency (DWMA), which is the nodal authority for implementation of MGNREGA, attributed the delay in payment of allowance to software glitches. \"The software did not have the provision for payment of unemployment allowance. Now, we have included it in the software,\" Anuradha, DWMA project director in Medak district, told TOI. Andhra Pradesh was the first state in the country to implement MGNREGS when it was launched in 2006, with Medak being one of the pilot districts where the scheme was introduced.Meanwhile, the initiative to provide unemployment allowance as a social security measure has not found much support in the labour ministry. \"It is very difficult to keep paying unemployment allowance to the workers. We have granted payments to the Medak workers since their case was genuine,\" A Murali, director, MGNREGA, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11919722", "title": "Golf Green chokes in toxic smoke", "text": "KOLKATA: Is one of Kolkata's last few clean and green areas anathema to the civic authorities? So it seems. Golf Green residents proudly boasted of their locality as an oasis of tranquillity and cleanliness in an otherwise noisy and filthy city. But its clean air, courtesy the greenery all around, is under threat. Despite repeated complaints by residents, dry leaves are regularly burnt beside inflammable plastic packs, only two feet from a newly-built garbage dump.While TOI responded to residents' complaints by visiting the spot and gathered photographic evidence of a fire and smoke, local Trinamool Congress councillor Tapan Dasgupta brushed off the complaints as absurd and untrue. \"I pass that way every day and have never spotted a fire. Just tell me who has complained. Please bring them to me,\" he said.Environment activist and Golf Green resident Mukuta Mukherjee said, \"Everyone is suffering but no one has the courage to protest. Leaf fires lead to concentration of air pollutants. I have personally taken up the issue with the councillor several times but no action has ever been taken. Instead, I have been told that carrying dry leaves all the way to Dhapa dumping ground does not bring in adequate returns for lorry owners. If that be so, doesn't it make more sense to dig trenches and dispose dry leaves in them?\"Carmel schoolteacher Rita Banerjee, who lives in the neighbourhood, said the fires continue to burn every day despite several complaints to the authorities. \"The powers that be don't bother to heed our pleas because they are in power. This is just not on. They are emitting poison in our air. The elderly and those with asthma or allergies are particularly vulnerable. There are better ways to do away with waste,\" she said.Burning dry leaves may also spark health problems. The moisture, usually trapped within leaves, tends to burn slowly and thus generates large amounts of airborne particulates. These are fine bits of dust, soot and other solid materials, said environmental scientist Sashanka Deb. Such particulates can reach deep into the lung tissues and cause coughing, wheezing, chest pain, shortness of breath and sometimes long-term respiratory problems, he added.Leaf smoke may also contain hazardous chemicals such as carbon monoxide which can bind with haemoglobin in the bloodstream and reduce the amount of oxygen in the blood and lungs, he said.Burning leaves is prohibited under the Solid Waste Management and Handling Rules, 2000 said Calcutta high court advocate Jayanta Narayan Chatterjee who passes by the vat every day.\"The Environment Protection Act prohibits anybody from emitting or discharging polluting particulate matter into the atmosphere in excess of the standard. But even police shirk their responsibility when this is brought to their notice and tell us to go the Pollution Control Board. Police need to be sensitized on environment laws. They need to know that burning dry leaves is completely illegal and is punishable with up to five years imprisonment or a fine that may extend to Rs 1 lakh,\" said the advocate who has filed several PILs on environment issues in the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11918700", "title": "Names of 20 blind home women with voters' ID missing", "text": "PUNE: For the women of Shree Shirdi Saibaba Home for Aged Blind Women in Dhayari, exercising their right to vote would have meant much. At least 20 of the 45 women living here held valid voting cards but could not vote on Thursday.Their names were missing from the list and in the hope that they would be found, the women waited outside their home for more than six hours.\"We gathered outside the home at 7 am hoping to exercise our franchise. After waiting for more than six hours, only one of us was able to cast the vote. The remaining had to return because our names were not on the voters' list. It was disappointing,\" said a 65-year-old Mina Javalekar.Nirmala Wankhede (74) from Amravati has been residing at the home for the last two decades. \"We look at voting as an opportunity to express our gratitude to society. Our experience with those contesting the election has been good all these years. It was not that they come to us only during elections. All of them help us in our times of need. It was our turn to express gratitude.\"Fifty-six-year-old Kanchan Kulkarni was the lucky one to be able to cast her vote. \"I felt scared as I was the only woman who was taken inside the polling booth. No other inmate accompanied me. I felt sad as all of them waited outside.\" Kulkarni said after casting her vote at the Phule Auditorium polling centre in Sun City area in Anandnagar.Prabhavati Yellappa (85) said, \"There are 45 women here. Of them, 20 are registered voters. But despite holding voter ID cards, they could not cast their votes. We were so excited about voting, but we had to return dejected.\"Leela Bhaiyya (75) said, \"People around the area have helped us with open hearts. It was our turn to express our thankfulness. But we could not do it.\"Ramchandra Kurup, manager of the Shree Shirdi Saibaba Home for Aged Blind Women, said, \"This home was started by the Pune Blind Men's Association in 1985. The inmates have been actively participating in all elections. This was the first time that only one of them could exercise her franchise as the 19 other inmates could not find their names in the list.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11919687", "title": "God, social work among rejected aspirants' plans", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress' lone woman MLA Victoria Fernandes, who was denied the party ticket for the St Cruz constituency, has decided to dedicate herself to god, whereas others such as BJP MLA Vijay Pai Khot and Vasudev M Gaonkar said they would continue social workFernandes, a four-time MLA from St Cruz, said, \"I now feel free; my life in politics is over and I can dedicate myself to god\". She also said that the Congress has manifested a grave injustice to women with a clean image, by denying her the ticket. She said the decision left her constituents \"sad and heart-broken\". Her son Rudolf Fernandes will be contesting as an independent, with his mother's support.Meanwhile in Sanguem, two-time BJP MLA Vasudev Gaonkar is 'hurt' by the party's last-minute decision not to field him for the assembly elections. \"Actually, I have decided to contest the elections and I was doing development work in my constituency\" he said. \"I am disturbed with the development; the Party should have conveyed to me six months ago that I would not be given the ticket,\" he added.Gaonkar said that he would be supporting the BJP in Sanguem and working individually too to help the party candidate in Sanguem win. \"I have decided to continue social work for the people of Sanguem,\" he said.Vijay Pai Khot, a two-time BJP MLA from Canacona who is out of fray because of delimitation, said, \"I cannot be relaxed because I always like to work for society and I have decided to continue to do the same.\"He also said that politics is secondary but working for society is the passion of his life and the people of Canacona will decided whom they have to support.Assembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11918448", "title": "20 laptops stolen from Saheed Nagar shop", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The posh Saheed Nagar area continued to be a happy hunting ground for burglars as they struck again at a computer outlet and made off with nearly 20 laptops worth over Rs five lakh, on Thursday morning. Police, basing upon CCTV footages of the shop, have launched a manhunt to arrest the culprits.The CCTV camera, installed at a secret location outside the shop, showed the involvement of nearly six people in the burglary, sources said. One of the accused was seen stretching up a screen to cover his associates, who were busy breaking the shop's lock.\"I suspected the involvement of my private security guard. Police should interrogate him,\" shops owner Rudrakant Mohapatra said. But the security guard rubbished the allegation.Alleging poor policing in the locality, a number of businessmen thronged the Saheed Nagar police station and demanded better patrolling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11919370", "title": "Last hour voters may decide outcome", "text": "NAGPUR: If it were a cricket match, spectators would have got full value for their money. The day started badly for the BJP-Sena combine with middle-class voters not leaving their homes. On the other hand, Congress-NCP voters, especially those living in slums had started to vote. The situation started improving for the BJP after 4pm, when activists went door-to-door to request BJP voters to exercise their franchise.There are several wards, especially in west Nagpur, where the voting in last one-and-a-half hour will decide the fate of BJP candidates. The saffron combine's predictions of victory are based on this polling. Congress leaders, however, feel that it will only reduce the margin of victory.In the evening, both parties seemed to be confident of victory. The top leaders of both sides informally also told mediapersons that they would form the government even as they admitted reverses in some seats.Earlier in the day, the city was agog with rumours of several bigwigs biting the dust. Even after polling, some people claimed they had inside information that outgoing mayor Archana Dehankar, outgoing leader of opposition Vikas Thakre, outgoing standing committee chairman Sandip Joshi, Shiv Sena city president Shekhar Sawarbandhe and several others would lose. Their claims regarding at least some of these candidates may turn out to be true.The voting in slums was a major worry for the BJP and to some extent the Congress also. Sizeable crowds were seen in front of BSP polling agents' tables, which had the Congress worried. However, in many areas where the BSP candidate was not strong and slum dwellers were not queuing up in front of Congress tables, BJP candidates were wiping sweat off their faces.In most cases, a voter goes to the party's polling agent for whom he or she would vote. This is one way of determining the number of votes polled. High profile NCP candidate from VNIT ward Prakash Gajbhiye had an anxious day as more people were queuing up in front of BJP and BSP tables. BJP candidate from Jail ward Sandip Joshi too was a worried man as slum dwellers were voting en masse for the Congress while middle class voters stayed away from the booths till 4pm.In Civil Lines ward, possibly nobody except God knows who will win. Four candidates are in contention from both the seats and each is polling votes in his or her stronghold. Political experts say that the margin of victory is likely to be one of the lowest in the city.Congress activists had an anxious time in north Nagpur as large number of voters were queuing up in front of BSP polling agents tables. The Congress leaders feel that BSP will win three to four seats in the area. This is a major source of worry for Nitin Raut, EGS minister and north Nagpur MLA, since he had given tickets to RPI corporators, hoping that he would make a clean sweep in his constituency.BJP leaders were a worried lot until evening as their candidates in South-West Nagpur were trailing due to heavy voting by slum dwellers. The response to two rebels, Subhash Aparajit (Sai Mandir) and Paresh Joshi (Khamla), too added to their worries. However, by evening they were confident that the BJP would win these seats.BSP activists had a field day due to the response. They proudly told mediapersons that in spite of remaining low-key the party was doing unexpectedly well. In many cases, even political experts did not know about these candidates. The candidates and party leaders did not rest after the polling but tallied the voting numbers from each and every booth to predict the outcome.Even though the fate of candidates, and consequently the parties, will be known by Friday afternoon, the outcome remained a hot topic of discussion among those who take an interest in politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "director", "code": "11926603", "title": "? - Question Mark: Movie Review", "text": "Director: Yash Dave, Allison Patel Cast: Sonam Mukherjee, Maanvi Gagroo, Varun ThakurNo, there isn't any syntax error or typo in the title. '?' is what this film wishes to call itself. And it makes sense for everything from the cast, crew to the identity of ghost in this horror film remain unknown. But what's easily identifiable, once you know the plotline of the film, is the fact that it's an offshoot of the popular Hollywood flick The Blair Witch Project . In fact the success of that film almost created a genre of footage film which was subsequently followed with the likes of Paranormal Activity and its Indian spin-off Ragini MMS . ' Question Mark ' is all of this rolled into one and though it derives its theme, treatment and template from multiple films, it has a 'spirit' of its own.The premise is preset. A group of college students are on a vacation trip and land at a secluded bungalow of one of the friends. They decide to shoot a project film on their camcorder in the nearby forests. Expectedly the house and the woods are haunted. All escape routes are eliminated as their car key goes missing. Stranded in alien territory, they have no option but to face the horror.While the young director-duo of Yash Dave and Allison Patel might have not done anything innovative or path-breaking in terms of redefining the genre, they at least stay true to it. The entire runtime of the film happens to be video footage shot on handheld camera by one or the other member of the cast and to the extent that the film doesn't need a cinematographer. To make it seem like some real found camera footage, the film never even has any opening or end credits. There is absolutely no background score and the sound effects are restricted to the actual horror happenings. Other than some minor jump-cuts, most sequences happen in real-time to add to the experience.The advantage of a genre like this is it never demands any explanation on the identity of the unknown. So the makers can conveniently avoid any background account on the ghost or its origin. The structure of the film is such that it calls for more storyboarding than screenplay per se. While the group originally comes to shoot their project film, there's hardly any footage on that and most of the runtime is about their actual interactions beyond the project film. So the actors just have to be themselves and the conversations are kept real-life with witty references ranging from Ram Gopal Varma to Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi .Where the film falters then is that it doesn't go beyond the predictability of its genre to serve something new. Since the film claims to be footage found on an abandoned camera, you are clearly aware from the start that all cast members would die. Their opening introduction or academic aspirations don't contribute anything to the narrative. The initial buildup is more on human clashes over eerie encounters and the horror strikes pretty late.But once the horror strikes, there is no looking back (quite literally). The girl who gets possessed spooks you especially in the couple of scenes where she approaches the camera. Unlike other horror films which try to build up tension through fear of anticipation, things are quite upfront here and the only time you anticipate in when the ghost leaves the camera frame. Thankfully the treatment doesn't resort to blatant shock tactics or uncanny camera movements.Sonam Mukherjee as the possessed girl is spooky. Varun Thakur as the one who handles the camera expresses his hysteria well. Maanvi Gagroo and others lend good support.Question Mark doesn't come across as a wannabe attempt but at the same time it doesn't seem like a polished product either. It's somewhere in between and only intermittently does it leave a mark.Verdict: Above average", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11919866", "title": "Will Goa\u2019s voters sweep out corruption this election?", "text": "MARGAO: Goa goes to the polls at a point in time when corruption has emerged as a major talking point in the state, when a section of the people is looking for a change in the system. The election could actually be an opportunity to clean up the state's political stables, which though a herculean task, perhaps needs to be done so as to cast away the rot that has seeped into the system. The question is whether the electorate is prepared to do this.While the promise of tackling corruption will appear prominently on every manifesto, the seriousness in embarking upon the task of doing away with the evil doesn't exist.Few among the electors would actually consider corruption an issue before casting their vote.\"Corruption has never been an effective issue, in Goa or elsewhere in India, based on which people decide who to vote for. There may be a small minority who may vote on this issue but the common man has a different mindset. For the common man it is 'let him eat as long as he does my work' or 'you eat and give me some also'. So corruption doesn't matter to him,\" says Konkani writer Uday Bhembre.Those in Goa concerned about graft could actually be a minority. In 2011 corruption was the one issue that galvanized the country, but the Anna Hazare-led movement drew little support in Goa and as elections in Goa draw closer, corruption doesn't appear to have made an impression on the electorate. All, however, talk about it.\"We criticize but ultimately go along with those we are criticizing. This is very disturbing and there is a large section that is doing this. It baffles me why this is so. I think it is probably because we are shortsighted and see the immediate gains and overlook the long term effects,\" rues Bhembre.Though a section of the voters, may be looking at the coming election not as a mere means to replace a government, but as an opportunity to save Goa, the candidates propped up by the two major political parties vying to occupy the treasury benches in the legislature do not inspire such feelings.\"Can we talk of a change when we are telling people to replace one set of politicians with another set that is no different?\" asks political observer Cleofato Almeida Coutinho.Leave aside the tested politicos who are back in the fray, the few fresh names that Congress and BJP have conjured aren't of individuals that have proved their passion for Goa through deeds that have made a positive difference to the state, say observers.\"Change or 'parivartan' cannot take place merely by change in the ruling party or new representatives in the assembly. Some cosmetic changes would be definitely seen. For major departures towards transparent governance, people-oriented policies, sustainable growth coupled with environmental preservation, we need legislators aligned and committed to these causes. Among the present runners who are participating in the mad race to the Goa assembly the option for 'parivartan' is weak,\" says educationist Prabhakar Timble.Observers feel it is the hesitation of clean persons to enter the fray that has led to this situation. \"We are all talking of a change but not ready to give up our work and enter politics fulltime. We will join a morcha, go for a rally and talk about change after office hours. How many will give up what they are doing to change the system?\" asks Almeida Coutinho.As an example he points out to five years back when the Goa Bachao Abhiyan was at its peak, yet its leaders shied away from taking the plunge in the 2007 elections, a move that was expected from them and could have resulted in a changed political scenario.\"To bring about a change we require people with credibility. A concerted effort by a group of people will have to be made in order to bring about change,\" says Almeida Coutinho.\"Change occurs through mass movements which throw social leaders in all arenas including political. This is the gap and challenge in our state,\" says educationist Prabhakar Timble. Until that gap is somehow narrowed, Goa's politics will continue to revolve around the same set of persons and issues that appeal to the myopic among the voters.One social activist pointed out that remaining positive is the best approach to change and that though the major parties may not have given the electorate a choice, some social groups have propped up candidates in constituencies that could revolutionize Goan politics.Yet, two reasons observers give as to why there will be no change now, is that there is no face to a third front alternative and that those who are talking about it are doing only that-talking-and no more.They still assert that this attitude can be changed, through constant education about the consequences of this laissez-faire attitude. \"It is a long term project that will not happen in my lifetime, but I hope is does some day,\" hopes Bhembre.Assembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11921087", "title": "Tipu\u2019s armoury to be shifted", "text": "MYSORE: One of the eight armouries of Tipu Sulan which lies adjacent to the railway track near Srirangapatna Railway Station will be shifted soon to facilitate the doubling of Mysore-Bangalore railway line. If everything goes according to the plan, the work of shifting the armory will commence in May and will be completed with the next six months.Experts proposed two plans to relocate the armoury - shift the structure entirely to a place about 90 metres away or dismantle it layer by layer from the top and reconstruct it at the designated spot. According to the plan one, the structure weighing 1,000 tonnes excluding the foundation will be lifted using jacks and using a trolley it will be relocated to the new location. The project is estimated to cost about Rs 20 crore.A team of experts from the Institution of Engineers India, Bangalore visited the spot to study about the feasibility of the plan. They will submit their report later in this week.They dug upto 25 feet to check what lies under the building. They also visited the proposed place for relocating the armoury. According to sources, plan one is preferred by the authorities concerned. It involves digging an 18-foot deep canal and pushing the armoury forward with the help of iron rods, says the sources.\"The project will be a first in the country,\" said Murali Krishna Reddy of Institution of Engineers India, Bangalore. \"Our team will submit the report to railway authorities in a couple of days and officials of the railways and the archaeology departments will decide the future course of action,\" added Reddy.The only other example of a monument being shifted was in Egypt in the late 1980s, when a temple was relocated to prevent it from being consumed by the floods in Nile River. The complex was dismantled brick-by-brick and reassembled in the new place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11919204", "title": "Mumbai civic polls: At 45%, same old story", "text": "Nothing seems to move the Mumbaikar to step out and vote. Not a public holiday, not flexible office hours, not lakhs of SMSes, not civic activism, not even the daily pain of potholed roads and waterless taps. They may rave and rant about corruption and red tape, but when it comes to casting a vote, and making a difference to how the city is governed, Mumbaikars fight shy. Only 45% of the registered voters turned up to vote in the BMC election on Thursday.The tony neighbourhoods of Colaba, Churchgate and Cuffe Parade repeated their past record with a measly turnout of 34%, the lowest in the city. Topping voting enthusiasm was the eastern suburb of Bhandup (49.5%) and the western suburbs of Goregaon (45.2%) and Andheri East (48.3%).The low turnout elicited mixed reactions from the leading contenders. While Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray indicated a hung House by claiming he would be happy if Uddhav and his estranged cousin Raj came together again, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan sounded almost cocky.Attributing the poor turnout to the long weekend, he said, \"I don't think that will halt the Congress-NCP from taking over the BMC.\" While the turnout (percentage-wise) till the time of going to press appeared similar to the turnout in the last election in 2007, this may present an inaccurate picture as seven lakh more voters turned up at booths on Thursday than in 2007. The city's performance is a marginal improvement since previous elections, officials said.\"The number of voters this year jumped by nearly 20% from 83 lakh voters in the last election to 1.03 crore this time. This, however, is not possible and there has been some error in the voting lists,\" said BMC commissioner Subodh Kumar. The population of Mumbai has risen by 3% in the five-year period since the earlier polls, and Kumar concluded that this time, the performance was marginally better.The overall turnout in the state's 10 municipal corporations which went to polls on Thursday was 54%. Mumbai's performance paled in comparison to neighbouring townships, with Thane polling an impressive 55%. Ulhasnagar in comparison polled 45%, a 4% jump over the earlier polls. The financial capital also fell way behind other corporations with Nashik, Amravati and Solapur polling at 58%, Nagpur 55% and Pune 53%.The polls went off peacefully with no major untoward incidents reported from anywhere in the state. The state election commission said the only glitches related to three electronic voting machines breaking down across the state. They were promptly replaced. Chaos reigned in parts of Mumbai, however, with many voters, including prominent citizens like Gulzar, finding their names missing from the voting lists. Residents in Andheri (W) found their names enlisted in the wrong voting constituency and were unable to cast their ballot.\"I thank people from across the state who understood the responsibility of casting their votes and came out in large numbers to vote,\" said state election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan, adding, \"the poor turnout in Mumbai is a serious issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11919775", "title": "Do not take us for granted, Muslims warn Sardinha, Cong", "text": "PANAJI: Goa Muslim Forum (GMF) chief coordinator Sheikh Iftikar warned the Congress party not to take Muslims for granted. He was reacting to the statement of Congress Member of Parliament Francisco Sardinha that the GMF appeal to boycott the Congress will not affect the party during the March 3 polls.Speaking to TOI, Iftikar said, \"These are Congress leaders who say they are secular but I'm sorry to say that they are the main reason for not uplifting the Muslim community.\"He also accused the Congress party of giving ticket to M K Sheikh in Fatorda, who is perceived as weak candidate. \"This shows that the Congress leaders don't want Muslims to be present in the Goa assembly.\"Assembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11920141", "title": "Big fight for city's 9 seats reaches feverish pitch", "text": "LUCKNOW: With only three days left for polling, the fight for nine seats of the state capital reached a feverish pitch on Thursday with bigwigs from major political parties descending in the city to catch the imagination of the people. If Congress general secretary stormed the city with his roadshow, chief minister Mayawati wooed voters by showcasing memorials she built and renovation of the Hazratganj during her rule, BJP veteran LK Advani promised good governance in UP, if voted to power, alike in BJP-ruled states Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Bihar. The district had eight assembly seats which after delimitation have increased to nine.Rahul zoomed through different parts of Lucknow covering 35 km in three-and-a-half-hour roadshow which covered six assembly constituencies. For security reasons, he had to avoid an open vehicle but stood near the open door of a luxury bus and waved at the huge crowd collected all along the route. Rahul hand on Wednesday addressed two public meetings in the district but they were at the outskirts. On Thursday, he covered the city. Amid tight security, his cavalcade passed through old city areas with high concentration of Muslim population to main thoroughfares and posh localities. The crowd was more in old city in comparison to other parts. The roadshow also caused traffic jams. Congress at present has one seat out of eight in LucknowThe BJP election meeting at Kapoorthala crossing also attracted huge crowd. People turned in large number to listen to BJP patriarch LK Advani who raised the issue of corruption and misrule under Congress led UPA government at the Centre and BSP government in the state. Lucknow has been the stronghold of BJP since long. Prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee represented the city from 1991 till 2009 in parliament. A public meeting in Kapoorthala used to be a regular feature in all the election campaigns of Vajpayee. Now after his retirement from the politics, Advani has kept the tradition alive. The BJP is also banking on Vajpayee's name and image to woo voters during ongoing assembly election in the state. It had won four assembly seats in 2007.Chief minister Mayawati on the other hand held a public meeting in Telibagh. She compared development done by her in the city with that of Paris in France. However, the crowd in her meeting was mainly from the rural and backward areas of the district. She promised all round development if voted to power again. Mayawati also blamed Centre for not providing enough money for development work in the state. The BSP had surprised everyone by winning two seats in 2007 assembly elections -- Sarojininagar, a rural seat, and Mahona comprising both posh areas of the city like Gomtinagar and rural areas like Bakshi Ka Talab. The party is hoping to repeat the 2007 performance in the ongoing elections, polling for which will be held on Sunday. Assembly elections news 2012UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11920233", "title": "Slain teacher's family to get Rs 2L from govt", "text": "CHENNAI: The government on Thursday announced 2 lakh for the family of teacher Uma Maheshwari, who was killed by her student at St Mary's Anglo Indian Higher Secondary School in Parry's on February 9.In a press release, chief minister J Jayalalithaa expressed condolences to the family.The school had earlier announced that 5 lakh would be placed in a fixed deposit for funding the education of the slain teacher's daughters Sangeetha and Janani. The family had expressed concern that there was no word from the state government after the incident.Uma Maheshwari was stabbed to death by a student who claimed he was upset that she had made adverse remarks against him and complained to his parents. The incident had sent shock waves among the student and teacher community in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "11920916", "title": "China: No manned space mission in 2012", "text": "BEIJING: China has put off its plan to send a manned mission this year to experiment space rendezvous and docking mission.Instead an unmanned spacecraft would be sent to follow up last year's successful experiment of space docking, official media here reported on Thursday.Plans are afoot to launch the unmanned 'Shenzhou 9' spacecraft in June 2012, to complete space rendezvous and docking missions with the Tiangong-1 space lab module currently orbiting the earth, the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation said.The launch of the manned Shenzhou 10 will be delayed until next year according to the latest schedule , the report said.Last October on the eve of the launch of Shenzhou 8, the spokeswoman for China's space program, Wu Ping, had said that they would send two more such missions in 2012.The reasons for postponement of manned flight were not specified. The flights were part of efforts by China to establish its own space station , on the lines of Russian station Mir deorbited in March 2001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mapusa/margao", "code": "11919731", "title": "Braganza, Pagi pull out of electoral fray", "text": "MAPUSA/MARGAO: Congress-NCP alliance rebel candidates in Mapusa Armindo Braganza and Daya Pagi in Canacona were prominent among those who withdrew from the fray on Thurday. Among the others who did the same include Suresh Pilarnkar from Fatorda, G Bhendefrom Curchorem and Dixon Vaz from Benaulim and Francis Fernandes from Siolim.. Around 40 candidates withdrew at the end of the last day of withdrawal of nomination forms which include 30 independents.Two candidates who had earlier filed their nominations for the forthcoming assembly elections withdrew their nominations on Thursday, February 16 - the last day of withdrawal. While independent Dixon Vaz , withdrew his nominations from Benaulim and has extended his support to aspirant John Fernandes (Trinamool Congress), the Janata Dal (United)'s nomination for Fatorda Suresh Pilarnekar withdrew from the fray and has chosen to support sitting MLA Damodar Naik (BJP) during the run up to March 3 assembly elections.Following the withdrawal of Vaz- president of the Goa Seamean Association of India (GSAI) and Pilarnekar- former Salcete deputy collector and former general secretary of now defunct Save Goa Front (SGF), there are 7 remaining candidates in Benaulim and 8 remaining candidates in Fatorda.Senior Congress and NCP leaders succeeded in convincing the rebel Armindo Braganza to withdraw from contesting the election from Mapusa as an independent.\"I extend my support to the NCP candidate Ashish Shirodkar\" Armindo said.Assembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11920588", "title": "Man held for abetting wife\u2019s suicide", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 38-year-old man, whose wife poisoned their daughters to death and then killed herself, was arrested on Wednesday regarding their demise, and has been lodged in the Coimbatore Central Prison.Police said, A Selvaraj, an electrician from Sowripalayam in the city, was working in an export company in Tirupur. The family which included his wife S Shanthi, 34 and their two daughters S Priyadharshini, 10, and Jeevadharshini, 3 lived in a rented house at Annai Velankanni Nagar in Sowripalayam. The electrician told his wife that the export company had provided a room for him in Tirupur, so he would stay there five to six days of the week.Recently, Shanthi came to know that her husband was having an extra-marital affair with a 30-year-old woman with whom he shared the room in Tirupur. They quarreled often over the phone.Police said, five years ago, when Selvaraj worked in a private company in Nava India, he had an extra marital affair. When Shanthi found out about his indiscretion, they quarreled often. Relatives intervened to resolve the marital discord and Selvaraj agreed to end the affair. For a while, the couple was happy. Selvaraj quit his job and joined an export company in Tirupur, a year and a half ago. He rekindled his affair with the same woman, and shared a room with her in Tirupur.Recently, Shanthi came to know through friends that he was living with another lady in Tirupur. They started quarreling frequently again. On February 14, the couple had a major fight over phone. The same night she administered poison to her daughters, killing them and then she took her own life.Selvaraj initially told police that they had planned to buy a new home worth Rs 9.50 lakh at Vellalore on the outskirts of the city. When, his mother refused to help them financially, she took the extreme step. But police had conducted an inquiry with his relatives and neighbours based on which they registered a case against Selvaraj under section 306 (abetment of suicide) and 498(A) (husband or relative of husband of a woman subjecting her to cruelty) of Indian Penal Code.\"The husband had caused this tragedy. We have arrested him and he has been lodged in prison. We plan to conduct a detailed inquiry with the woman he was living with in Tirupur,\" said inspector R Jeevanandam, Peelamedu police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11920258", "title": "Government rolls out red carpet to facilitate film shoots", "text": "NEW DELHI: Financial incentives, single window clearance for film shoot permissions and easier visa regime... the government is keen to roll out the red carpet for foreign and Indian filmmakers in an effort to boost tourism in the country.The government is keen to replicate the success of European countries that have encouraged Indian filmmakers to shoot in their countries and in turn seen a flood of tourists. The ministries of I&B; and tourism signed a memorandum of understanding to promote tourism through cinema.Tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahay said, \"We have set a target of adding 5-6 million tourists in the next five years. This partnership between the tourism and I&B; ministries aims at making people worldwide aware of our tourism destinations through films.\"Noting that clearances from several departments had proved to be a deterrent for filmmakers to shoot in India, he assured that the government would extend financial incentives to filmmakers for shooting in the country besides coordinating with state governments and departments for permissions.Sahay said destinations like Switzerland had become popular because of the large number of films made in those areas.I&B; minister Ambika Soni said the government wanted foreign filmmakers to shoot in India so that 'in bound' tourism gets a boost. \"Foreign governments make a lot of effort that Bollywood and other film industries shoot films there because they have seen that it results in increase in tourism,\" she said after signing the MoU.\"We want a single window clearance for filmmakers who want to shoot at locations in India,\" Soni said.The two ministries will constitute a national committee for coordination with various stakeholders for promotion of India as a film and tourism destination and for facilitating visas for films units from overseas. On some of the key aspects, the roadmap will be charted out through mutual consultations between the two ministries.Foreign shoots in India have remained steady for the past three years. While in 2009-10, 23 permissions were granted for shooting in India, 21 permissions were granted in 2010-2011. About 20 permissions have been granted so far in this financial year.The MoU is also expected to increase India's share in world tourist arrivals from 0.6% to 1% by the end of the 12th five-year plan. This will result in 11.37 million foreign tourist arrivals by 2016, compared to 6.29 million foreign tourist arrivals in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11924132", "title": "Hexaware eyeing $370m revenue in 2012", "text": "Hexaware is among the few mid-tier IT companies that have earned handsome returns on bourses in the past 12 months. The stock has nearly doubled during the period compared with an 8% decline in the ET Infotech index.The company has grown faster than the average industry growth rate in the past six quarters. Its recent success in bagging larger orders with multi-year execution will help in sustaining growth in 2012. The company closed its latest fiscal in December 2011 with a strong 33% jump in dollar-denominated revenue of $308 million, not withstanding the macro-economic concerns in its major markets - including the US and Europe.In rupee terms, it grew 37.5% to Rs 1,450.5 crore, helped by weaker rupee against the dollar. The robust topline growth came with improved profitability, reflecting the company's shift towards high-margin business.The margin at the earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortisation (EBITDA) improved 930 basis points (bps) to 18.2% in 2011. The impressive margin improvement was partly due to a faster scaling up of operations.The company clinched four large deals during the year, of which two were over $250 million (around . 1,225 crore) each. Larger deals tend to become more profitable as the time passes due to better planning and utilisation of the workforce.A higher proportion of employees with less than two years of experience, increased share of revenue from offshore operations, and depreciation in rupee against the dollar were other factors that boosted profitability.While the currency movement will be a wildcard, given a faster appreciation in rupee in January, which may take away some benefit of higher margin in the March quarter, the management has hinted at sustainable growth momentum in the coming quarters.The company expects to improve its revenue by 20% to $370 million (around Rs 1,800 crore) in 2012. Though the forecast is far more muted than the rate of growth last year, it is higher than the average industry growth estimate of 11-14 % by Nasscom, the IT sector trade body. Given the order pipeline, Hexaware's growth estimate looks achievable.The company added 15 clients in 2011, the most in any year so far and the traction looks intact in the current fiscal.It is pursuing four large deals worth more than $25 million each. Another growth indicator is the thrust on employee addition. Hexaware plans to raise its current headcount of 8,317 by another 2,500, after adding 1,806 last year.This looks significant considering that the rate of employee attrition has sobered down to 13.9% in the December 2011 quarter from 19.6% a year ago. At the current price of Rs 98.3, Hexaware's stock trades at an expected price-earnings ratio of 10 for 2012, considering the company's full year growth estimates and less aggressive net margin of 16%, which is lower than past year's margin of 18.4%.With the buoyant demand scenario across verticals and focus on high margin projects, the company's stock is expected to outperform the sector index even in 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11920653", "title": "Sightless man wins a long battle to get into IAS", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After a long struggle, 32-year-old Ajit Kumar became the second 100% visually impaired man to join the Indian Administrative Service . On Wednesday, he received a letter asking him to join the service.A resident of Haryana's Kheri village, Kumar ranked 208 among 791 candidates who qualified in the civil services examination held by the UPSC in 2008. \"Despite a good rank, the DoPT offered me the Indian Railway Personnel Service (IPRS),\" he said.Kumar approached the Central Administrative Tribunal. In 2010, the CAT directed the DoPT to appoint him an IAS within eight weeks. But the orders were not implemented. Kumar sought CPM MP Brinda Karat's help to meet the Prime Minister. After that, the files moved. \"I am packing my bags and will be off to Mussoorie this week where I will be trained from February 20,\" said Kumar. He is an MA in Political Science.\"Initially, I wanted to be a doctor as we had lost a relative due to prolonged illness,\" he told TOI. Kumar lost his vision due to acute diarrhea when he was five years old. \"Without sight, it is not possible to work as a surgeon. So, I changed my mind and decided to become an IAS,\" he said.Son of a retired block development and panchayat officer in Haryana, Kumar studied in a Delhi blind school. He had a good academic record and became assistant professor in Sham Lal College of Delhi University in 2007. Earlier, he had worked as a government teacher in Haryana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11918358", "title": "Injured Israeli diplomat recovering", "text": "NEW DELHI: The condition of Tal Yehoshua-Koren, the Israeli diplomat who is recuperating at a hospital after being injured in Monday's bomb attack, remains stable and she is likely to be discharged soon.Admitted to the ICU of Primus Super Specialty Hospital, 40-year-old Yehoshua-Koren, the wife of Israel's defence attache, has undergone spine and liver surgeries and is responding well to treatment, doctors said on Thursday.Dr Arun Bhanot, chief of spine surgery, said her condition is improving. \"She is stable and conscious. We will monitor her for another day at the ICU and then we will shift her to a room, depending on her condition.\"Yehoshua-Koren was taken to the hospital on Monday evening after shrapnel penetrated her spine and liver. \"Only one shrapnel could be removed from her spine. Minute ones are still lodged in body parts like the liver and the lungs. They need not be taken out as they are not going to affect her physical condition,\" the doctor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11919107", "title": "Bookies back BJP-SS returning to the helm", "text": "NAGPUR: If the bookies are to be believed then the ruling BJP-Shiv Sena alliance is set to return to rule the city municipal corporation after results are declared on Friday.After gauging the voters' mood and percentage of polling in each booth, the bookies feel that the saffron alliance is set to score yet another thumping victory over the Congress-NCP-Lokmanch alliance. The bookies are offering equal odds on their prediction of a BJP-Sena victory in 59 seats. On the other hand, bookies feel that Congress cannot go beyond 40 seats.Another set of bookies feel that BJP-Sena-RPI (Aghadi) could bag more than 65 while Congress may cross 45.According to local bookmakers, NCP cannot go beyond five seats. BSP too would win in only five seats while independents may take more than two more dozen seats.The changing poll equation and percentage kept bookies on their toes through the day. \"It was difficult for bookies and punters to gauge the mood as the contests were complex in each ward. Factors like BSP, rebels and independent candidates ensured calculations remained critical,\" said an experienced punter.The bookies were also challenged by changing equations of some of stalwarts like BJP's Sandeep Joshi from Jail ward and NCP's Prakash Gajbhiye from VNIT ward. \"Voters changed their mood at the last moment and there was a swing in their fortunes as unexpected factors started working,\" he said.Favourite BJP candidate Joshi's odds were reversed after the voting pattern on V-Day and now his chances are being pegged at 1.25p against Congress's Munna Jaiswal's 40-45p.BJP's Dayashankar Tiwari from Gandhibagh ward was a favourite till a day before, but an odd of 1.50p is now being offered for him against Congress Saifuddin Shaikh and NCP's Deepa Thaokar. NCP's Duneshwar Pethe was considered an underdog earlier but his status changed after the polling, and now the bookies feel that his prospects are brighter. Pethe's odds are 70p against BJP's Hitesh Joshi's 1.25p in Hiwre Nagar ward.According to a bookie, every ward is characterized by some candidates who have changed the equations. \"Candidates with next-door-boy image in some wards actually damaged the prospects of stalwarts, who may lose by a whisker due to this factor. This unpredictability added to the uncertainty in each ward, so punters could end up losing money while bookies become lucky,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11920373", "title": "Vijayamma\u2019s petition against Naidu rejected", "text": "HYDERABAD: The AP High Court on Thursday dismissed the petition filed by Y S Vijayamma, the widow of late chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy, seeking a CBI probe into the assets of former chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu and his associates.The bench comprising Justice G Rohini and Justice Asuthosh Mohanta nullified the order of another division bench of the court that ordered a CBI probe. \"The petition of the YSR Congress leader cannot be treated as a public interest litigation (PIL),\" the bench said.The bench held that Vijayamma's petition appeared to be in retaliation to the earlier petition by Congress and TDP leaders that resulted in a CBI probe into the assets of YS Jaganmohan Reddy, the son of the petitioner. It also said that YSR too had filed several petitions against Naidu with the same allegations and could not succeed.Filing a petition now seeking a probe into Naidu's 1995-2004 regime without explaining the reasons was abuse of the judicial process, the bench said. \"The petition was filed to settle political scores. It does not possess any elements to be qualified as a PIL,\" the bench said. Referring to the order of the first bench, the judges said it did not follow the principles of natural justice like notifying the respondents, hearing their version, etc., before ordering a CBI probe in November 2011.Some of Naidu's associates had challenged the order of the first bench in Supreme Court. The apex court did not interfere with the order but directed the HC to hear the respondents and decide the case.However, there were several twists and turns when the matter reached the first bench. First came the practice of `Not Before Me' between judges and lawyers. The bench could not hear the matter. It came up before a bench headed by Chief Justice Madan B Lokur and later before Justice Eswaraiah, both of whom recused from the hearing due to links with the case.It was finally posted before a bench headed by Justice Rohini bench when Vijayamma's counsel expressed apprehensions about her, citing three earlier judicial orders that went in favour of Naidu. However, hearing the case, Justice Rohini bench had stayed the CBI probe and reserved its final judgment which was finally passed on Thursday.Vijayamma, the bench noted while dismissing the plea, did not launch even a police complaint against Naidu and hence cannot claim that the authorities had failed in acting against her complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11920568", "title": "Two sisters buried alive in landslide", "text": "SHIMLA: Two sisters were buried alive in a landslide triggered by heavy rains and snow near Tawari bridge of Chamba district of Himachal Pradesh on Thursday while the intense cold continued to grip the region.Chino, 21, and Devo, 20, of nearby Bairagarh were buried under a massive landslide near Tawari Bridge and succumbed to their injuries on way to the hospital, police said.Meanwhile, minimum temperatures dropped by one to three degrees in mid and higher hills while the maximum day temperatures remained steady. Manali was the coldest in the non-tribal areas with minimum temperature dropping to minus 3 degree Celsius while Shimla and Solan reeled under piercing cold wave with a low of 0.2 degree and 0.5 degree, three degree below normal.Himachal Pradesh is likely to receive more rain and snow over the weekend, the Met Office here has forecast. \"There are chances of rain and snowfall in the state from Feb 18 to 20,\" the weatherman said. He said storm systems originating from the Mediterranean Sea and moving across the Afghanistan-Pakistan region into northern India would be active again in the region, and bring rain and snowfall. There was no respite from cold conditions in Haryana and Punjab as minimum temperatures at most places remained below normal today with mercury hovering close to the freezing point at Hisar and Karnal.Hisar and Karnal in Haryana recorded identical minimum temperatures of 1.4 degrees Celsius each, down by record nine and eight notches, respectively, the MeT Department said. Night temperature in Chandigarh dropped by five notches to settle at 4.8 degree Celsius.In Punjab, cold conditions continued to prevail in Amritsar, with minimum settling at 3.1 degree Celsius, down four notches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11923409", "title": "Counting starts in Nashik, BJP wins 2 seats", "text": "NASHIK: Counting of votes for 122 wards of Nashik Municipal Corporation began at 10 this morning. Early trends suggested that Congress was leading in 6 seats, NCP in 5, BJP in 3 and MNS in 3. BJP candidate Dr Rahul Aher was declared elected. He defeated nearest rival, NCP's Gokul Pingle by a margin of 100 votes. Sitting BJP corporator Seema Mahesh Hiray was also declared elected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11919110", "title": "No end to woes of hospitalized warehouse collapse victim", "text": "NAGPUR: The woes of the Kalamna warehouse collapse victim's family don't seem to end. While the only victim still in hospital, Rajesh Gaikwad's condition remains critical, the labourer's family has fallen into a financial mess as well.Till Thursday, Rajesh was undergoing treatment at the government run Mayo hospital free of charge. However his family decided to shift him to a private hospital, despite the heavy burden of the bills that they would had to pay as they believed that they could avail better treatment facilities in a private set up.However, now they are considering taking him back to a government hospital as they have already sold off their ancestral home at Dongargarh to meet the daily expenses of the hospital, which has piled up to 30,000 to 35,000 and would have to do the same with their farmlands if they keep him in the private hospital for long.\"I am worried about the fate of not just my husband, but also my five children. How am I ever going to provide for them?,\" questioned Rajesh's wife Brijbai Gaikwad in a choked voice. She explained that her husband remains conscious for a couple of days and then again slips into a state of unconsciousness. At one such time when he was not in his senses, the family thought that the quality of treatment was responsible for it and therefore took Rajesh away to a private hospital.When asked why they had not taken him back to a government hospital, she said that she feared that since they had left despite the doctors telling them not to, her husband may be denied treatment.Mayo hospital officials informed that Gaikwad was taken away by his family members, against medical advice, on Thursday evening, while still in an unconscious state.The doctor whose hospital the Gaikwad family chose for Rajesh's treatment said that his condition is still critical. \"There is a definite improvement in his condition, he is almost 25 per cent better than when he was brought here. Since he had inhaled a lot of ammonia, he has fallen prey to pneumonia, too,\" said the doctor. He said that they are trying to make the financial burden on the Gaikwad family lighter by offering them concessions in hospital and nursing chargesThe eldest of Gaikwad's five children is 18-year-old and would be appearing for his HSC examinations in less than a month's time. Three of his siblings are also studying, while one of them opted out of school and is minding the farms. This source of income may also have to be sacrificed by the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11920186", "title": "Centre quashes suspensionof UP's senior-most IAS officer", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Centre on Thursday quashed the suspension of UP's senior most IAS officer , Promilla Shanker, in the first such intervention.It called the suspension \"totally misplaced'' and an \"utter disregard of the guiding principles for placing government servants under suspension''.The state government had suspended her under rule 8 of the All India Services (Discipline &amp; Appeal) rules, 1969, for leaving the headquarters without permission and proceedings to Colombo. She had informed the state government of her intention to avail two-day casual leave on September 5 and 6 2011, but the state government took it as a violation of the rule. Shanker's suspension came a day after she had submitted a report on the Yamuna Expressway Authority. The Central government quashed the suspension terming it \"ultra vires\". The state government had issued the suspension order on August 9 last for going abroad without informing.\"The Central government as the Appellate Authority has decided to hold the suspension order of Promilla Shanker as void abinitio after hearing her appeal against the UP government,\" the Central government said in its order.When asked to comment, a senior official said the state government would look into the Centre's order.The Central government, however, in its order categorically said the state government's decision to suspend Promilla Shanker was totally misplaced, as this was in utter disregard of the guiding principles for placing government servant under suspension. The order stated that having regard to the circumstances of the case and the nature of charges drawn against her, Shanker's continuance in office was neither going to prejudice the departmental inquiry instituted against her, nor subvert the discipline in office she was working in. There appeared to be no wider public interest involved in placing her under suspension and the charges do not appear to be such which may result in her dismissal, removal or compulsory retirement from service, the order further stated.Such an intervention by the Central government is first of its kind, as there is no such precedent. A 1976 batch IAS of UP cadre, Shanker is the senior most of all, including present chief secretary Anoop Mishra. She was posted as commissioner National Capital Region (NCR), Noida when put under suspension.The revocation of her suspension has come as a much needed reprieve as she is due to retire on February 29. Further, the Central government in its order said there was no charge of corruption, moral turpitude, embezzlement or misappropriation of funds, possession of disproportionate assets, serious negligence or dereliction of duty against her.When contacted in New Delhi, Promilla Shanker said: \" I am now back in my office and my stand has been vindicated.\" But then, she said, she would not leave the matter here and would fight for her pride and against all those who had conspired to humiliate her.The state government had placed her under suspension as disciplinary proceedings for major penalty under rule 8 of the All India Services (Discipline &amp; Appeal) rules, 1969, for leaving the headquarters without prior permission and proceedings to Colombo. Although she had informed the state government of her intention to avail two days casual leave on September 5 and 6 in 2011, the state government took it as a violation of the rule.Shanker's suspension came a day after she had submitted a report on the Yamuna Expressway Authority. In her report she had pointed out a large number of irregularities in the land acquisition process by the authority and held it responsible for embarking on Yamuna township plan without the formal approval of the National Capital Region Board.While refusing to accept the report, the state government decided to suspend her on the pretext of foreign trip without taking a prior permission. When failed to get any remedy from the government, Shanker filed an appeal under before the Central government under the rule 16 (i) of the All India Services ( Discipline &amp; Appeal ) Rules, 1969.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11918824", "title": "Parties fear fractured mandate, eye alliances", "text": "PUNE: It's not only the psephologists who are worried about low voter turnout in elections. As far as Thursday's polling is concerned, political parties too are a worried lot. After just 51% of city's population decided to have their say in selecting their leaders, political parties now fear that this apathy would once again lead to a fractured mandate. While the ruling Nationalist Congress Party and the Congress poll managers immediately jumped to calculations about the possibility of a post-election alliance, the BJP-Shiv Sena leaders are closely observing the performance of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena in Mumbai and Pune.Political activity in the city went into a frenzy, and poll strategies were planned immediately after voting was over, as the next few weeks will be crucial for decisions on alliances.\"Yes, it's a fact that low turnout is a cause for concern. We hoped more citizens would come out and vote. We still are hopeful that the Congress will emerge stronger,\" said city Congress chief Abhay Chhajed. Interestingly, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has already announced that the Congress is open to join hands with the NCP in Pune if any party fails to get the majority.\"Though I won't be able to talk much on clear majority right now, I'm sure the NCP will come out as the single largest party,\" said city NCP president Vandana Chavan. She blamed faulty voter lists as one of the reasons for the low turnout. \"Many people that approached us, complaining that they were not able find their names in the voter's lists. In some cases, family members found their names in different wards,\" said Chavan.The NCP is keeping a close watch on the developments in the Congress. In 2007, Congressmen pushed for a post-election alliance with the NCP, but MP Suresh Kalmadi was unwilling to let go of the mayor's post. Pawar then forged the Pune Pattern in which the NCP, BJP and Shiv Sena joined hands to keep the Congress out, bringing to an end its 15-year hold over the civic body.\"Though the turnout was low, we are confident of a better performance in the PMC as compared to 2007. The new panel system was one of the reasons for low turnout. People were confused,\" said Shiv Sena MLC Neelam Gorhe.The Sena will look at the number of seats the MNS wins in Mumbai and Pune. \"If Sena joins hands with the MNS in Mumbai, same pattern could be followed in Pune,\" said a senior Sena leader. MNS chief Raj Thackeray has already made it clear that he is not averse to joining hands with the Sena, if they need help for a majority.In the 2007 polls, Shiv Sena maintained its numbers despite Raj Thackeray's party breaching the saffron vote bank. It won 20 seats while MNS bagged eight. Political pundits expected that Sena's numbers will dwindle with the MNS in the fray, but it managed to keep its flock together. But this election may be another prospect with Raj Thackeray also focusing on the Pune civic elections, besides Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kakinara (north 24-parganas)", "code": "11919754", "title": "Student saves sister from molesters, beaten up", "text": "Kakinara (North 24-Parganas): A 20-year-old engineering student was severely beaten up by drunken youths at Kakinara railway station on the Sealdah-Ranaghat section, on Wednesday night when he tried to protect his sister from being molested by them. The girl, a Class-XII passout, was waiting to board a train back home along with his brother, when the gang attacked. Despite repeated appeals by the girl to save her brother, neither the GRP nor the passengers allegdly came to help them. The trio continued to beat the boy till three of the girl's tuition friends rescued him.In yet another molestation strike a school student was attacked and injured by the molesters after he protested them for molesting his sister. Sayandip Ghosh Chowdhury, a 20-year-old engineering student was beaten up mercilessly by three drunken youths who tried to molest his sister at crowded Kakinara railway platform on Sealdah-Ranaghat section on Wednesday night while the girl, an HS passout was returning home along with his brother Sayandip after attending a tituon class for Joint entrance examination. During attack neither GRP men nor any passenger allegedly came to his rescue despite his panicked sister screamed and made repeated appeals to save her brother. The trio continued to beat Sayandip till three students who also used to attend that tuition class with the girl and came to the station to board a train, rescued him.The victims' father, an account official of the income tax department, lodged a diary on Wednesday night and later filed an FIR with Naihati GRP on Thursday morning. No one has been arrested in this connection yet.Saradindu Ghosh Chowdhury, Sayandip's father, an account official of income tax department first lodged a diary after the incident occurred on Wednesday night and he later also lodged an FIR with Naihati GRP on Thursday morning. No one has been arrested in this connection yet.The incident comes exactly a year after a 16-year-old student was stabbed to death by three drunken youths when he tried to stop his sister from being molested at Kachhari Maidan in Barasat. The incident comes just a year after a 16-year-old school student was stabbed to death by the three drunken youths while he tried to stop them from molesting his sister at Kacahhari Maidan in Barasat.In another incident, a few months back, And only a few months back in another incident,a 19-year-old girl, an engineering student, was critically injured after being stabbed by an eve-teaser at Barrackpore railway station while she was on her way back home after college. Wednesday's attack raises questions on the kind of security at the station. District administration and police, however, seem indifferent.The another attack made by the molesters at kakinara station on Wednesday has raised again the question about the security scenario across the the North 24 parganas district and police seem indifferent to take proper action against the molesters.The boy, a second-year engineering student and Sayandip, a second year student of electronics telecommunication in Kalyani engineering college and aresident of Mitrapara in Naihati, used to go to Kakinara every night to receive his sister, a mathematics honours student, from her tuitions.take his sister, a mathematics honurs student of Mahasin college in Hooghly after her tuition class near Kakinara station.At around 10.05pm on Wednesday, the siblings were waiting on platform no. 1 at Kakinara station for an Up train to reach their home in Naihati. Three inebriated youths, standing nearby, reportedly went closer to them. One of them then tried to touch the girl and pulled her towards himself which enraged the brother. The boy immediately came to his sister's rescue and put up a fight to resist the trio from molesting her. trying to pull her towards himself which enraged her brother. He strongly protested and tried to resist them from molesting her sister.Narrating his ordeal, the engineering student said, \"Only a few seconds after I protested, the drunken youths pushed me. I lost my balance and fell on the platform. Then they kicked and punched me repeatedly. Initially, I tried to put up a fight against them. But the trio continued to beat me up so beating me upseverely that I fell unconscious for a few minutes. They also tore my clothes apart.\" Sayandip said on Thursday at his residence.His sister was still traumatized at the turn of events. \"I screamed for help when the goons started beating my brother mercilessly. They also abused and threatened us with dire consequences. They also claimed to have a gun in their possessionthey had a gun. I appealed to the passengers several times to save my brother. But, unfortunately, nobody came to his rescue. The trio was beating him for about 10 minutes till three of my friends, who attend tuition classes with me, reached the station to return home and rescued my brother from the clutches of the goons. The trio, however, managed to flee the spot,\" the girl said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11919983", "title": "Car registration hits a bump in city", "text": "KOLKATA: Car stocks are piling up at automobile dealerships in the city, not because they have no takers. But because it is taking awfully long to register the vehicles. With the transport department insisting on clearance for not just all models but variants of each model as well, entire lots of cars are getting held up at dealerships. Cars cannot be handed over to customers until they are registered with the regional transport authority. In case of Kolkata, it is the public vehicles department (PVD).Though a provision under the West Bengal Motor Vehicles Tax (Amendment) Act, 2003 requires all new car models to be approved by the state transport authority prior to registration, dealers were not required to get minor variants like limited and special edition cars certified by the state. Speaking to TOI, sources said that problems cropped up when the transport department decided to implement this norm that had not been existed but never enforced earlier due to practical problems.But with the transport department now insisting that all variants be certified prior to registration, there's a logjam. \"There are nearly two dozen auto companies with over 100 models and more than 1,000 variants if one takes minor changes in configuration like additional leather seat cover or free floor mats into account. It really does not make any sense to certify each minor change in the model as no technical changes occur in the car's specifications. Moreover, there is no additional benefit to the transport department by way of higher fees,\" a dealer said.Though senior officials of all auto majors that TOI contacted acknowledged that a bottleneck had cropped up at the registration process in the state, most of them chose to remain tight-lipped fearing vendetta by the transport department and PVD.The problem will only get acute as auto companies constantly refresh products and make minor changes to keep customers interested. \"Unlike two decades ago, when there were only three automobile firms with few models and variants, the business has changed completely. But instead of greater facilitating, there is more hindrance,\" said an official of a German automaker.A senior official of an American auto giant also pointed out that unlike Delhi where the registration process could be done online, it still remained a cumbersome manual process in Kolkata with dealer representatives having to make at least six trips before the cars can hit the road.\"On the first day, we have to first submit all relevant documents for registration. This may include production of the car. On the second day, a registration number is allotted. The tax has to be submitted on the third day and the receipt is handed over on the fourth day. Thereafter, one has to pay the fees for the security number plate. The car has to be driven down on the assigned date to affix the number platesGiven the space constraints and congestion at PVD in Beltala, there is always a risk of scratch marks on the car surface. That may require several thousand rupees to mend, particularly in high value cars,\" a dealer explained.A senior transport department official said that the government was simply asking car dealers to follow procedures and applications were cleared at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11918607", "title": "School board slaps Rs 84,000 fine on principal", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Principal of a school in Patan jeopardized the careers of 84 students of class X when he suddenly disappeared taking away their examination forms as well as the exam fees.The board exams are scheduled to begin on March 5.Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board ( GSHSEB) slapped a fine of Rs 84,000 on Prabhat Desai, the principal of Radha Krishna High School of Patan, for negligence.The procedure of filling up the forms for the board exams was completed in November 2011. Radha Krishna High School was one of the seven schools that did not submit the students' forms and fees. Of these, six submitted, albeit after a lot of delay.The board officials kept reminding the Patan school to submit the forms for almost one-and-a-half month. The DEO was also asked to personally go and verify as to why the school was not submitting the forms.It was on February 8 that the school finally submitted the forms and the fees.Investigation revealed that Desai had \"disappeared\" and become incommunicado after taking the forms.Desai's reason for doing the disappearing act left the board officials shocked. \"He told us that there were sharp differences between him and the school's management. That was the reason why he decided to go incommunicado,\" a board official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11919399", "title": "ZP, PS election counting today", "text": "NAGPUR: The counting for Nagpur zilla parishad and panchayat samiti elections will be held along with that of NMC on Friday morning. The counting will be held tehsil-wise and the overall tally will be released by district administration in the afternoon. The counting for Nagpur (rural) taluka will be held in ZP school, Katol Road. The district administration has finalized centres for each taluka in the respective taluka places.There are 59 seats in ZP and 118 in panchayat samitis. This time, BJP , Shiv Sena , Congress and NCP are contesting separately and there will quite a few cliff-hangers. There is a possibility of violence at counting centres and hence police personnel have been deployed at these centres in large numbers.Political experts are keeping their fingers crossed over the outcome. With all the four parties contesting against each other it is difficult to predict who will win in many seats. Many strong independents have made the situation more complicated.The reputation of many top leaders of the district is at stake. Civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh had lost the recently held Katol municipal council election. If NCP does not perform well in Katol and Narkhed talukas he will suffer a big setback. Ramtek MLA Ashish Jaiswal (Sena) and Saoner MLA Sunil Kedar (Cong) are also hoping for victories in their areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11920912", "title": "Hrudayalaya, RedBus among top innovators", "text": "BANGALORE: Two Bangalore companies have made it to the list of the world's top 50 most innovative companies drawn up by US business magazine Fast Company.While Narayana Hrudayalaya Hospitals has been ranked the 36th most innovative company for changing the face of health delivery in India, online booking platform RedBus has been rated 48th for making bus ticketing and routing easy for passengers and operators alike.The magazine singles out Narayana Hrudayalaya's efforts towards driving down costs and accommodating the poorest of the poor. Describing Narayana Hrudayalaya as \"Wal-Mart meets Mother Teresa\", the magazine says hospital's Sanskrit name translates into \"God's compassionate home\".The hospital offers low-cost, highquality specialty care in a largely impoverished country of 1.2 billion people, it points out.About Redbus, the magazine says: \"Several years ago, on a busy holiday weekend, Phanindra Sama actually ran after some Indian bus operators in a failed attempt to catch a bus home.\"Fast Company, the US magazine, praises RedBus for bringing a huge change in the way tickets are booked. \"Customers can view open seats from multiple operators, purchase tickets, and post ratings. Meanwhile, bus operators can track seat availability in real time, and travel agents can pre-book passengers. RedBus tripled sales last year, adding 4.25 million riders,\" the magazine says.\"Narayana Hrudayalaya's operations include the world's largest and most prolific cardiac hospital where the average open-heart surgery runs less than $2,000, a third or less of what it costs elsewhere in India and a fraction of what it costs in the US,\" Fast Company says.Two other Bangalore companies, Wipro and Flipkart, figure among India's top most 10 innovative companies.The magazine - launched in November 1995 and managed by Alan Webber and Bill Taylor, two former Harvard Business Review editors - says that \"by thinking differently about everything, from the unusually high number of patients it treats to the millions for whom it provides insurance, and by thinking a lot like the world's largest retailer, the hospital group is able to continually wring out costs\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11923885", "title": "Milind is baddie again", "text": "The Mumbai hunk is all set to act in his second film with Karthi in director Suraaj's Alex PandianDirector Suraaj's Alex Pandian already boasts of a big line-up of actors. The latest to join this is Milind Soman. This is Milind Soman's second film with Karthi (after Paiyaa) and his fourth film in Kollywood. Suraaj says, \"We needed two villains. While Suman plays one, Milind plays the other. Both the roles are of equal importance and are pivotal to the script. He was signed on during our previous schedule in Vizag. He shot with us for a few days during that schedule too.\" Justifying why he chose the Bollywood hunk, Suraaj says, \"I wanted someone like Raghuvaran; someone who has the same physique and body language. Milind fits the bill perfectly and he's already done a film with Karthi to my advantage. The two actors share a good chemistry that translates well on screen.\" Milind too is upbeat about this role of his. \"I have shot for two days with this crew. It is a good role and I am very eager to be part of this film,\" he says. Talking about the ongoing strike between FEFSI and TNPC, Milind adds, \"This has been on for the past few weeks. I've committed some dates for this film, but the strike seems to have played truant. I'm hoping it will end soon. Nevertheless, I am thrilled to be part of this project and am hoping to be back on the sets as soon as possible.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11920487", "title": "Uncertainity ends as Piravom readies for March 18 bypoll", "text": "KOCHI: Bringing curtains down on the uncertainty over the date of Piravom bypoll, the Election Commission on Thursday declared that the constituency would go to polls on March 18. The notification of the bypoll, which is termed as a decisive one for both the fronts, will be issued on February 22.It was the death of T M Jacob who had been holding the water resources portfolio in the state cabinet that necessitated the bypoll. The last date for filing nominations is February 29 and the scrutiny will be held on March 3.The voting will be between 8 am and 5 pm on March 18 and the counting will be done on March 21. Both the fronts have already declared the candidates for the bypoll and started the campaigning. M J Jacob who contested in the last assembly elections as LDF candidate and lost to T M Jacob by a wafer thin margin will be the front's candidate in the bypoll.Though there were some controversies over fixing of candidates, the UDF declared Anoop Jacob, son of T M Jacob, as its candidate. As the Election Commission continued to postpone the declaration of poll date, the candidates and both the leading front had put the campaign to the backburner. Now that the date has been fixed, both the fronts will wake up from slumber and start aggressive campaigns.The factional feud in the CPM which was fanned by organisational polls and the row between the CPM and CPI will be the main problem the LDF will have to face.Issues like Mullaperiyar , the increasing gap between the Congress leadership in the party and those leading the government, fight between Balakrishna Pillai and his son Ganesh Kumar are the main hurdles before the UDF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11919403", "title": "Team Anna blames EC for low voter turnout", "text": "NAGPUR: Team Anna in Nagpur has blamed the Election Commission (EC) for the low voter turnout in the civic polls on Thursday. Members of India Against Corruption (IAC) feel that the EC failed to prepare an exhaustive voters list and in providing information to those whose names did feature in the list.Ajay Sanghi, IAC Nagpur coordinator, said, \"We are very disappointed with the low voter turnout and I feel the EC is to be blamed for it. Even though EC had five years to prepare they still have not managed to enrol all citizens in the voter list. Many voters are also bogus, my grandfather has expired but his name continues to be there. I have informed them a number of times but nothing changed.\"He added that many people who had enrolled were not given any information about which polling booth to go to. \"It is only because of political workers that people got information about their designated polling booths. In fact, it's the political parties who initiate voter registration drives, which should otherwise be actively pursued by the EC,\" said Sanghi.Anticipating the low voter turnout, IAC volunteers had stationed themselves at the busy Variety Square, urging citizens to vote, if they hadn't already. IAC volunteers approached all motorists who had stopped at the red light and spoke to them about the importance of voting. For those who had not cast their ballot, IAC members pleaded with citizens to not let their valuable right go to waste.Sanghi said, \"More than 50% people whom we spoke to had not voted, which was evident from the missing voting ink on their finger. Many of them gave various reasons, such as being from outside Nagpur, some said their name was not on the list while some said they were on their way to vote.\"The IAC is now firming up plans to make corporators more accountable by actively involving citizens in civic affairs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11918806", "title": "Police on bandobast duty fail to cast votes", "text": "PUNE: Several policemen from the city police force could not exercise their rights on Thursday as they were busy in bandobast duty to ensure smooth conduct of polling.Additional commissioner of police (crime) Anant Shinde said police personnel were provided the facility to exercise their franchise via postal ballot. Forms were made available to them at their respective police stations 15 days in advance. \"It was the duty of the person concerned to get the forms and complete the formalities of the postal ballot,\" Shinde said.A police constable attached to the Kothrud police station said, \"I could not cast my vote as I was on a bandobast duty in my jurisdiction. I live in Shivajinagar, and if my senior allows me, I will go and cast my vote. However, I don't think it would be possible.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "11918593", "title": "Govt begins exercise to revise jantri rates", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The Gujarat government has begun a fresh exercise of revising the jantri rate for the financial year 2012-13. But the big question is - will it take the risk of implementing whatever revisions that are suggested in an election year?Last month end, instructions were issued to district collectors to reassess the jantri rates, which is the official estimate of the value of real estate, based on which the state government charges stamp duty for every property deal.\"After a month-long exercise, the revised jantri will be conveyed to the Gujarat government by the end of February. The state government will have a month to decide on whether to implement it with necessary changes that may have taken place because of year-long fluctuations in the value of real estate prices. Ultimately, it will be a political decision on whether to put into practice the new jantri,\" said a senior government official. Last year, the state government had declared that it would revise jantri rates every year in order to reflect the latest real value of the immovable property. But looking into past experience, it may not happen.In 2006, Gujarat government revised the jantri rates after a gap of five years, but implemented the new rates only in 2008. Thereafter, though jantri rates were revised in 2009 and 2010, these were never implemented. Another revision took place in February 2011, and the state government went ahead with implementing it from April 1, 2011. At many places, it was three times higher than what was being charged in the previous three years. Hence, the state government was forced to slash the revision by 50% in a fortnight. This happened as the result of protest by large number of builders and real estate dealers, backed by several ministers, who stated that a very high jantri would mean paying a very high stamp duty too.The new revision for 2012-13 is taking place at a time when the number of real estate deals in Gujarat have fallen by about 10% in the last quarter of 2011 compared to the corresponding period of 2010. However, officials say, this is not due to any slowdown, but because the real estate dealers feel that even the slashed jantri rate remains on a higher side.\"This is the reason why we see that if the number of documents have gone down, the stamp duty collection has increased by about 28% during the same period. It suggests that the value of real estate has not gone down and there is no reason for having a lower jantri,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11920716", "title": "Head to traffic cops tomorrow with complaints", "text": "BANGALORE: Citizens can now walk into their jurisdictional traffic police station every third Saturday of the month to get their grievances redressed.Beginning this Saturday (February 18), a citizens' traffic forum meeting will be held at traffic police stations across the city.\"We wish to hear constructive suggestions and tips to improve traffic management in each area. We need public participation to ensure smooth traffic movement even as we look forward to redress citizens' grievances,\" said additional police commissioner (traffic) MA Saleem.He said a police officer will hear grievances and suggestions from people between 11.30am and 1.30pm at 39 traffic police stations across the city.TRAFFIC CURBS FOR SHIVARATRI RUSHWith Monday being Mahashivaratri, a general holiday, the extended weekend is likely to see many heading out of the city. Traffic police have, therefore, implemented a series of measures to ensure there's no congestion at the Kempe Gowda bus station, Majestic.\"We won't allow a large number of buses at the bus station at a given point of time. We have staggered entry of long-distance buses,\" Saleem said.Traffic police have also got the transport authorities to spread out boarding schedules across the city. Passengers travelling towards Hosur Road and beyond will have to board buses at Shantinagar, while those headed to Mysore and beyond can take the bus on Mysore Road, he added.Private buses cannot park anywhere in Majestic area on Fridays. Even parking of private cars won't be allowed as this could lead to jams in central parts of the city, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11920567", "title": "3 Customs officials held for smuggling", "text": "KOCHI: The CBI on Thursday arrested three Customs officials of the Cochin international airport in connection with the smuggling of electronic goods in 2010.The CBI court here remanded the trio - Customs superintend K C S Prasanth and preventive officers D S Pillai and Prasanna Kumar - for 14 days.CBI sources told TOI that the customs officials were allegedly conniving with a Chennai-based smuggling group. The gang had allegedly smuggled goods worth around Rs 30 crore during August-September, 2010.CBI had earlier arrested five persons suspected to be part of the Chennai-based group. The trail led to the customs officials when Tamil Nadu police seized smuggled goods near Sriperumbudur in October 2010. The smuggled goods included digital and video cameras, mobile phones and watches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11924032", "title": "Taapsee: Clearing rumours", "text": "Taapsee wonders where some rumours come from...Quiz Taapsee if the rumours of her being part of the Venkat Prabhu-Suriya film is try and she says, \"I've no idea who spreads these rumours. I've been flooded with calls and messages, asking if this is true. I was quite curious and rang up Venkat. But he was equally lost. In fact, Venkat was quite amused that without his knowledge, people had paired Ravi and me. He jokingly said he'd love it if someone gave him a script as well!\"In an earlier interview to CT, Taapsee said she'd readily say yes if she was approached with an offer to do a film with Suriya as she had lost out on an opportunity earlier, because she was busy with her projects across Tamil, Telugu and Hindi.Taapsee says still harbours that wish. With regards to her next project in Tamil, the actress, who is currently filming her debut Bollywood film, says, \"I will be free post March, and I'm reading a few scripts. I have the option of doing films in three languages. I'm eager to do a Tamil film as well,\" she answers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "11918444", "title": "Koraput women trash liquor distillery, allege govt inaction", "text": "KORAPUT: Distressed over the inaction of the excise department to check the manufacture and sale of illicit liquor in their village, a group of tribal women of Panasput under Boipariguda block of the district attacked a distillery on the outskirts of their village on Wednesday and destroyed the stocked liquor, alleging the liquor was wreaking havoc in their lives.The women folk said liquor has ruined their lives as male members of the village were always in an inebriated state, leading to tension in their homes.\"We have asked the officials concerned to stop sale of liquor in our village several times but to no avail. Officials gets hefty cuts from liquor traders and turn a blind eye to all illegal activities,\" said Jamuna Naik, a woman from the village. \"If any mishap occurs due to the liquor out families will be ruined. So, we decided to attack the distillery and have warned all liquor traders of the area not to sell liquor,\" she added.The villagers said sale of liquor in their village has increased in the past few days due to hectic electioneering by various candidates for the panchayat poll. The sale of liquor, which was limited to a few liters a day in the village, has now crossed over 100 liters a day, they said.\"The candidates are distributing money to lure voters and our men are spending all that money on liquor. Cashing in on the situation, liquor traders are mixing various chemicals in the liquor,\" said another villager Tillotomma Khora.The anti-liquor women brigade was also assisted by a few male members of the village in the destruction of the distillery. The villagers said they don't want any liquor trade in their village and henceforth will not hesitate to take law in their hands if necessary action is not taken by the authorities to stem the scourge.When contacted, Jeypore sub-collector Birendra Korkora said, \"I will inquire into the matter and necessary action will be taken to ensure illicit liquor is not sold in the village.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11920318", "title": "A \u2018model\u2019 show by students", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a move to create awareness among students about problems plaguing society, 22 schools got together to organize an exhibition near Charminar on Thursday where they put on show models reflecting the ground realities.Over 100 students who participated in the exhibition organized by Confederation of Voluntary Organizations (Cova) and Indian Child Action Network (Ican) highlighted issues ranging from child labour to pollution. The models put up at the show were categorized into five groups--health, environment, child labour, government schools and sports and recreation. A total of 66 models were put on display at the event which was held at a function hall.The students who belonged to Classes 7 and above engaged visitors with elaborate explanations. A mobile science lab was the centre of attraction. While the dazzling flames produced by burning potassium permanganate fascinated them, the frothy dry ice was intriguing. The children were also moved by the play titled 'Raj Hans', performed by Koshish theatre group. Osmania University ex-vice chancellor, Tirupathi Rao was the chief guest of the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11924479", "title": "Vaigha's encounter with supercop", "text": "Actress Vaigha is essaying the role of a police officer in Shaji Kaila's next - 'The King and the Commissioner'.\"It was such a surprise role. I play a north Indian IPS officer in it,\" says the actress.And the shoot was even more memorable when she learnt that apart from Mammootty , she will be sharing screen space with Mollywood's own onscreen super cop - Suresh Gopi.Meeting the tough guy was like a dream come true, she insists. \"He is such a great actor and very down-to-earth. Even though he's now an expert at playing a cop onscreen, he told me that he's still learning on the job. Though, he did offer a lot of tips that helped me take on the role better. He told me how to carry off the uniformed look and even helped with my dialogue delivery,\" says the actress.Well, if Vaigha's character in the film reminds you of Suresh Gopi, you will know why.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11872962", "title": "Amnesty scheme to unearth black money unlikely", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is unlikely to come out with any amnesty scheme to unearth black money or bring back unaccounted funds stashed abroad in the forthcoming Budget despite demands in this regard from a section of the industry.The finance ministry, according to sources, is not considering any amnesty plans as such a scheme raises ethical questions and benefits law breakers.Corporate affairs minister M Veerappa Moily had recently said that amnesty scheme was not the right way to deal with the menace of black money.\"Amnesty scheme is not the only answer,\" he had said and stressed that in practical terms, one has to remove the root cause of black money to eliminate generation of such funds.Concerned over the public outcry over black money, Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee had in May 2010 constituted a panel headed by the Chairman of Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) to suggest steps to strengthen laws to curb the generation of black money in the country, its illegal transfer abroad and recovery.The panel is slated to submit its report to the minister by February-end and its suggestions are likely to be incorporated in the budget for 2012-13.Industry chamber Assocham in its recent report on 'Black money menace in India' had suggested the government should provide immunity to persons wanting to bring back funds stashed abroad.The report said that opening of a special window would help in brining back substantial amount of funds which got parked outside India during the pre-liberalisation era.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11920534", "title": "Shell-Ducati rev up to scorch the Munnar-Coorg route", "text": "KOCHI: On Friday, the multi-terrain wonder that is the Munnar-Coorg highway will resound to the beats of Ducati monster bikes, their innards powered by Shell Advance lubricant.Italian amateur motorcyclist Alessandro Donadello and Sundeep Gujjar will hit the road from Munnar on Friday and briefly cruise the plains before ascending the Nilgiris and crossing the state borders through Ooty.The rest of the journey to Coorg in Karnataka will be equally testing for the bike and the rider alike, an official of Shell Lubricants said on Thursday. Donadello and partner Gujjar will burn asphalt with effortless ease on their weapons of choice - a Ducati Monster 796 and a Ducati Multistrada 1200.\"I am not a professional racer, but do own a Ducati Monster. The Munnar-Coorg section is going to be a unique experience, and I expect to test the limits of my machine on this journey,\" said Donadello.The Munnar-Coorg route was chosen the 'Ultimate Riding Wonder' as part of the 'Shell Advance 7 Riding Wonders of the World' competition launched in June last year. Motorcyle enthusiasts from around the world were asked to vote for their favourite riding routes, from which seven routes were chosen and put to an expert panel alongside the public vote.The panel picked the Munnar-Coorg route for the diversity of terrain that it offers the biker. Shell Lubricants India country manager Nitin Prasad said autobahns which competed for the honours included the ones in the US, China, Malaysia, Bali ( Indonesia ) and the Phillippines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11919199", "title": "Sudesh opens Jharkhand\u2019s first \u2018urbanized\u2019 village", "text": "RANCHI: Deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahato on Thursday laid the foundation stone for the state's first urbanized village, Lotwa Khudia, in Oremanjhi block. The rural development department plans to realize this conversion at an expense of Rs 4 crore so that villagers are encouraged to live there and not migrate to cities for their livelihood.Named as a model village project, the total estimated cost for turning around more villages is around Rs 300 crore. The department plans to choose 100 villages across state and develop them in a way other villages are encouraged to replicate the model. Villages of martyrs of the freedom struggle have been selected in the first phase. Lotwa Khudia is one such village associated with Sheikh Bhikhari who was hanged by the British. Other villages in the queue are Birsa Munda's Ulihatu, Tilka Manjhi's Tilakpur, Telanga Kharia's Sisai, Sidho-Kanu and Chand Bhairo's Sahebgunj and Thakur Vishwanath Shahdeo's Satranji. The government has planned to target the home constituencies of elected representatives in the state assembly in the second phase.Laying the foundation stone for the Gram Sadan at Lotwa Khudia, Mahato said he wants the village to be equipped with basic urban amenities and ensure that there's 100 per cent literacy and villagers come out of the BPL list. \"The government has decided to develop rural infrastructure following which it will be linked to the Centre's livelihood development programme,\" Mahato said expressing confidence that once villagers start earning around Rs 6,000 per month, they will not have to make efforts to get included in the BPL list.Giving details of the projects taken up in Lotwa Khudia, he said the village will be connected to NH-33 by a 3.2-km stretch of pitch road. \"The gram sansad at an estimated cost of Rs 44 lakh and a cultural centre Akhra at an estimated cost of Rs 23 lakh will be constructed. This apart, Rs 1.04 crore will be invested in improving irrigation infrastructure that comprises a pond, three lift irrigation projects, two deep wells, two handpumps and two check dams,\" he said.Mahato also announced a Rs 46.48-lakh afforestation scheme spreading over five acres. He said once the infrastructure is in place, a village cultural committee, adolescent clubs and a sports team will be formed at one hand and on the other villagers will be encouraged to take up integrated farming. \"The irrigation facility will enable them to go for multiple cropping and the pond could be used for fisheries,\" he said stressing that the central livelihood scheme will also be linked to provide maximum earnings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11919814", "title": "Foul smell closes dental OPD", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Over 100 patients troubled with dental problem have not been attended at Government Multi-specialty Hospital-16 ( GMH). Reason - the foul smell emanating from the blocked sewage clogged near the mortuary. The stink, which has been there for around three weeks, has almost paralyzed dental and physiotherapy departments working in the hospital. In addition, dental extractions and surgeries have also been stopped since four days.Coming with their nose covered, almost all patients had to go back without treatment. \"The doctors have postponed my tooth extraction due to the problem. But the ache is severe and I cannot even go to PGI as it has a long waiting list,\" said Kawalpreet Kaur, a patient.Accepting the problem, Dr Rajeev Vadera, who is the medical superintendent at the hospital, said, \"We have been working with the MC team and officials. There have been times when we have had to drain out the sewage water elsewhere. This has become a problem and doctors are unable to sit in dental department.\"The physiotherapy department near the dental OPD has also been closed for the last one week. The department has water clogged right outside it, which has made the floor slippery A few days ago, the clogged drain had been so severely blocked that the water had gushed-off from the pipe and spread out in the mortuary. \"Even if we divert the flow of the drain, we do not find any solution. The waste thrown rashly has clogged the sewage,\" said the medical superintendent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11920188", "title": "Hegde pitches for strong Lokpal bill", "text": "HYDERABAD: Former Karnataka Lokayukta Justice N Santosh Hegde stressed the need for a strong Lokpal and noted that an ombudsman was crucial in order to check rampant corruption and administrative malpractices in the country.Speaking at Nalsar here on Thursday, Hegde said the reason behind delay and reluctance in passing the bill was the resistance from bureaucrats and other political leaders who wouldn't want any investigation into their own actions. Hegde was delivering the ninth Gutta Sri Rama Rao Memorial Lecture on the relevance of Lokpal in contemporary India at Nalsar University of Law.Emphasizing the relevance of Lokpal, he read out a long list of scandals since1992, including the illegal iron ore mining scam, Satyam scam and the controversial 2G spectrum scam and how hundreds of crores of rupees were swindled. \"Despite having agencies like the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) and the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), corruption has only grown as these bodies are answerable to the very people that they investigate.\" Responding to queries from students over criticism of Jan Lokpal and reservation in Lokpal, he said, \"Lokpal will not be a monstrous body unanswerable to anyone. Any fault in Lokpal can be brought to the Supreme Court's notice which will remain the apex judicial body. As far as reservation is concerned, corruption is not confined to any religion or caste; all offenders will be treated equally. Jan Lokpal leaves no room for conflict as CVC will not exist after setting up of Lokpal whereas the government's version has left room for CVC to exist only to deliberately create conflict and delay decisions.\"Clarifying the aspect of merging the CBI with Lokpal, he said, \"The merging of the entire CBI with Lokpal was never asked for. Only the anti-corruption wing was sought to be merged with it as independently it would become redundant after the setting up of Lokpal.\"Referring to the Administrative Reforms Commission's (ARC) recommendations he said, \"It is around 44 years since the last recommendation for Lokayuktas in states was made, but no concrete action has been taken till date.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "eluru", "code": "11920503", "title": "Youth dies during police endurance test", "text": "ELURU: The rigours of the physical endurance tests for constable recruitment claimed the life of a young home guard in Eluru on Thursday. Balaraju fainted while taking part in the 5 km run in the morning heat around 9.30 am as part of the physical tests. He was rushed to the government hospital where he was declared brought dead.Though Balaraju appeared to have died of exhaustion, doctors at the hospital refused to confirm the cause of death saying they would wait for the post-mortem report.However, a senior police official, who was monitoring the recruitment drive, said Balaraju might have died of cardiac arrest.However, the deceased's family members said that Balaraju did not have any cardiac problems and had taken part in the recruitment drive last year also. Other aspirants who were running along with Balaraju recalled that he suddenly stopped and collapsed just 100 metres away from the final touch line. \"We lifted him and shifted him to the road side. But he breathed his last soon,\" Venkatesh said.Balaraju, who was working as a driver for Narasapur circle inspector, had tried his luck in last year's recruitment but had failed to clear the test. Sources said he was keen to clear the 5-km run and had even practiced sprints in the last 10 days to increase his endurance levels.\"Fate played a cruel joke on the home guard as he was desperate to become a cop to help his family out of financial problems,\" a relative said.A tribal youth Ramavath Chandru, 21, died at the police grounds in Mahbubnagar during a physical endurance test conducted by Andhra Pradesh Special Police on November 23 last year.Last December, another youth had died while taking part in the physical test in Srikakulam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11920629", "title": "Baby girl left to die in MP govt hospital", "text": "INDORE: A newborn girl died at Barwani's Civil Hospital in MP due hospital staff's negligence.Mangla Kushwaha had delivered twin girls at midnight on Monday. But, doctors said both were stillborn and asked Mangla's brother, Rajesh Rana, to take away the bodies for burial. While Rajesh was tending to his sister who was in a shock, the staff abandoned the twins in a corner of the gynaecological ward.Around 5am, one the babies started wailing and the family rushed the newborn to the ICU. \"Intially, the nurse even refused to listen to us. She then told us to get written permission from the doctors to admit her in the ICU. By the time the formalities were done, my niece had died,\" said Rajesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "gill road", "code": "11921134", "title": "Tushar's roving eye looks for best snap", "text": "GILL ROAD: Tushar Sharma, 21, likes to be on the go and wherever he sets foot, a camera is his travelling companion. These days, his roving eye is looking for such a click that would help him win an online photography competition of 'photographer of the year' by a UK-based magazine. Apart from the desire to win the coveted title, Tushar's lure is the first prize, a professional camera. Besides, the top 30 entries will get featured in the magazine too.If Tushar could have his way, he would spend all his waking hours clicking pictures but he is being forced to make time for studies and prepare for his final exams of BTech (electrical engineering).Tushar said his love for photography began budding when he was only a child but in November 2010 it grew into an obsessive passion. \"I had gone on a college trip to Shimla and I could not resist its beautiful landscape. I remember very clearly that I had a digital camera in hand and suddenly asked my friend to stand up and start walking and I captured shots of only his feet. I enjoyed concept photography so much that I have never stopped since then,'' he said.Confessing that he has already lost two cameras, Tushar said it is the price he has paid for his passion. \"I have visited Amritsar, Delhi and several places across Punjab just to click good pictures. I always carry my camera in my bag because one can come across anything at anytime but that's how I have lost two,'' he added.In 2011, Tushar had participated in a photography competition organized by a private TV channel and his picture of Golden Temple was selected among the top 100 entries out of a total of 68,000 pictures. Though engineering is what he wants to pursue as a career, he plans to always hold on to photography.Regarding his pictures he said, \"I have clicked thousands of pictures in the last year and half but I have sorted out around 150 of the best ones into four categories and kept them according to their subject and quality.'' - nidhi.singhi@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11919177", "title": "Power outages as NTPC units conk out", "text": "PATNA: Bihar faced acute power crisis on Thursday following the breakdown of four units of NTPC plants located in the eastern region. The state received only 680MW as against its sanctioned allocation of 1,772MW.A major part of Bihar, including Patna , plunged into darkness. However, a power board official said the situation would improve in a couple of days.Sensing the gravity of the situation, state energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav met NTPC CMD Arup Roy Choudhury in New Delhi. Choudhury told the minister power generation at Kahalgaon and Talchar plants would resume within 24 hours.Bihar has already pleaded with the Centre to allocate additional 500MW to it. The state has also demanded maximum allocation from the hydel power projects developed in Bhutan by the government of India.For the coming summer months, meanwhile, Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) has decided to buy additional 500MW under a power trading agreement. Under this agreement, BSEB is to get 200MW from Ahmedabad's Adani Power Limited from March 1 this year to December 31, 2015 at the rate of Rs 4.41 per unit. The remaining 300MW would be procured from the NTPC Vidyut Vyapar Nigam Limited from March 1 till August 31 this year.BSEB has signed another power purchase agreement for procurement of 450MW from Essar Power Jharkhand Limited. It is expected to commence from July 9, 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11919915", "title": "Informal schools to get official stamp", "text": "KOLKATA: The government has decided to shut down the Shishu Shiksha Kendras (SSKs) and Madhyamik Shiksha Kendras (MSKs) and convert them into formal centres of learning. This is being done under provisions of the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act 2009. Government officials said the initiative, project which runs under the Sarva Shiksha Mission scheme, will benefit students.\"These schools were set up to provide education to students who live in a difficult terrain where there are no schools. The primary schools were at a distance of 1 km while upper primary schools were set up at a distance of 2 km away. Now, the central government has sent an instruction through RTE that no informal schools will receive any support or aid. Hence, they will have to be converted into formal schools. The GIS mapping has just been completed and we are aware about population and children residing in various areas of the state. Hence, now it will be easier to bring children into formal education,\" said project director Choten Lama.\"There are more than 1,600 Shishu Shiksha Kendras and more than 2,000 Madhyamik Shiksha Kendra's in West Bengal. While SSKs teach classes between I to IV, MSK's impart training to students between V to VIII. Funds are allocated by the centre to run these schools,\" added Lama.The transformation of SSKs and MSKs into formal schools will require Government officials felt facilities needed to be upgraded at these SSKs and MSKs to provide children with better opportunities as is available in the formal schools. \"Going by the RTE provisions, we will have to implement the pupil-teacher ratio, build etter infrastructure including a playgrounds, make arrangements for drinking water and mid-day meals and build adequate toilets for students abiding by the provisions in RTE,\" said a senior school education department official.The stake of around 40,000 teachers who are involved in the schools, however, has also been proposed. \"They will probably be recruited through School Service Commission. They will have to compete along with PTT and Rabindra Open University candidates among the 10% reservation,\" said a school education department official. The existing teachers will continue in their posts for the moment.A panchayat and rural development department official said, \"A proposal was sent by the school education in which they have suggested to convert SSKs and MSKs into formal schools while implementing the RTE Act. The act states that all schools have to be recognized by a board and should have an approval from the government. When these informal training centres were under our department, we had given them approval. But our department does not have any provision to recognize them by a board. Hence, these schools will have to be closed down and converted into formal education institutes.\"He added, \"The salaries are drawn from Sarva Shiksha Abhijan. Hence, the government will have to comply with the orders. The proposal will have to be passed in a cabinet meeting.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "aluva", "code": "11920478", "title": "Aluva beefs up security for Shivaratri festivities", "text": "ALUVA: With better co-ordination among various departments to bring more facilities and security beefing up at the sand bank and premises, natives as well as devotees are all set to celebrate Shivaratri.The municipality, police, excise fire force and KSEB have mooted modus operandi for the better execution of the festival. Minister V K Ibrahim Kunju will inaugurate the temporary bridge, connecting people from outside to manappuram (sand bank). The bridge is expected to make way for around eight lakh devotees this year also.\"The police department will deploy around 1,400 personnel, including 10 DySPs, 31 circle inspectors and 140 sub inspectors,\" said K P Philip, rural SP, Aluava.Philip added that 13 CCTV cameras would be installed and a control room would be set up at the sand bank to monitor the situation. The police have already erected four towers at the sand bank to monitor the crowd. The KSEB has performed a mock drill at the venue and has kept 13 generators for lighting purposes. Officials said that the place would be adequately lighted to avert mishaps or illegal activities.\"This Shivaratri, unlike the previous years, will be an example of perfection as the whole departments have come up with maximum support and co operation.\" said M T Jacob, municipal chairman. Besides these, diving experts from the navy and police force will be deployed along with three units of fire force.Officials said cautionary boards indicating danger zone would also be fixed in various parts to avert any possible water mishaps.Excise department would conduct raids at the bars in the town to check selling of hooch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11925027", "title": "No idea how Spiderman 3 has shaped up: Irrfan Khan", "text": "Bollywood actor Irrfan Khan talks about his films and hid Hollywood flick Spiderman 3Tell us about your character Pan Singh Tomar He's a clean-hearted, innocent person. Circumstances provoked him to become a rebel.It was a tough, physically demanding role because it's the role of a runner. I trained under coach Satyapal. I followed a diet plan to build my stamina and energy. We shot in Chambal, which is a beautiful but difficult place. Everyday, something new would happen. Once, 13 girls were abducted. Few were not even found. We could not shoot after 5 pm due to security reasons. I have a very natural and old rapport with Tigmanshu (Dhulia, the director). I'm able to perform well due to our special chemistry.Are you aware of a similar film on Milkha Singh? Interestingly, the research team told me, they met Milkha Singh. He was a contemporary of Paan Singh's. They were teammates and knew each other personally. He helped them a bit but he was more involved in the biopic being made on him.What was it like shooting for Spiderman 3? I am going to the US for its screening in April. I have no opinion about the movie or how my character has shaped up. It's great shooting with Hollywood professionals.You received a Padmashri recently. Your thoughts on it? I got it very early with Tabu and Kajol . Most of them get it when they are in the end of their careers. We got it at the right time. It's really worth it when you are in the middle of your career.Recently, Kiran Rao said she would prefer to make her acting debut with you instead of Aamir Khan . Your comment? I have seen her film. I respect her a lot as a filmmaker. It would be an honour to work with her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "11920560", "title": "2 leopard skins seized in Mandi", "text": "MANALI: Two persons were arrested and 2 leopard skins were seized from their possession during a naka at Sukki Bain area of Mandi district on Thursday, police said.According to police, 2 persons were on way to Mandi town from Pandoh side on foot, and they were carrying a bag. \"Police suspected the movement of both the persons and checked their bags. They had hidden two leopard skins inside the bags,\" the Mandi police chief Abhishek Dular said.Identified as Moti Ram, resident of Khalra village and Munish, resident of Upper Pandoh, both the accused have been arrested under Section 51 of the Wildlife Protection Act. Till last reports, police were investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11918922", "title": "25 candidates booked for flouting poll code", "text": "NOIDA: The district administration has so far registered 25 cases of violation of model code of conduct from the three constituencies - Noida, Dadri and Jewar- in the run-up to the sixth phase of assembly elections in Uttar Pradesh on February 28.District officials, however, have claimed that incidences of violation of the code have been minimal as compared to neighbouring districts.\"In all cases where complaints were received by the administration for violation of the code of conduct, prompt action was taken after conducting proper investigation,\" said ADM (Finance), Gautam Budh Nagar, Saravjeet Ram. \"So far, 25 people have been booked for violating the code. However, candidates in Gautam Budh Nagar have not been flouting the norms as much as those in neighbouring districts. There have been very few incidents of posters, banners, etc being put up without permission,\" said Ram, who is in charge of all affairs related to the code of conduct.In comparison, violation of the code has been rampant in Ghaziabad. The administration of Ghaziabad has so far removed 9,000 defacements, like hoardings, posters, etc in the eight assembly constituencies of the district.\"Various FIRs have been filed in the eight constituencies of Ghaziabad,\" said ADM (City), Ghaziabad, Atal Kumar Rai. \"We are trying our best to bring the violators to book,\" said Rai, who is in charge of adherence to the code of conduct in Ghaziabad district.In Bulandshahr too, the district administration has been having a tough time dealing with violations of the code. The administration has so far removed more than 3,200 defacements from public properties in the seven assembly segments of the district. \"Thirty-three cases of violation of the code have been recorded in the district so far and the administration has filed 34 FIRs in all,\" said DM of Bulandshahr, Kamini Chauhan Ratan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11920183", "title": "City decks up for Malabar Mahotsavam", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Malabar Mahotsavam, the city's annual tryst with art and culture, will be held from February 23- 26. The festival will commence with a dance performance by film actor Remya Nambeesan at the festival's main venue at Kozhikode beach. Over the next three days, the city will be treated with ghazal performances, musical evenings by Bollywood playback singers and Rock Music shows. A musical performance by singer Hariharan will be the highlight of the final day of the fest on February 26.District collector P B Salim said that elaborate arrangements have been put in place for the successful conduct of the festival.The highlight of this year's festival will be the Manipuri martial art show, Thang Ahum Yannaba, which features a sword fight by three performers and Basanta Raas, a dance drama of Manipur. The festival would also have the history of Kozhikode depicted through a laser show.The literary festival to be held as part of the festival would be held at the Sukumar Azhikode Hall. A theatre festival would also be held in memory of veteran actress Santha Devi.Classical music and classical dance performances will be held at the open air stage set up at Thali.while a traditional arts festival will be held at the Dream City.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kochi/new delhi", "code": "11919935", "title": "Killing of fishermen: Italian navy men charged", "text": "KOCHI/NEW DELHI: A case of murder was filed against armed guards of an Italian tanker less than 24 hours after they fired on a fishing boat, killing two Tamil Nadu fishermen off Kochi on Wednesday.Indian authorities said the Italian navymen mistook the fishermen for Somali pirates and fired instantly in violation of international anti-piracy guidelines - a claim denied by Italy.The FIR did name anyone in particular.\"It's a very serious and unfortunate incident,\" defence minister A K Antony said. Italian envoy Giacomo Sanfelice di Monteforte was summoned to the external affairs ministry to convey India's protest. In Kochi, senior Italian officials met Kerala government representatives to decide the future course of action and how to quell the uproar among fishing community in the state.This came shortly after the ministry of external affairs summoned Italian envoy Giacomo Sanfelice di Monteforte to register a strong protest against the shooting. Secretary (west) M Ganapathi told the ambassador he must ask the Italian nationals involved in the incident to cooperate with the local Kerala authorities carrying out the probe.With Enrica Lexie now anchored off the Kochi harbour, after being intercepted by Coast Guard ships and aircraft, its crew will be provided consular access after completion of legal formalities, officials said. Indian authorities can legally prosecute the crew if the shooting took place within the 12 nautical mile limit of Indian territorial waters. But it will become a slightly tricky affair if it's conclusively established that the incident occurred in international waters, in which case they may have to face the music in Italian courts.\"The probe will include where exactly the incident took place. And whether the Italian nationals were carrying licensed weapons or not. If someone travels within the Indian territorial waters, he or she is supposed to take prior license to carry weapons,\" said an official.Naval and Coast Guard officials, on their part, said the Italian ship did not seem to have followed the internationally laid-down protocol, or \"best management practices\", if it suspected a pirate attack. \"First, the ship being waylaid should activate the emergency communication plan to report the attack, activate the ship security alert system, sound emergency alarm and make 'Mayday' calls on the open VHF Channel 16 or Channel 08,\" said an official.But no Indian warship patrolling the area got such a distress call from Enrica Lexie. \"Then, there are evasive measures and manouevering, as also the use of water sprays and cannons to thwart any pirate from boarding the ship,\" he said.Enrica Lexie, however, does not seem to have undertaken such measures. \"It prima facie seems the Italian ship, instead of first resorting to passive measures, directly engaged in active measures by opening fire,\" he said.The Italian ambassador, however, strongly maintained the ship had adhered to the international protocol. \"We are working in very close cooperation with Indian authorities. It is in any case a very sad incident. What I want to underline is that the Italian ship moved voluntarily into the Kochi port,\" he said.Earlier in the day, the Italian embassy claimed the Italian navy personnel on board Enrica Lexie fired warning shots after being allegedly attacked in international waters by the men on the Indian fishing vessel. \"The Italian ship was attacked yesterday in international waters about 30 nautical miles off the south west coast of India,\" it said.\"Italian navy personnel on board following international protocols after repeated warnings and after ascertaining from binoculars that the pirates were armed... (they) gradually fired some warning shots and the pirates withdrew,\" the embassy statement said.Indian officials, however, pointed out that the two Indians killed in the incident were \"genuine fishermen\" and could not have been mistaken for pirates since neither were they armed to open fire, nor did their boat have any other \"piracy triggers\". Moreover, Enrica did not even report the firing incident to maritime authorities for almost three hours and was headed for UAE/Egypt when intercepted by Indian Coast Guard.The Italian embassy said, \"Later, the Italian shipmaster was contacted by Indian Coast Guard and requested to head towards the Kochi harbour to offer information on the pirate attack. We are in touch with the Indian authorities and we shall work together to clarify all aspects of the incident.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11920808", "title": "Ex-LUSU chief challenges saffron veteran", "text": "LUCKNOW: If it was ever to be classified, then Lucknow East constituency would be called the 'living room' of the city. Mainly comprising residential areas, the constituency has been in news for maximum housing projects in the city, both government and private.So, when the constituency goes to polls this Sunday, voters will have to make a choice which may not be that easy. Since 1991, the Bhartiya Janata Party (BJP) has been winning in this constituency but things could be different this time.Even though it has a strong urban base, including educationists, bureaucrats and professionals, the constituency has a dismal polling record of around 37%.Problems pertaining to civic amenities galore here. \"They (elected MLAs) never took interest. Be it roads, sewer, drainage or maintenance of parks, whatever has been done in our locality is because of the high court,'' says Brikeshwar Tewari, president of Gomtinagar Jankalyan Mahasamiti. This, when the incumbent MLA, Nakul Dubey, who was elected from Mahona on BSP ticket in 2007, is state urban development minister.Similar voices of resentment can be heard in localities like Indiranagar which has seen repeated digging exercise to lay sewer lines. Rain made things miserable in Shivaji Puram as mud filled the road. The drains were constructed with such poor material slabs that they lasted barely for a week.\"Nearly two months are over, but we do not know when the connecting chambers on the sewer line will be made, which again will obstruct the vehicles' movement,'' says Vijay Gupta, a resident of Shivaji Puram.\"That is just a part of the problem,'' says Har Baksh Singh of Indiranagar. He points out how the UP Housing Board, after establishing the colony in early 70s, forgot about the proposed sewage treatment plant (STP) for which land was allotted in sector-11 of Indiranagar.\"We have been raising the issue for the past so many years, but not one MLA ever gave it a thought,'' he says. The colony is yet to get a functional sewer system. So is the case with medical facilities or schools. \"The existing school in sector-C is not enough. It is mere a dispensary which needs up gradation,'' says Singh.For Dr YS Shastri of Vikas nagar, it is the enthusiasm of MLA towards people that counts. He points out the case of a park in sector-5. It was shown as a developed park on the map. But it was encroached, with no one, including the MLA, taking any action.Areas like Indiranagar and Gomtinagar were part of Mahona constituency from where BSP candidate and urban development minister Nakul Dubey won in 2007 assembly elections.With Mahona constituency getting divided into Lucknow North and Bakshi Ka Talab following delimitation, equations have changed dramatically. This time, Dubey his trying his luck from Bakshi Ka Talab.Lucknow East, on the other hand, is considered to be strong bastion of BJP from where Vidya Sagar Gupta has been winning for the past three assembly elections.This time, the constituency will see an interesting battle. More so, when all candidates of all four major political parties field first-timers, including Kalraj Mishra of BJP. A prominent face of BJP, Mishra, who is currently BJP's Rajya Sabha MP has been state medical education and tourism minister between 1997 and 2000.He is up against Juhi Singh of Samajwadi Party. Singh is an entrepreneur with stakes in flower business. Her official website claims that she has been involved in women and youth empowerment across Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand. But more than that she carries an image of the daughter of former UP chief secretary Akhand Pratap Singh.The coming of Ramesh Chandra Srivastava, a former president of Lucknow University student union has further added excitement to the contest. Srivastava, an advocate, is also the state spokesperson of the Congress. Srivastava being a local resident - he lives in Laxmanpuri Colony on Faizabad Road - makes him a strong candidate. KC Tripathi of BSP, on the other hand, is an ex-army officer. Son of a retired IPS officer, Tripathi's too is likely to give a tough fight.When TOI asked what are your USPs, a confident Tripathi replied: \"I have worked for the country, others are aspiring to do so.\"Assembly elections news 2012UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "11921055", "title": "Shimoga airport may be delayed by six months", "text": "SHIMOGA: People in Malnad region were hoping to see the first flight land in the newly built greenfield airport in Shimoga by March but their hopes have been dashed.The Director General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) that monitors and approves work of airports and their airworthiness has raised air-safety concerns and directed the local administration to remove some high-rise buildings and power lines built close to the airport for them to give their consent.One of the dream projects of beleaguered former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa , Shimoga airport, may get delayed by another six months or more.Officials said DGCA wanted the district administration to get at least 50-60 concrete structures removed from the industrial area nearby and shift the 7km stretch of high tension Sharavathi power lines. The power lines transmit high voltage power from Sharavathi power station in Shimoga to Mysore region.Airport authorities who were giving final touches to the runway work and other civil works are dejected. The manger of the airport, D Basavarj, said the work is likely to get delayed as they need to build new structures before removing those structures identified for demolition.KPTC officials said they have to conduct a survey of the area to lay the new lines and have to acquire land for construction of 30-foot high towers all along the route and then start fixing HT power lines. It requires an additional Rs 15 crore to Rs 20 crore which the state government has to approve and release the money. Shimoga deputy commissioner M Vedamurthy who took charge recently said he has written a letter to the state government. ``Soon after getting the nod, we will initiate action to shift power lines and remove buildings earmarked by DGCA by paying suitable compensation. We will also expedite the construction work of the airport which is running behind schedule.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11921234", "title": "Codli bridge collapses, 5 truck drivers injured", "text": "MARGAO: Five truck drivers were injured when their vehicles plunged into a rivulet after the Bailey bridge they were passing along collapsed at Dabhal near Sanvordem on Wednesday afternoon. The drivers were immediately rescued and rushed to a community health centre. They are presently being treated for simple injuries, police sources said.The bridge belongs to Sesa Goa Ltd, a mining firm that has operations in the Codli mine near Dabhal. The ill-fated trucks were loaded with mineral ore and the bridge gave way on account of the weight of the trucks, police sources said.\"Only one truck should have been allowed on the bridge at a time. We have registered an offence against the management of the mining firm for negligence and for endangering human lives. All the five truck drivers have been traced and rescued,\" South Goa SP Arvind Gawas told TOI.While three of the injured drivers are undergoing treatment at the community health centre, Cacora, two are being treated at private hospitals, police sources said.The bridge spanning nearly 250m was at a height of about 20m from the ground, police sources described. A press statement by Sesa Goa Ltd said that none of the drivers have sustained any serious injuries.\"The company has deployed teams, with equipment, to extract the trucks from the nullah. The company has asked the manufacturer to attend to the site immediately to assess possible causes and advise steps to repair the damage immediately. Bailey bridges are a regular feature in logistics operations the world over, used by defence and industry on tough terrain and are known for their utility and efficacy. The current Bailey bridge in Codli has been in operation since May 2008,\" the statement signed by R Krishnagopal, associate vice-president, corporate communication, Sesa Goa Ltd, states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11918222", "title": "Kid\u2019s speech defect, marital woes behind Borivli suicide", "text": "The Borivli housewife who jumped to her death from the 12th floor of her housing society after killing her 3-year-old son likewise on Wednesday night was suffering from various problems. The police said these included her not being accepted by her husband's family and her son having a speech defect.Nandita Agarwal (30) did not leave behind a suicide note. The police said she had an intercommunity love marriage with Naval Agarwal (38) five years ago, but he did not take her along for family functions. Because of her son Vinayak's speech problem, she was also anxious about his future.\"Naval was in Varanasi when the incident took place. The couple's domestic help Pavan Mandal (24) was home and witnessed the suicide,\" a police officer said. \"Pawan told us Nandita was tense for the past two days. Her brother is on his way to Mumbai and we will make inquiries with him.\"On Wednesday, Nandita packed her bags and went to the airport with Vinayak. Mandal dropped them and Nandita gave him Rs 500 to return home by auto. But Mandal was surprised when Nandita returned home a few hours later.\"Around 11.15 pm, Mandal went to the kitchen, where Nandita was cooking. He was stunned to find her attempting to torch her saree (to which she had changed from a salwar kameez upon her return from the airport). He immediately called up her husband. Naval had left for Varanasi last week to visit his parents for Mahashivratri. He told Mandal to give her the phone. By then, Nandita had slipped out of the flat with Vinayak,\" said a senior police officer.Around 11.20 pm, Nandini was in the passage between the 11th and 12th floors. She threw her son off the passage window and followed suit.\"We have registered a case of accidental death. Naval (who reached Mumbai on Thursday) is grieving; we are yet to record his statement. We are probing if the couple had marital discord. We are also checking Nandita's phone call records,\" the officer said.The couple's flat, in the 14-storey Samarpan-D off Western Express Highway in Borivli (East), was rented. Their son was in KG. Naval was in real estate. Mandal has been with them for three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11919154", "title": "Anger over FDA delay in blood bank suspension", "text": "MUMBAI: Refuting Jaslok Hospital's claim that it had not received the Food and Drug Administration's order to suspend its blood bank, an official of the department said the hospital officials were giving wrong information. \"The suspension order has been delivered by hand to Jaslok Hospital and we have the acknowledgement,\" he said even as the department received criticism for not implementing the suspension order immediately.According to health officials, the way the FDA is handling a complaint lodged against Jaslok Hospital over the transfusion of blood belonging to the wrong group that led to the death of a 21-year-old woman, it is nothing but a \"classic case of inept handling of a serious charge against a leading hospital\".After Deepti, who was suffering from the cancer of white blood cells, died within two months of being administered the wrong blood group by the hospital in 2011, her father, Narendra Makhijani lodged a complaint. Based on its findings, the FDA served a showcause notice on Jaslok and on January 30, issued a suspension order to its blood bank.But, what has angered public health officials is that the order would not be implemented till March 27. \"The FDA has made a mockery of rules. If the FDA is being unable to implement its own order, then there are reasons to believe that it is protecting the hospital. In such circumstances, the basic purpose of promulgating the order will be defeated. The FDA does not seem serious about the complaint,\" a senior public health official said.A senior FDA official admitted that the department was giving leeway to the hospital, but he added that according to the rules, once an order is passed, the aggrieved party has to be given 90 days to file an appeal before the FDA minister. \"But that does not translate into an automatic stay on the FDA order for that period; it is merely a convention not to implement the order for 90 days,\" the FDA official said.So far, the official claimed, the suspension order had not been implemented with immediate effect on the grounds that it would cause inconvenience to patients. \"It's a big hospital. If we suspend the licence of its blood bank, all routine and major surgeries will come to a halt. Let them appeal before the competent authority,\" he said.The FDA has made a mockery of rules. If the FDA is being unable to implement its order, then there are reasons to believe that it is protecting the hospital. The FDA does not appear to be serious about the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11919002", "title": "9 silicosis victims' widows to be paid interim relief", "text": "JAIPUR: About nine widows of silicosis victims were assured that within the next 10 days an interim relief would be paid. The assurance came from Govind Sharma, principal secretary - mines after a delegation met him on Wednesday for the same.These women, from various parts of Jodhpur, have been running from pillar-to-post since last year seeking compensation for the death of their husbands due to silicosis that was contracted while they were working in the mines in the state. The state has already paid an interim relief to about 21 other women who also lost their husbands due to silicosis.The National Human Rights Commission has already ordered the state to pay compensation to these women. However, they are yet to get the compensation. The widows have submitted hospital discharge certificates of their husbands to the government in which the doctors stated that the patients were suffering from silicosis. Even the death certificates state that the patients died due to silicosis.According to a study done by Mine Labour Protection Campaign Trust, 48% of the women working in mines are widows and the number is increasing. Meanwhile, 987 mine workers who were diagnosed with silicosis (K N Chest Hospital, Jodhpur alone has this number) are waiting for death while the government is yet to plan rehabilitation measures.These silicosis patients have no medical support and no means to have nutritious food. Their families including young children work in the mines to repay the debt taken to meet the treatment cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11919549", "title": "Violence mars NMC polls", "text": "NASHIK: Violence marred the otherwise overall peaceful polling process for the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) elections held on Thursday, when 55 to 60 per cent of voters exercised their franchise. With ballots sealed, the candidates wait is likely to get over by noon on Friday, when all the results will be declared. The counting will begin at 9am and the first results are expected by 10:30am.The alleged ransacking of the office and residence of an NCP candidate in the Panchavati area and an attack on a Samajwadi Party (SP) candidate marred the otherwise peaceful polling exercise conducted on Friday to elect 122 representatives for the NMC.The polls were held against the backdrop of the transfers of two top bureaucrats of Nashik city - police commissioner Vinod Lokhande and municipal commissioner B D Sanap - following an outrage over the rising crime graph and allegations of mismanagement of civic affairs.While district collector P Velrasu took additional charge of the civic body, Kulwant Kumar Sarangal replaced Lokhande in the police commissionerate, even as the election process had started.The alleged attack on SP candidate Dilawar Khan Pathan by his opponents and the ransacking of the office and residence of NCP candidate Sanjay Tile, allegedly by activists of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena, marred the poll process, which was, otherwise, peaceful.Most of the polling stations in Nashik Road saw candidates flouting norms of being 100m away from the stations. This was more prevalent in Deolaligaon polling centres and those in Jail Road which prompted Police Commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal to visit the area and instruct the authorities concerned to take cognizance of the situation and do the needful.In ward number 35, the commissioner of police and his officials took the candidates by surprise by visiting the polling centre Pujya Sane Guruji Vidyalaya, suddenly at 12.30pm. All the 19 candidates were standing outside the gate when the police chief and his officials entered the premises. The 19 candidates included Pawan Pawar, who was externed before getting a reprieve from the high court. He was seeking a ticket from the Nationalist Congress Party but later filed the nomination papers as an independent.The commissioner instructed the security personnel to ask the candidates to follow the norms. \"When people come out of their homes for voting, such minor incidences and scuffles are likely to happen, otherwise the elections are peaceful. Even in Panchavati, it was not a major one. We are checking the polling stations to see if candidates are within 100m but there are not many such places,\" Sarangal told TOI.In ward number 61, Congress candidate Rais Shaikh and MNS candidate Deepali Lad Lasure were seen right outside the gate of the polling centre, Vidya Niketan, and greeting voters. In the same ward at Anand Rushi School, Shiv Sena candidate Suryakant Lavate was seen right outside the gate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11918418", "title": "'I find present day lyrics spineless'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Celebrated Odia music director, singer and lyricist Prafulla Kar turned 74 on Thursday. One of the most revered artists of the soil, Kar, a Puri native, has directed music for over 70 Odia and four Bengali films. He has also directed music for some Odia and Bengali movies, whose songs were sung by reputed Bollywood playback singers like Kishore Kumar , Suresh Wadkar, Md Aziz, Anuradha Paudwal, Usha Mangeskar and Kavita Krishnamurty. Debabrata Mohapatra talks to the master musician about his journey so far.Q: How has been your journey in the world of Odia music?A: The journey was not a bed of roses when I took up music as a career in 1960. Even though I come from a family of musicians, I had no godfather whose blessings could have ushered in good tidings for me. I earned name and fame after a lot of struggle. I was humiliated at every step at the beginning of my career when I was seeking a break in radio and television in the 60s. Talent was my only strength and I overcame all hurdles by putting up the best performance.Q: What was the turning point in your career?A: There was no remarkable event that changed my life. I believe every obstruction that came my way worked as turning points in my life. I accepted challenges positively and went on winning. I was on cloud nine after the state government accorded me the best music director for Odia movie 'Mamata' in 1975. I have never looked back since. The government has felicitated me as best music director for several films on eight occasions, out of which six were presented in a row. I won the best music director award for 'Sesa Srabana' in 1976, 'Bandhumahanty' in 1977, 'Mukti' in 1977, 'Sati Anasuya' in 1978, 'Tapasya' in 1978, 'Sita Laba Kusha' in 1980 and 'School Master' in 1985. I was bestowed with the best playback singer award for the film 'Balidan' in 1978.Q: Did your musical family background help you move up the ladder in any way?A: Not at all. Even though music was in my blood, my family, friends and relatives never wanted to see me grow as a musician. My joining music was certainly not music to their ears. I was branded mad when I expressed my wish of treading the musical path. My family wanted me to become a lawyer as I had completed my Llb degree from Utkal University. But I listened to my heart and went ahead.Q: Apart from music direction, you also made a mark in writing lyrics and singing. How do you rate the present day lyrics?A: Though I do not intend to discourage or snub anyone, I find many of the present day lyrics spineless. The songs carry no meaning and language lacks command. Unlike my contemporaries, I find today many lyricists and music composers lack the much needed dedication in work. The feeling of self-involvement while composing or penning songs is missing somewhere.Q: How do you react to some of the Odia music, mostly remix, presented and promoted in a vulgar way?A: It hurts me. But I deliberately keep quiet because those who resort to such cheap publicity have no idea of music and literature. I am sure they will not listen to the suggestions of seniors like me. Unlike us, they are running after glamour as an easy way of selling products. The directors should study the psychology of listeners and learn the trick of presenting glamorous topics in a humorous way. In the past, Odia movies used to vividly reflect the lifestyle, art and culture of the state. Now Odia-dubbed movies have replaced that.Q: Odia film industry was not at all lucrative during your time. Now the professions of acting or music fetch good money. Did not you feel let down on this count during your hey days?A: Like others, I too wanted good money for my work. But despite knowing that the profession of music would not fetch me much money, I remained committed to music. A hit song was like earning a hefty salary then. I was satisfied with the thought.Q: Did you ever guide young film directors?A: I knew my limitations and usually did not interfere in the directors' job because I was subordinate to them. But yes, at times I did share my artistic experience with some directors who were friendly with me. And they accepted my suggestions gladly.Q: Did you ever try your hand in film direction?A: I had desired to do so but I never tried. I was too busy with music direction, composing songs and singing. Thought I must say I am a better thinker than the present day film directors. And though old, I can still deliver good music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11919200", "title": "Body of incense wholesaler recovered", "text": "PATNA: The body of a Patna-based incense wholesaler, Ashish Kumar (32), was recovered near Rajgir in Nalanda district on Thursday.SDPO, Patna City, Sushil Kumar said that the wholesaler had left his Maharajganj-based residence under Alamganj police station in Patna City on February 13 with one of his friends , Heera. When he did not return home on that day, his family members lodged a written complaint with the Alamganj police station in this connection on February 14, he said.The SDPO said that during investigation, the local police got the information that an unidentified body had been found near Rajgir and an Alamganj police team reached there and found the body of Ashish and brought it to Patna. He said that an autopsy was done and the body was handed over to the family members, who performed the last rites on Thursday.The SDPO said that the wholesale dealer was strangulated to death. It is a planned murder and the reason behind the killing is yet to be ascertained, he said and added that an FIR against Heera and unknown persons has been lodged with Alamganj police station regarding kidnapping and murder of the wholesale dealer. Raids are on to arrest the accused, he added. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11923501", "title": "Jugalbandi at The Park", "text": "What happens when two diverse instruments such as the sitar and drums meet in a jugalbandi? They create magic!Such was the case on Valentines Day at Roxy, The Park, when sitarist Purbayan Chatterjee and American drummer Mark unveiled the formers album, Hemisphere, along with his band, Stringstruck.Said Purbayan, \"This is the first time I have worked with Mark and tried to present the audience with a completely new genre of music.\"Percussionist Tanmoy Bose and actor Hiraan were also present at the do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11920519", "title": "India's highest sex ratio in Lahaul, Spiti district: Dhumal", "text": "SHIMLA: Tribal Lahaul and Spiti district of Himachal Pradesh has the highest sex ratio in the country with 1,017 females for every 1,000 males, chief minister P K Dhumal said on Thursday.Inaugurating a two-day workshop on 'Rights of Girl Child and Future Impact on Imbalanced Sex Ratio' organised by the HP State Social Welfare Board, Dhumal said his government has made consistent efforts to save the girl child.In the past four years, such schemes have yielded positive results and the sex ratio in the state increased to 974 females against 1,000 males as per the latest census figures, he said.The chief minister said pre-natal sex determination was a cognisable offence and any person providing information about pre-natal tests and termination of female pregnancy will be rewarded.Dhumal said the state has taken note of the declining female sex ratio in the age group of zero to six years and introduced various schemes to encourage parents for saving the girl child.He said under the 'Beti Hai Anmol' programme, a sum of Rs 5,100 was being deposited at the time of birth of a girl child in poor families, with the amount multiplying substantially by the time she grows up, providing financial aid in meeting her education and marriage expenses.Girls were being given free education up to university level and provided text books and uniforms free of cost, he said.'Mukhya Mantri Kanyadaan Yojna', 'Matri Seva Yojna', 'Mother Teresa Matri Sambal Yojna', 'Matri Shakti Bima Yojna', 'Matritva Sahyog Yojna', 'Sabala Yojna' were some of the major schemes which had been implemented in the state for women's empowerment.He also said the state has the lowest infant mortality rate in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11921475", "title": "Live-in matchmaking mela invites opposition", "text": "BHOPAL: A proposed 'live-in relationship meet' here for senior citizens has run into opposition. A complaint before the district and police authorities, calls for ban on public event terming it to be against Indian culture downplaying the sanctity of senior citizens.Dubbed as a platform to choose a partner to live together, with minus the bother of a marriage, 'Senior Citizens Live-in Relationship Sammelan' is scheduled to be held here on February 19.Speaking to TOI, the complainant V K Naswa said, \"It should not be a public event. I have sought for a ban, as the idea of live-in relationships contravenes Indian sensibilities.\" Naswa has complained to the Bhopal district collector, DGP, MP state women's commission and department of Women and child development seeking a ban on the event.However, Naswa said that he would only seek a solution democratically. \"I will not go to the extent and protest in front venue.\"The event is scheduled at A Gem School, Patel Nagar on Raisen School is being organised by Ahmedabad- based NGO Vina Mulya Amulya Seva (VMAS).In an earlier interview to TOI, VMAS founder Natubhai Patel had said, \"After Ahmedabad, we received an invitation to hold a sammelan in Bhopal. We intend to organize the event later in Mumbai, Delhi, Pune, Chennai and other cities.\"\"Last month, a stricture passed by the Delhi High Court states that live-in relationship is objectionable in Indian society,\" said Naswa. Although he maintained that live-in relationships are legal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11920142", "title": "Ravanan arrrested in another case", "text": "CHENNAI: Central crime branch (CCB) police have formally arrested M R P Ravanan, relative of chief minister J Jayalalithaa's former aide Sasikalaa Natarajan, after a third case was registered against him on Wednesday.Ravanan, who was in Coimbatore prison, was brought to Chennai on Wednesday and produced before a magistrate court and later remanded in Puzhal prison.CCB police received a complaint from Bhuvanesan of Vellore who alleged in his complaint that Ravanan, Arumugam and Rajasekaran promised to get him a sand quarry on a river basin. According to Bhuvanesan, he gave Rs 2 crore to Arumugam, who promised to give the amount to Ravanan to get the work done. However, Bhuvanesan alleged that the work didn't kickstart even after repeated reminders. A couple of months ago, Bhuvanesan claimed that he was threatened by Arumugam. Following this, Bhuvanesan lodged a complaint against Ravanan.Earlier, CCB police had arrested Ravanan based on a complaint from Tirupur-based realtor Krishnamurthy. He was also arrested by the Coimbatore police for abducting a businessman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11920336", "title": "\u2018Urdu is the language of both poetry &amp; revolution\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Only a few days after he had first set foot in the lecture hall of his college in June 1979 did the young S A Shukoor realise that there were only five Muslim students in a class of 40. This set off a controlled thought process of questioning and contemplation culminating in a decision to help minorities, regardless of ethnicity and religious denomination. Thirty three years later professor S A Shukoor finds himself holding important positions on boards and committees of various state run minority welfare organisations and schemes. A man who wears many hats, he is now the director of the Centre of Education Development of Minorities (CEDM), the executive officer of AP State Haj Committee, head of the department of Urdu at Nizam College and the general secretary of Idara-e-Adabiyat-e-Urdu. With the condition of the minorities remaining largely unchanged, Shukoor says his mission has just begun.\"I realised at a very young age that the minorities in the state were socially and economically lagging behind,\" says Shukoor. \"The root cause of this backwardness among the lower and middle income groups of the minorities wasn't restricted to Karimnagar district - where I hail from - but was across India, and was and still is due to the lack of education.\" He says that the lack of career guidance too is an acute problem; the dropping out of students, an epidemic. With financial crises gaining preponderance, parents are forced to pull their children out of schools, forced to fend for their families.While the government has initiated projects within the purview of the CEDM for the improvement of participation and performance of students from minority communities, student enrolment and performance peters out after a while. Shukoor points out that the performance of Class X beneficiaries of such schemes have indeed fared better than their counterparts. \"In the year 2011-12, there were 2,960 beneficiaries who were given after-school coaching for Class X board exams. The pass percentage was 75.54% as against the 69.14% of those who appeared without being coached.\" However, pursuing education invariably takes the backseat once they pass Class X examinations.The participation of minorities in policy making bodies and administration too is poor because only a handful of students from minorities pass civil services examinations, says Shukoor. \"If one goes by statistics, only three bureaucrats are from the minority community from the AP cadre and the rest are primarily North Indians,\" he says. Despite offering coaching for job seeking examinations such as the civil services, Group 1,2 and 4, out of the 54,070 beneficiaries since 1994, only one student, Jeelani Basha, in 2009 managed to clear the civil services examinations and is now with the Indian Revenue Services. \"Preparation for the civils takes two years and students bound by financial constraints think that appearing for these exams is impractical. They prefer to live abroad to pursue engineering or graduation followed by an MBA and are oblivious to the plethora of opportunities the civil services give them. Immediate financial gain is their only target,\" says Shukoor.Most beneficiaries of these schemes are from Urdu medium schools and suffer from an inferiority complex because they feel that the connection of the language with employability has been severed, notes Shukoor. \"Every regional language lives in the fear of being supplanted by English which has become the language of commerce,\" he says. Despite this, Shukoor feels that there is no dearth of opportunities for Urdu medium students in the country and abroad. Pointing out the benefits of Urdu medium schools, Shukoor says that learning becomes easier because the instruction given is easier to comprehend. Describing Urdu not only as the ornate language of poetry but also of revolution, he says, \"Urdu electronic and print media is very strong not just in the sub-continent but across the world. The language is spoken in more than 200 hundred countries and there are a large number of students who appear for the mahir, amil and fazil examinations conducted by the Idara-e-Adbiyat-e-Urdu which is committed to the promotion of the language since 1932.India is on the road to become a superpower and it is time that the minorities actively participate and be a part of country's development, says Shukoor. \"It is imperative on the minorities that they look for employment in India than elsewhere,\" says an impassioned Shukoor. \"They will have a share in the country's development only if its members stay in the mainstream and actively participate in policy making.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11919264", "title": "Tirkey demands strict CNT Act", "text": "RANCHI: Tribal MLA from Mandar Assembly constituency Bandhu Tirkey is up in arms against government and political leaders proposing amendment to Chotanagpur Tenancy (CNT) Act. Tirkey has organized a debate over the issue inviting political and non-political leaders along with experts to deliberate on the details of the law on February 25.Talking to newspersons, he said ministers in the government are trying to mislead people over the issue of CNT Act that primarily aims at protecting the rights of tribals, dalits and backward caste members. Demanding strict implementation of the law in the state, he said the government has been reminded by the judiciary time and again that no minister or the government can tamper with the provisions of the act.\"The government is bound by the law to implement the act,\" he said adding that anyone who misuses power to grab tribal land in violation of the law must face legal consequences. When asked if he will support action on tribal leaders in state, who have purchased land outside the police station of their permanent residence, Tirkey said, \"The law is equally applicable to all and the process of returning the land to tribals must start from the powerful and mighty.\"Contradicting the argument being given by the Arjun Munda government, the act has become a deterrent in development because of constraints in acquiring land for big projects. Tirkey said the act was implemented in 1903 and yet so many development took place.\"We have railway stations, airport and projects like SAIL and Mython dam despite the act being in place, which indicates that there is always a provision for acquiring land by legal methods for development projects,\" he said. Backed by lawyers and public representatives, the front has extended an invitation to leaders across political affiliation and called upon common people to avoid being instigated by some of the leaders, who describe the Act as antinon-tribal.\"People must understand that the law is for protection of tribal rights and it is beyond amendment in wake of the fact that no law could be amended by the state legislature in scheduled areas, which come under the jurisdiction of President of Union of India,\" Tirkey added. Insisting on enforcement of the Act, he, however, abstained from commenting if he would support certain changes so that restriction on sale of land belonging to scheduled caste and backward classes be removed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11919794", "title": "Some clowning &amp; loving", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Clowns have always made you laugh but this play might bring tears to your eyes. Inspired by Shakespeare's, \" Romeo and Juliet,\" Sukhmani Kohli, a young city-based theatre person, has come up with a play, \"Romeo Juliet and Seven Clowns\". The play has also attempted to introduce clowns in a new light to the audience. \"To be a clown is to be in love,\" said Sukhmani, the director of the play.They were not clowns at the beginning of the play but they turn into 'clowns,' when they fall in love. The play talks about how Romeo loses 'his clown' as he acts out of ego and murders Juliet's couisn but the other 'clowns' forgive him and help him find the lost 'clown' in him. A song of Bulle Shah that has been put in the middle of the play, gives it a Sufi touch.The play was devised and evolved by the director and the cast through their own experiences of clowning and loving. The actors who rehearsed for the play for a month have worked hard to make the characters come alive. The actors include P.Chandershekhar, Satnam Singh, Jaswinder Singh, Sanjay Sharma, Jasvir Kumar, Kabir, Rinku Jain, Chakresh Kumar and Abhimanyu .Sukhmani, said that a lot of hard work went into the play and the script was changed four times to get it just right. The play will be staged at Tagore Theatre on Friday at 7pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11919057", "title": "64-year-old son prime suspect in widow\u2019s murder", "text": "MUMBAI: One of the three sons of 90-year-old Hiraben Mehta, who was found murdered in her Masjid Bunder flat on Tuesday evening, has emerged as the prime suspect in the case.Police sources said they were close to achieving a breakthrough in the case. After interrogating all three sons of the victim and verifying their claims, the cops' needle of suspicion pointed at Jamnadas Mehta (64) as they found discrepancies in his statement. Jamnadas has been detained for over 24 hours for questioning.The deceased is survived by sons Arvind (65), Jamnadas and Vinod (63). \"Initially, we suspected all three sons. We interrogated them, took their statements and verified the same. While Arvind and Vinod seemed to be telling the truth, there were a lot of discrepancies in what Jamnadas had to say,\" said inspector (crime) G More of the Pydhonie police station.Jamnadas, a bachelor, used to live with his mother. More said Jamnadas had told the police that he had gone out for some work and discovered his mother's body after returning home around 8-8.15pm on Tuesday. However, while questioning the neighbours, it came to light that Jamnadas had come home by 7pm. \"Why did he wait for over an hour to inform his brothers and us? It appears that he was trying to buy time in order to hide something. When we asked him about it, he did not have an answer,\" the officer added.According to More, Vinod and Arvind said they suspected Jamnadas to be behind Hiraben's murder. \"It was also alleged that Jamnadas used to assault her for refusing to give him money. Hiraben had nominated Jamnadas as her heir. As such, he would stand to gain the most,\" he added.\"If the post-mortem report shows the woman was murdered around the same time the neighbours saw Jamnadas come home, we will have enough grounds to arrest him,\" said the police.While Vinod was married and lived with his family in Chembur, he often visited his mother due to some alleged problems at home. Arvind, on the other hand, was a resident of Nashik who came to Mumbai on Tuesday morning to make arrangements for his daughter's wedding.The police said they were awaiting the post-mortem report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11919080", "title": "Trichy drowns in darkness", "text": "TRICHY: After quite some time, power cuts are set to shock Trichy again. Of late, power comes and goes without following a definite shutdown schedule. Since Monday, an eight-hour shutdown has been officially declared in Trichy region, and this might be extended for \"some more time\", says N Balakrishnan, chief engineer (distribution), who looks after seven districts in Trichy region.As a result, most people here have opted for stone grinders rather than electric mixers as they know the power situation is unlikely to improve in the coming months. As the dates for the two board exams appraches, inverters, hurricane lights and candles are being bought at a premium. Paradoxically, in the age of supercomputers, people are making a beeline for anything that sparks light in the darkness.Statistics are passe when it comes to the power situation. Balakrishnan told TOI that there was no magic wand to generate power, but if people used energy in a disciplined way, 10 to 20% of the present level of consumption could be saved. \"People need to be sensitised on this matter, and individual discipline is key to solve a part of the power shortage if not outage,\" he said. Asked whether it meant that people should suffer in silence, Balakrishnan laughed.Without a warning by way of a usual press release, Trichy is now experiencing a power cut for a total of 8.15 hours a day: three hours in the mornings (9 am to noon) and three hours in the evenings (3 pm to 6 pm) and thrice more for a duration of 45 minutes each, no one knows when. The psychological agony parents are going through in the run-up to the school board exams are untold.Muthamizh Selvan, a superintending engineer with the TNEB said, \"The load shedding between 6 pm and 6.45 pm is the most painful. But since it is a policy matter, I cannot throw much light on it, leave alone solving it\".Balakrishnan said the situation had come to such a state because demand had dramatically increased in direct proportion to the shortage experienced in the state since May last year. But the \"dramatic increase\" could not be gauged in exact numbers as Tamil Nadu followed the integrated grid system throughout the state. In other words, the state produces 194 to 195 million units a day, whereas we require 240 million units a day, said Balakrishnan. What is more, the demand (read increased consumption) would go up sharply in the coming summer season, he cautioned.But there was a silver lining. The state, that used to get about 2,600 to 2,700 MW from windmills during the peak windy season, now got only 300 MW. But the situation would again improve from, say, April 15, just in the middle of the 10th Board Exams. Furthermore, 500 MW would be available from Vallur from March, (the state share of which would be 375 MW) and another 600 MW from Mettur from March, Balakrishnan said. The state was also getting around 350 MW from the National Grid after Jayalalithaa came to power as against a demand for 1,000 MW.On the suggestion of giving power holidays to industries followed by full power supply on alternate days, Balakrishnan said it was not possible as the commercial and industrials lines were not segregated in the state. The idea was mooted as early as 2007 as most industries suffered on account of intermittent power cuts, resulting in poor productivity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11920651", "title": "Kidnapper cops have more cases against them", "text": "INDORE: The two cops, who were arrested in charges of abducting a man for ransom in Ratlam on Wednesday, were also involved in a similar offence in Dharampuri area last year besides a few more crimes.Ratlam police had arrested seven persons, including the two constables, Arvind Paparlia and Manish Chauhan, on charges of abduction for ransom. Of the two policemen, one is posted in Indore and the other in Dhar.SP, Ratlam, Raman Singh Sikarwar said that these constables were also involved in an abduction case that took place in Dharampur in November last year in which they allegedly abducted one Rasul Kanjar.The Dhar police had registered an offence in this regard.The SP said that the duo was supposed to reveal their involvement in other cases also. It should be noted that Ratlam police had arrested seven persons, including the constables on charges of abducting a man for ransom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11918845", "title": "Youth murdered after minor scuffle", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A youth was stabbed to death by a group in Jawahar Chowk of Maninagar on Thursday afternoon. Police believe that the incident was in retaliation to an earlier scuffle that took place in the morning.According to police, Raju Desai, 28, a resident of Rabari Vaas, Isanpur, had been to a tea stall in Jawahar Chowk at 3.15 pm on Thursday when a group led by Shivam Sharma and Suresh Vaghela came there and took up a fight.\"Eyewitnesses said Suresh Vaghela had come to the tea stall in the morning when Piyush Desai was seated along with Raju and others. At that time, they were joking in the group with abusive words when Vaghela was on the phone. He requested them not to use abusive language but they continued to do so. Piyush even slapped him and threatened him not to disturb him again,\" said a Maninagar police official.When Vaghela again came there with his friends, he spotted Raju and identified him as Piyush's nephew. The group then assaulted him with sharp weapons and stabbed him on his stomach and legs. He was taken to the LG Hospital where he died during treatment.B C Barot, in-charge inspector of Maninagar police station, said, \"We earlier got a tip-off that it might be due to financial transactions. However, we have not got any proof of that and believe that the murder was triggered by morning's incident. Search for the assailants is on,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11919708", "title": "Metro coaches soon under CCTV watch", "text": "KOLKATA: Eve-teasers, pickpockets and snatchers beware! The Metro Railway coaches will not remain a happy hunting ground for long. Authorities are planning to introduce a system through which live video footage from inside metro coaches will be scanned even when trains are in motion.If any criminal activity is spotted, the crooks will be escorted off the coach at the next station by the Railway Protection Force (RPF) and handed over to the police. Metro Railway will be the first underground network in the country to introduce this system.\"We are introducing the GSM-R technology which is essentially a mobile train radio communication system. There is a provision in this system through which live video feed can be sent from inside coaches to the control room. This will help to keep miscreants at bay. We are at an advanced stage at the moment and only a few technical issues need to be sorted out. We will have to fit CCTV cameras at strategic points inside the coaches. The cameras will act as a deterrent for people planning some mischief when the train is in motion,\" said P B Murty, general manager, Metro Railway.The railways has decided to introduce the GSM-R technology for better communications. The RDSO has approved the design and work has been commissioned on 2,415-km of tracks. The equipment has already been inspected, installed and commissioned in some of the railway zones. With Metro Railway planning more services, the GSM-R technology will also result in safer travel as motormen will be in constant touch with stations and the control room.\"Before long we shall have the Integrated Security System (ISS) in place. This will involve several activities like scanning of baggage and installation of more CCTV cameras at stations. We have already started to use CCTV footage to solve crimes. Recently, a gang of snatchers were nabbed from the Mahanayak Uttam Kumar station,\" Murty said.The Railway Board has already sanctioned additional RPF personnel for the metro network. At present, 295 personnel are deployed in the metro in addition to Kolkata Police personnel (known as Metro Railway Police). The ministry has cleared 723 new posts.Once all the personnel are in place, there will no longer be any need for the MRP. The additional personnel will be required as more networks are being added. Sources revealed that the West Bengal government is set to hand over its 25% stake in the Kolkata Metro Railway Corporation (KMRC) to the Indian Railways. The Metro Railway will naturally be in charge.It is not as if the authorities only have to deal with miscreants. With the network extending and the minimum fare remaining at Rs 4, all sorts of people are 'using' the services. \"Sometime ago, we nabbed a woman purchasing tickets for herself and her differently-abled child and begging inside coaches. Better security will help to prevent such incidents,\" said Protyush Ghosh, DGM(G), Metro Railway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11918855", "title": "Laxative gang looted loo-trapped victims", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two employees of an electronic goods shop devised a unique plan to keep their employer and manager busy in the toilet so that they can steal ceiling fans in their absence. Police nabbed three persons for theft and also recovered 14 stolen ceiling fans.The three employees used to sprinkle laxative in their lunch everyday. While the employer and the manager were busy in the toilet, they employees slipped out ceiling fans to their accomplice.According to Kalupur police officials, they got a tip-off on Wednesday night that three men were moving around suspiciously, carrying boxes of ceiling fans. A team led by sub-inspector P H Vasava rushed to the spot and questioned them about the ceiling fans they had with them. They said that they had to deliver these to the buyers. Vasava asked for bills or invoices but the trio did not have any documents and also refused to confirm the delivery from the shop.\"We got suspicious and took the trio to their shop, Gayatri Sales, on Gandhi Road owned by Kaushal Bhavsar, a resident of Bopal. He told the police that Usha and Ravi brand fans had been stolen from his shop. We lodged a complaint of theft and started questioning the trio. It was then that we got to know that there was a twist,\" said Vasava.The trio was identified as Manhar Vankar, 29, Deepak Vaniya, 42, both residents of Raipur and Suresh Parmar, 22, a resident of Kankaria. While Manhar and Suresh were working in the shop, Deepak was roped in to get the goods.\"They told us that everyday Bhavsar and the manager Jayesh Modi used to take tiffins in the afternoon, when there would be less flow of customers. The employees used to arrange it for the two. It was during this process that they would mix laxative in their food. Soon after lunch, Bhavsar and Modi would make a beeline for the toilet, leaving the shop Vankar and Vaniya's charge. At such times, they would get Deepak as per prior arrangements and hand over the fans to him. So far, they have confessed to stealing 14 fans worth Rs 13,300. They claim that they have not sold the fans so far and were in talks with a couple of parties to sell the entire lot in one deal,\" said Vasava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "11920500", "title": "Upset Karmapa administration accepts summons, assures cooperation", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Upset over reports about returning of summons issued by Una chief judicial magistrate, the Karmapa administration has denied any ulterior motive and promised full adherence and cooperation with law of the land.The administration has maintained that they had received the summons and also quoted Karmapa as saying that he has full trust in the Indian legal system and that he will cooperate and follow the due process.\"One of the three staff members of the Karmapa administration named in the charge sheet was in Dharamsala and received the summons. The other two named have been out of station and were unable to receive the summons,\" said Karma Chungyalpa, spokesperson for the Karmapa administration.\"His Holiness, the Karmapa, is not presently in Dharamsala. He has been residing in Bodhgaya, in Bihar, since late January, presiding over the large puja of his Buddhist order that takes place every year,\" he said.The Tibetan spiritual leader, Ogyen Trinley Dorje, was ordered by the Una court to appear in the court on March 6, 2012. He is the most revered leader after Dalai Lama and heads the Karma Kaygu sect of Buddhism.He was summoned by the court in connection with currency seizure from a vehicle during a checking. Later, following investigations into the same, foreign currency amounting to Rs 5 million was also recovered from his Gyuto Tantric monastery, which was stated to be offerings from worldwide followers of the Karmapa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11920016", "title": "Rahul's 35 km roadshow charms city", "text": "LUCKNOW: Twenty-four hour before the campaigning comes to an end, the city witnessed the Gandhi charm full blast on Thursday when Rahul Gandhi gave his party's prospects a final thrust by holding a three-and-a-half-hour non-stop road show.The high voltage show started from the Lucknow airport and covered parts of five constituencies - Sarojini Nagar, Lucknow West, Lucknow North, Lucknow East, Lucknow Ventral and Lucnow Cantt en route. During the course of the 35 km journey, Rahul appeared in direct contrast to the angry young man who tore apart his rivals' agenda and manifesto just a day ago. He smiled and animatedly waved at party workers, supporters and passers-by.The young MP rode a bus which bore the slogan \"Utho, Jago Badlo Uttar Pradesh\". Holding tight the bar, he was seen sharing the footboard with party candidate of the area. His companions kept changing depending upon the constituency. The show began with Congress candidate from Sarojini Nagar Gaurav Awasthi. He was replaced by Rita Bahuguna Joshi, Shayma Kishor Shukla, Neeraj Bora, Ramesh Shrivastava and Fakir Siddiqui as the motorcade progressed through different localities.Highly charged Congress workers waited at city intersections and select pockets. The entire stretch in Rahul's itinerary was covered with Congress flags. In areas like Kaisarbagh, Nakhas, Maulviganj, Raqabganj, Chowk and Aminabad, men lined the streets on both sides and women and young girls stood at the balconies. Even in posh areas like Mahanagar, Aliganj, Kapoorthala and Hazaratganj the craze to catch a glimpse of the young leader seemed all too obvious and infectious.There were moments of anxiety to the security personnel when the motorcade passed though congested by lanes and taking advantage the crowds surged forward to shake hands with Rahul. Though the MP did not hold any meeting en route or stopped to talk to the crowd he could hear the remarks and responded by smiling and nodding his head in acknowledgement. At Roomigate, when one of his admirers shouted \"Rahulji is baar sarkar apko banana hai\", Rahul responded with a broad smile and a vigorous wave.Crossing the Vidhan Sabha Marg at the peek traffic hour, the show finally terminated at the VVIP guest house from where Rahul drove straight to the airport. Meanwhile, even as the politically analysts speculated upon its impact, congress leaders appeared to be sure that the three-hour jamboree would lead to a mass conversion among the urban fence sitter and pad up the party tally. Assembly elections news 2012UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11919373", "title": "Dimna hunger strike ends on fourth day", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The indefinite hunger strike of the 18 displaced people ended on Thursday evening following intervention of the East Singhbhum district administration. The hunger strike which entered into the fourth day was called off subsequent to the assurance made by the Dhalbhum subdivisional officer (SDO) Subodh Kumar.\"I have assured them that the administration will establish a dialogue between the aggrieved people and a competent authority of Tata Steel, soon to address all genuine demands,\" said Kumar. Madan Mohan, convenor of Jharkhand Mukti Vahini (JMV), said, \"In the wake of the assurance made by the SDO to take up our matter with Tata Steel, we decided to call off the hunger strike.\"Displaced people, hailing from the 12 affected villages in the Dimna Lake area, were sitting on hunger strike since February 13 seeking compensation from the steel major in lieu of the 102 acres acquired by it in early 1940s for the construction of the scenic lake, the main source of water supply in Tata Steel's command area. \"We are hopeful that the district administration will proactively engage with the company in resolving our grievances,\" said Arvind Anjum, rights activist and member, JMV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11920299", "title": "SRM to introduce new courses", "text": "CHENNAI: Noting the importance of cyber security, SRM University will introduce courses on ethical hacking and networking from this academic year. SRM university chairman, Ravi Pachamoothoo said they will start a networking sciences department that will offer courses on BSc Ethical Hacking and BSc Networking Security.Pachamoothoo spoke as part of the three-day national level technical festival organized at the college. The event was showcased the possibilities of mobile communications, cloud computing and innovations in web designing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11920354", "title": "Abandoned Nepali girl to return home", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A 14 year-old-girl from Nepal, who was found abandoned in Kunnamangalam town, would soon find her way back home as her parents have already started from Nepal to take her back.Officials of the Vanitha Police Station here contacted the parents of Sabitha with the help of a Nepal native who is working as a labourer at a hotel near the Moffussil stand.The girl was handed over to Vanitha Station by the officials of Kunnamangalam police station. As the girl could speak only Nepali, the police could not find the where about of the girl.The police, with the help of a translator, contacted the parents of the girl using her own mobile phone. According to the police, the girl has been receiving calls from her parents and relatives.They later on identified that the girl belongs to Bayag in Nepal and reached Kunnamangalam in Kozhikode on Tuesday with a Nepali boy who is working in the Kunnamangalam region.According to the police, the girl who is totally unaware of where she was, could not give any details on the Nepali youth who took her to Kozhikode. According to her statement, she was brought to Delhi by bus and from there to Kozhikode by train.After collecting the details, the police presented the girl before the child welfare committee on Wednesday. The girl was later shifted to Children's Home, Kozhikode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11920097", "title": "Be like Gandhiji\u2019s three monkeys, CBI tells media", "text": "HYDERABAD: Perhaps prodded by the IAS lobby embarrassed by the recent investigations that has landed up two of their colleagues in jail and is forcing several others to appear as witnesses, the CBI on Thursday made an unusual 'request' to the print and electronic media. \"Please desist from publishing and disclosing the names of the persons coming to depose before CBI,\" it requested and also asked TV cameramen and newspaper photographers not to park themselves in front of the two premises and hound the IAS officers who are summoned to appear in the various cases being probed by the agency.\"The witnesses who are deposing before the CBI are complaining about the presence of media near Dilkusha Guest House saying that they are being exposed to security risks. The presence of the media near the gate is also preventing genuine witnesses who may like to depose before the CBI,\" the statement issued by Hyderabad CBI SP H Venkatesh on Thursday said. Strangely, the CBI attributed its request as being \"in the interest of proper investigation\" by the agency. \"They want us to be like Gandhiji's three monkeys. Don't see anything ,hear anything and say anything,\" remarked a senior journalist on receipt of the CBI letter. Sources said the CBI was prevailed upon to issue such a statement after the AP IAS Officers Association attempt to get the sleuths to come to the IAS officers' official chambers for questioning the witnesses rather than summoning babus to the CBI offices boomeranged. The recent resolution of the association stating that like ministers, IAS officers being questioned by the CBI in the various scams as witnesses should be called upon rather than be summoned was criticized by various quarters .Interestingly, a copy of the CBI's request was marked to the Press Council of India. CBI joint director V V Lakshminarayana could not be reached despite several attempts over the phone, even as police circles wondered as to why the request did not come from the highest CBI authority in the state and instead an officer of the SP rank was left to do the honours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11920138", "title": "Amitabh to undergo another surgery", "text": "MUMBAI: Less than a week after undergoing back-to-back sugeries for hernia, Amitabh Bachchan is likely to undrgo another one soon. The superstar tweeted on Thursday, saying it could be a while before he got out of hospital.Authorities at Seven Hills Hospital in Marol, where the actor underwent the surgeries last week, remained tight-lipped about why he needed to go under the knife yet again. However, TOI has learnt from people in the know that the superstar might have developed post-operative hematoma (clotting of blood outside the blood vessels).\"He has developed hematoma in the site of the previous surgery, and this surgery will be required to drain the clot,\" the source said. \"In several cases, the mesh (patch) that is used to repair the hernia gives rise to this complication. Mesh is, after all, a foreign body and may not be accepted well.\"Experts that TOI spoke to said while hematoma was a known complication following a hernia operation, it was only in rare cases that a surgical intervention was required to treat it.Bachchan had undergone surgery for bilateral inguinal hernia, a condition caused by protrusion of tissues through the abdominal wall.Bachchan has said in his tweets that he has been in pain even after the surgery, which doctors say is one of the classic symptoms of hematoma. The hematoma may be as tiny as a drop of blood or large, causing swelling. In Bachchan's case, it could be slightly more than a tiny clot.Post-surgery Bachchan had tweeted how his pain around the abdomen had not disappeared. On Wednesday night, he tweeted, \"The pain remains... not at the site of the wound but in the stomach... more investigations... CT scans, X-rays... still in Hospital!\" On Thursday, he tweeted, \"Some more tests... more unpronounceable medication and another visit to the OT... operation theatre! Going to be a long stay.''The next surgery will be Bachchan's fifth after the 1982 incident during the shooting of his film Coolie when he was grievously injured during a fight scene. He had remained critically ill in hospital for many months, and had the entire country praying from his recovery.But this time, Bachchan said, he at least knew who was praying for him. \"There were many hundreds that prayed then in 1982, but were faceless and distant.., now they are with face name and 'handle'. How times change! During 1982 'Coolie' episode, I used to keep all your prayers under my pillow... now... on Twitter and Blog!''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "panaji/kochi", "code": "11918924", "title": "Kerala woman found at Bandra station gives cops the slip", "text": "PANAJI/KOCHI: Found abandoned at Bandra station, Aleena Hussain (22) went missing at Canacona station on Thursday, while she was being taken home by the Kerala police.The Kerala police personnel were returning home with Aleena by Netravati Express on Wednesday, when she went missing. \"She was last seen at Canacona station at 12.29am on Thursday by the station master. On seeing her alone, the station master questioned her and she replied that her father was waiting for her. She then walked out of the station. She is missing since then,\" said an official from Canacona police station.The train had reached Canacona at 12.27 am, where it stopped for two minutes. \"Kerala police informed us that on learning that Aleena was missing, they got down at Karwar (24 minutes from Canacona) and took a taxi back to Goa and tried searching,\" the police said.When their efforts failed, the Kerala police contacted Canacona police around 8 am. \"A police team from Canacona police station is searching for Aleena along with the Kerala police,\" said inspector Rajesh Kumar of Canacona police.On February 6, Aleena was found wandering at Bandra station. She was then lodged at Mumbai's Bapnu Ghar, a charity home for women and children in Worli. After TOI reported her story, the Kerala government decided to extend a helping hand to Aleena and on Monday, sent two women police officials and a senior civil police officer to Mumbai to bring her home safely. The Kerala RPF, as well as the accompanying police, claim that \"the girl had shown signs of mental depression and they were to seek a psychologist's help in Kozhikode\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "11925088", "title": "China shuts down around 1,000 factories over toxic glue", "text": "BEIJING: Around 1,000 factories producing leather goods in China's Guangzhou city were closed during a campaign launched after four workers died from glue poisoning.Authorities have also sealed up another 31 enterprises and shut down 15 others during the inspection campaign launched earlier this month.Guangzhou production safety bureau has set up a special task force to investigate enterprises suspected of breaking labour laws relating to health and safety.\"Most of the factories involved were found to have no operation licenses or had violated laws,\" state-run China Daily quoted a bureau official as saying.Guangzhou police have also detained six people who are suspected of illegally producing and selling poisonous glues.The campaign, which has investigated 2,873 companies, was launched after 37 migrant workers who worked in leather, shoe and bag companies in the city's Baiyun and Liwan districts suffered from glue poisoning in November and four of the workers died.Liu Yimin, vice-president of Guangzhou No 12 People's Hospital, said his hospital had admitted a further 33 people suffering glue poisoning since then, of whom 28 were still being treated.Most were in serious condition when they arrived at the hospital, with some put in intensive care units, said Liu.Their symptoms included headaches, feeling weak overall and incontinence, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "11920074", "title": "Debt drives another farmer to suicide", "text": "BURDWAN:Ridden by debt, yet another farmer committed suicide at Nouhati village under Memari police station on Wednesday.Madhav Santra, 40, a share cropper, took pesticide due to debt burden and loss of crop in the field, his family claimed. On Wednesday afternoon, his wife and neighbours took him to Memari Grameen Hospital, where he died in the evening.A relative of the farmer, Raghab Santra alleged that Madhav had taken a loan of Rs 25,000 from the local cooperative society and Rs 10,000 from amahajan. He did not have his own land and used to cultivate four bighas as a share cropper.While he cultivated potato on two-and-a -half bighas, other vegetables like cucumber and pumpkin were grown on the remaining one and a half bighas. Madhav had suffered losses in the aman cultivation earlier. With the potato plants getting infected and poor growth of vegetables, Madhav's scope of financial recovery became bleak, claimed Raghab.His elder son Ujjwal Santra, 18, helped him with cultivation, while his elder daughter will appear for her Madhyamik examination this year. The younger daughter studies in class IX.The OC of Memari police station Sanjib Ghosh said that the villager had not died due to debt issues. It was because of family feud that he committed suicide. Burdwan SDO Pradip Acharya also refuted the allegations made by the victim's family. \"He was led to commit suicide due to a family feud. Despite that I have sent the BDO of Bhatar Amartya Chakraborty to his house. We are waiting for a detailed report,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11921098", "title": "Maharashtra civic polls: Tight security limits violence to minor clashes", "text": "A huge posse of policemen, Rapid Action Force and the elite Quick Response Teams at sensitive areas and polling booths ensured that there was no major law and order problem during the civic elections in Mumbai on Thursday.Cases of assault between political party workers were reported on Thursday at Chunabhatti , Deonar, Ghatkopar, Kurla, Mahim, Mankhurd, Nehru Nagar, Pant Nagar, Powai, Saki Naka, Kurar, Dongri and Malabar Hill.An independent candidate's husband was arrested by Nepean Sea Road police from Ward 44 for canvassing within the safe radius of a polling booth.Ajit Sawant, suspended Congress city general secretary, alleged that he was man-handled by supporters of Congress leader Sada Sarvankar whose son Samadhan is contesting from Ward 182 in Mahim. Sawant was campaigning for rebel candidate Meena Desai. But Mahim police senior inspector Ramrao Desai said,\"Nothing of the sort happened.\"Around 4.30am on Thursday , clashes were reported between BJP party workers and those supporting Pravin Chedda , a BJP rebel who contested as a Congress candidate from Ghatkopar (West). The incident occurred in Vidyavihar when BJP party workers Kanna Rajput (22) and J P Bhanusali (21) allegedly assaulted real estate agent Rahul Khilani (27), a supporter of Chedda.Sanjay Shintre, deputy commissioner of police (zone VII), said, \"Whatever incidents have occurred were minor in nature. We have, however , taken action against those responsible for creating petty problems,\" said Shintre. He said the Ghatkopar police arrested two men for assaulting Khilani. \"The party workers were patrolling the locality to find out if any rival was involved in bribing voters.\"Meanwhile, there was a clash between Shiv Sena and MNS workers at Sangharsh Nagar in Chandivali. \"Party workers from both sides were compelling voters to cast vote in their favour and this led to commotion. Timely intervention by Saki Naka police brought the situation under control,\" a resident of Chandivali told TOI.Malwani cops resorted to a minor lathi-charge to disperse a large mob of locals that had gathered outside the police station late on Wednesday.At Agripada, one Deepak Kanade was beaten up by three Arun Gawli-led Akhil Bharatiya Sena supporters. A non-cognisable offence was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mahbubnagar/anantapur", "code": "11920485", "title": "2 farmers end life", "text": "MAHBUBNAGAR/ANANTAPUR: Distressed over crop losses and mounting debts, two farmers committed suicide, in Mahbubnagar and Anantapur districts, on Thursday.Jangaiah, 40, hanged himself at his home at Peddur village in Talkapally mandal of Mahbubnagar, frustrated over his failure to procure loans for cultivation. Jangaiah, who owned five acres of land, incurred heavy losses in the last two years but could not raise manage further loans from the government, sources said. Hundreds of farmers staged dharna at Narayanpet decrying agriculture officers' negligence to help out the ryots in distress.In another incident, a cotton farmer, Brahmananda Reddy, ended his life by consuming pesticide at Aavulampalli in Anantapur district as he could not repay moneylenders. Anguished by his death, Reddy's wife also consumed pesticide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "11919034", "title": "Two cousin sisters among 3 killed in road accident", "text": "ALWAR: Three persons including two cousin sisters were killed on Thursday when a rashly driven dumper hit their scooter at Shivaji Nagar area in Alwar district.The incident took place at afternoon when Anita (20) along with her cousin sister Shanu (18) and their uncle Ashok (35) were going to the market on a Scooty. While they were passing through Shivaji Nagar area, their vehicle was hit by a rashly driven dumper coming from opposite direction, police said.According to the police, all the three persons were killed on the spot and they were not wearing any helmets.Soon after the accident, the locals jammed the road and protested for almost an hour. Senior police officers rushed to the spot and assured the protesters that the driver would be arrested soon.Police said Shanu hailed from Jaipur and was staying with her maternal uncle and was studying Class XII at a private school in Alwar while Anita was the daughter of Ashok was a student. Ashok was preparing for Rajasthan Administrative Services (RAS) exam.The locals claimed that the decision of having one way on the highway connecting Bhiwadi to Sikandara is the main reason of the overcrowded highway that actually led to this accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11918949", "title": "Cidco plots fetch Rs 650 crore, for nearly Rs 1 lakh/sq m", "text": "MUMBAI: Saddled with debts and dropping flat sales, purchasing land at exorbitant prices may be a thing of the past for city developers. But that does not seem to be the case with developers in Navi Mumbai.Two plots of land admeasuring over 9,600 sq m at Sector 8 in Ghansoli - that was auctioned by City and Industrial Development Corporation (Cidco) - were sold for over Rs 9,450 per sq ft (psf) or Rs 1 lakh a sq m. While Satyam Builders quoted Rs 9,450 psf or 1.02 lakh per sq m (psm) for one plot, RNA (Narendra Agrawal) group-owned Om Namo Shivaya quoted Rs 9,400 psf or Rs 1.01 lakh psm for the second plot.This is the second highest bid for lands auctioned by Cidco in a month's time. In early January, Cidco sold a 7,000 sq m-plot in the same sector for a record Rs 1.11 lakh psm.The remaining four plots auctioned also received bids ranging from Rs 8,500 psf to Rs 8,900 psf, or Rs 92,000 to Rs 96,000 a sq m. The base price for the total six plots auctioned on Thursday was Rs 25,000 a sq m. Cidco has earned approximately Rs 650 crore by auctioning six plots admeasuring 67,000 sq m, which is three-fourth of Oval Maidan.Unlike the normal practice followed by state agencies to auction numbered plots, the plots auctioned by Cidco were not numbered. Instead, Cidco, after accepting the bid, will ask successful developers to choose the size and plot of his choice. Cidco followed a similar method for plots auctioned in Kharghar in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11920194", "title": "\u2018Sukhoi\u2019 set to make maiden entry in city", "text": "HYDERABAD: If all goes well, the 'Sukhoi Superjet 100' could well be, for the first time ever, sharing airspace with the 'Dreamliner' (a midsized, wide-body, twin-engine jet airliner developed by Boeing Commercial Airplanes) at the third edition of the India Aviation Show-2012, slated to kick-start in the city next month. According to key officials of the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce &amp; Industry (FICCI), co-organisers of the show along with the Airport Authority of India (AAI), Air India and Boeing are in talks to get the 'flying extravaganza' to Hyderabad and exhibit it before the 20,000-strong crowd, expected to throng the venue on the last two days. The event will be held between March 14 and 18.Also, to make up for the missing aerobatics __ it has been discouraged this year in the light of the air crash in 2010 __ FICCI officials say that they have arranged for some special 'entertainment' for the public and expect it to be well-received. \"We cannot divulge too much information at this stage as we are still in the process of finalising the schedule. We can, however, say that it is going to be something similar to the aerobatics seen in the past,\" a senior FICCI official said.While the industry body on its part has brought onboard as many as 13 aircraft operators from across the globe to participate in the event, AAI has erected a Rs 3.5 crore worth state-of-the-art auditorium at the Begumpet airport, the official venue of the air show, to give the event an international feel. Even runways, parking areas and hangers have been revamped by the airport authorities, especially for the aviation show.But even as preparations seem to be on a full swing for the much-awaited event, there seems to be some trouble brewing between the two primary organisers __ AAI and FICCI. According to sources, AAI officials are believed to have expressed concern over revenue sharing with FICCI.While the official arrangement between the two parties states that revenue generated though the air show will be equally divided among them, AAI officials fear that it might not be the case eventually as monetary control lies with FICCI, citing certain misgivings they had with the industry body on the matter last year. \"We have a 50-50 revenue sharing model but we had no idea about the total revenue collected last year.\"Apparently, this year AAI is also trying to ensure that it gets more importance than it did last year. \"But FICCI has already allotted prime slots to private exhibitors. While we agree that such a move would help us earn more money, it is important that the host organisation also gets prominence in the event. AAI has created some great work in the field of aviation (such as 'GAGAN' - GPS Aided Geo Augmentation Navigation), which we would like to exhibit during the show,\" said an AAI official on condition of anonymity.FICCI officials, however, maintained that all was well between the two bodies. Speaking to TOI from Singapore, Vinay Shankar Mathur, assistant general secretary (trade fairs), FICCI, said, \"There is absolutely no rift between us (AAI and FICCI). We had in fact handed over a chartered accountant-certified report to AAI on the revenue generated in 2010.\" Mathur also said that he had personally spoken to the chairman of AAI who had confirmed that there was no concern (with regard to revenue) on AAI's part.Civil aviation ministry officials refused to comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11919902", "title": "Commercial tax mop-up below growth target", "text": "KOLKATA: The growth in commercial tax collection in the state at present stands at 20%, which is way below the 30% target for the current financial year.\"Till January in fiscal 2010-11, we collected around Rs 10,000 crore. In this fiscal, we have till date collected Rs 11,800 crore, approximately,\" commercial taxes commissioner Binod Kumar said at a seminar organized by the Bengal Chamber of Commerce and Industry.In the last fiscal, the collection for the full year was around Rs 13,368 crore. \"The collection so far this year has witnessed a 20% growth. We are making hard efforts to achieve the target,\" he said at the seminar on VAT. During the budget-on-account of the state government, state finance minister Amit Mitra has envisaged that the commercial tax collection this fiscal would rise by 30%.This year, the cash-trapped state government betted big on increased taxes on alcoholic beverages and tobacco. Sales tax on liquor sold at MRP has been raised from 23% to 27% and without MRP from 37% to 50%. The government was expecting to mop up additional resources up to Rs 200 crore from this excise hike. This year, the date of filing returns has been extended from February 15 to February 29.The state government also opted for e-governance to boost tax revenue collection. Kumar added that the number of registrations for tax filing has increased and e-governance has played a pivotal role.The five initiatives of e-registration are dematerialization of registration certificates, e-return under West Bengal Sales Tax Act, e-payment under industrial promotion and assistance scheme through electronic clearance systems (ECS), e-VAt refund and payment of refund through ECS and e-submission of option under composition scheme in form 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11918844", "title": "Complaint registered against Bagwe's son", "text": "PUNE: Former minister of state for home Ramesh Bagwe's son and Congress nominee Avinash Bagwe was involved in a ruckus with the police officials posted at the Rajiv Gandhi slum rehabilitation scheme in Kasewadi, on Thursday morning, on the issue of shifting of three polling booths from the scheme.The police have registered a complaint against Avinash and 15 others for obstructing policemen from doing their duty.Avinash later accused Assistant Commissioner of Police (City Division) Ranjit Dhure of manhandling him and tearing his election badge and clothes and demanded action against the senior police officer. He filed written complaints in this connection with the PMC election returning officer Mahesh Phatak and city police chief Meeran Chadha Borwankar.However, the police have dismissed Avinash's claim as baseless and havesaid that he had violated the election model code of conduct.Ramesh Bagwe, who is a sitting MLA from the Pune Cantonment area, is credited with the development of the scheme under the slum rehabilitation authority. The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) had put up three polling booths (Nos. 31, 32 and 33) in this scheme, which houses 500-odd families.However, the police as well as Avinash's rival contestants had objected to the setting up of the three polling booths on the grounds that the scheme is occupied mostly by Bagwe's supporters and may lead to trouble as people from adjoining areas, reaching these booths for voting, would be under pressure from these supporters.In a letter to the PMC, the city police had stated that the conduct of free and fair polls at these polling booths would be difficult. The assistant returning officer (ARO) in-charge of these polling booths had also sent a letter to the PMC urging that the booths be shifted. The issue was also raised in a series of meetings between the police and the PMC.The PMC later shifted one of these booths, but the new location of this booth was in the same premises. The only change was that this shifted booth was covered with tin sheds and entry to voters was being given from the rear side of the premises.Around 9.30 am on Thursday, some of Avinash's rival contestants called the police to inform that Avinash was trying to influence voters. The police control room officials asked the senior officers there to ensure that Avinash was taken away from the 100 m periphery around these booths.However, Avinash allegedly picked up an alteraction with the police. Soon, Avinash's supporters started assembling. Dhure rushed to the spot and caught Avinash's hand and took him out of the 100 m radius. Ramesh Bagwe too reached the site by this time and took his son away from the spot. Dhure said, \"Avinash's charges are baseless. We have strictly implemented the guidelines of the state election commission relating to the conduct of the civic polls.\"City police chief Borwankar justified the police action. tnnThe Khadak police has, meanwhile, registered a complaint against Avinash and 15 others for obstructing policemen from performing their duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11919693", "title": "14-year-old girl goes missing", "text": "PANCHKULA: A 14-year-old girl, a resident of Sector-23, Panchkula who went missing after she went outside her house for a walk, is being suspected to be another case of kidnapping by the cops. Though the girl went missing on February 3, her father, Kishan, lodged a missing person's complaint only late on Wednesday night at the Chandimandir police station after all their efforts to find her failed. The parents of the girl work in a private firm in Sector 23, Panchkula.\"The girl had come to Panchkula from Chhattisgarh where she was studying two months ago to stay with her parents here. On the night of February 3, after all three of them had dinner together, the girl went outside for a walk. But when she did not return for a while her parents went outside looking for her but could not find her,\" informed station house officer of the Chandimandir police station, inspector Surinder Kumar.Inspector Surinder Kumar added, \"Her parents have been looking for her all these days but when they could not find her, they finally lodged a missing person complaint with us. It seems to be a kidnapping case because the girl was new to this place and if she had any other motive she would have gone at a time when her parents were out at work. We are investigating the matter.\" Another officer said, \"During investigations her parents revealed that their daughter usually went for a walk after dinner near their house. Her parents who looked for her everywhere said that they are suspecting it to be a case of kidnapping as they did not have any enmity with anyone.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11920359", "title": "Chevella DSP caught taking bribe", "text": "HYDERABAD: Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths on Thursday trapped Chevella deputy superintendant of police (DSP) K Gunasekhar while he was taking Rs 25,000 as bribe from the complainant to do an official favour.Gunasekhar is the second top state police officer caught resorting to corrupt practices in less than a month. RC Puram SDPO P Venkataratnam was sacked for indulging in land settlements.Based on the complaint lodged by one Rajneesh, ACB sleuths laid a trap at the 35-year-old Gunasekhar's house at Chevella on Thursday evening and caught him red-handed while he was taking the bribe amount.According to ACB joint director A R Srinivas, the DSP demanded the bribe for registering a case against the opposite party of the complainant in a property dispute case.The ACB team recovered the bribe amount from the glove compartment of the officer's car. A chemical test conducted on his hand gave positive results. The officer was arrested. He would be produced before the special court for ACB and SPE cases, Hyderabad on Friday, the JD said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11920160", "title": "Chanchalguda prisoners to dish out cookies soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: In an effort to popularize the products produced by prison inmates, authorities of Chenchalguda central prison are planning to set up an outlet in front of the jail soon. This outlet is likely to be opened to public in a week's time.Products from the Special Prison for Women, Chanchalguda, Central Prison, Chanchalguda and Central Prison, Cherlapalli will be put up on sale in the canteen. Visitors will also get a chance to buy bed-sheets, candles and even place orders for steel furniture, chalk pieces and other products that are produced by inmates.A bakery unit was opened a few months ago at the Special Prison for Women where different types of biscuits, curry puffs and cakes are made. These products will be available in the canteen. \"When the products are sold through an outlet, it becomes easy for people to buy them. Soon the outlet will be ready for opening,\" DIG prisons (Telangana) B Samuel Johnson said. The products will be sold by the inmates of the Chanchalguda prison.It is compulsory for prisoners who are sentenced to rigorous imprisonment to work in the jail. At the open air jail in Cherlapalli, prisoners run a vegetable outlet and a petrol bunk is run by the inmates of Kadapa prison.Earlier these products were just sold to other government departments by the prison authorities. Though some people were aware of this facility, they hesitate to enter the prison. But now the prison department plans to go 'public' by opening the outlet so that even the general population can access these products. During the All India Industrial Exhibition, the prison department stall had attracted a large number of visitors. Johnson said the turnover at the stall was Rs 22 lakh.It is interesting to note that some of the prisoners come out of the jail premises and clean the surroundings of the jail everyday. They are given free movement but are kept under watch by the prison staff. This freedom is given to prisoners with good conduct and to those whose time for release is nearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11920845", "title": "IT raid on RNS Group in Hubli, Bangalore", "text": "HUBLI: Income Tax officials conducted raids on R N Shetty Group of Companies in Hubli on Thursday morning. According to sources, IT officials zeroed in on a few firms belonging to RNS Group.Officials raided Shri Murudeshwar Ceramics Limited, Murudeshwar Bhavan and RN Shetty residences. During the raid, officials who split into various teams verified all documents belonging to RNS Group.Each team consisted of 6 officials, while around 15 to 20 officials conducted the raid on RN Shetty Group.Sources said officials have given clear instructions to all employees not to reveal anything to the media.Immediately after conducting the raid, all entrance gates and doors were closed to prevent the entry of mediapersons. IT officials conducted the raid around 8am and have reportedly spent more than six hours to verify documents.They reportedly confiscated some important documents during the raid. A similar raid was also conducted by IT officials in RN Shetty's house in Bangalore on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11924980", "title": "Showing the Way", "text": "KOLKATA: Alfred Ford (re-christened Ambarish Das), an American heir to Ford fortune and the great grandson of legendary businessman Henry Ford , visited the Institute of Leadership Entrepreneurship and Development (iLead) Kolkata campus to interact with the students and teachers.He gave an inspirational talk on the Indian influence of spiritualism in his life and his association with ISKCON. Fords life is a remarkable exception from other billionaires. He is a devotee of Lord Krishna, a pure vegetarian, married to a Bengali woman and has willingly alienated himself from the Ford fortune and embraced Hindu spiritualism wholeheartedly.Ford also shared the fact that his interest in spiritualism was inherited from his great grandfather Henry Ford, after whom a classroom has been named in iLead campus.My great grandfather believed in the philosophy of reincarnation and did extensive research on it and if we give it a thought then even human beings are produced via an assembly line, said Ford.When a student asked what led him to embrace such a life, Ford replied, I was born with a lot of money but no spiritual heritage so. The hunger to know life in its totality led him to where he is today.After coming to India he became a disciple of Lord Krishna and is presently the campaign chairman of Mayapur Temple of Vedic Planetarium. Ford has many ongoing projects out of which one is establishing the largest Hindu temple in the world.Ford tried to explain to the students that happiness always did not mean material success. One should always pursue ones happiness through good work. Spiritual satisfaction is way greater than material satisfaction.No matter what you receive, you will have to leave behind everything after death, said Ford to the students who were left pondering at such philosophical thoughts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "11919231", "title": "Accolade for Chinmaya Vidyalaya principal", "text": "BOKARO: Principal of Chinmaya Vidyalaya Ashok Singh has been awarded with Bharat Vidya Shiromani Award by Indian Solidarity Council, New Delhi, for his exemplary performance in the field of education.Singh as an educationist has written books on mathematics for students of Class VIII to XII, which is popular in the schools across the country. A doctorate in mathematics, Singh before being appointed as the principal of Chinmaya Vidyalaya has served around 28 years as a mathematics teacher. His research papers have been published in various national and foreign journals.Singh's contribution in the field of education can be assessed with large number of students of Chinmaya Vidyalaya cracking IIT-JEE every year apart from making entry to other reputed institutions of the country. Singh has also been recently appointed as the city coordinator by CBSE for conducting examination in 51 schools of the district. The award function which was organized in New Delhi witnessed many distinguished guests, including ambassador of Tunisia Tarik Ajnek, former governor of Tamil Nadu Bhism Narayan Singh, former chief justice of Punjab O P Verma and others.Unfortunately, Singh had missed the function as he was not able to reach the venue. However, the council has sent him the award with certificate of excellence which was received by him on Thursday. Singh said he is happy with the award.\"This award doesn't goes to me alone but my school team and my wife have share in it, because they are behind his success,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11920977", "title": "How \u2018Chandrahasa\u2019 stood the test of time", "text": "MANGALORE: It was his penchant for Marathi plays that inspired Bolanthur Krishna Prabhu to pen Konkani play Chandrahasa which was first staged 100 years ago. Sri Venkataramana Swamy Temple School at Bantwal here was the first venue for Chandrahasa when it was staged on February 10, 1912.Years later, when students of SVS Institutions reenacted the play written by his father on Friday to mark the occasion, it brought back a flood of memories for Bolanthur Vasanth Madhava Prabhu. Recalling the days of Chandrahasa that catapulted his father to the eminent club of early Konkani playwrights and publishers, Vasanth told TOI, \"I never got an opportunity to watch that play.\"But, the vivid description of the play that Krishna Prabhu gave to his son more than made up for this lacunae. \"Even today, I can visualise the play in its entirety, how the songs were composed, the tunes that brought life to the songs and how it was written,\" he says.Stating that his father was aged around 30 when he wrote the play, Vasanth says the striking aspect of Chandrahasa was a song that speaks about old age. Humming the lines \"Chintheche Vistar Pattana Mantharpana\", he says, it was his father's observation about how the aged lead their lives that enabled him to compose the song and introduce it at a suitable context in the overall schematics of the play. What was the Konkani theatre scene before Chandrahasa came to the picture? \"Till then, Konkani play was limited to the \"talamaddale\" form where people engaged in conversation.\"But watching Marathi plays gave Krishna Prabhu the idea that the same conversation involving people donning grease paints and emoting it on a stage with props only goes on to add life to the effort, Vasanth says.With a little bit of his father's writing skills rubbing off on him, Vasanth has penned a few, most famous among them being Mink Bhattale Vardikke Pische. On the efforts of the students of SVS Institutions, Vasanth says the original drama was of around three-hour duration. \"Here they have reduced it to around an hour. Some of the original context is lost,\" he said, adding it is a noble effort nonetheless to stage it once again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11919449", "title": "Restrictions on traffic for counting day", "text": "NASHIK: Nashik police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal has issued orders restricting vehicular traffic around the congested Shalimar area on Friday to facilitate the counting of votes of prabhag 26 to 31 of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) at the Mahakavi Kalidas Kala Mandir. Accordingly, the flow of traffic has been banned from the Kit Kat Corner to Shalimar via Mahakavi Kalidas Kala Mandir and Shiv Sena Bhavan.The road from the Central Bus Station to the Kit Kat Corner via Kanherewadi and B D Bhalekar Maidan will be used for one-way traffic. In the reverse direction, traffic movement has been banned. Besides, the stretch from Kit Kat Corner to Shiv Sena Bhavan has been declared a 'no parking zone'.MNS activist bookedThe Panchavati police have taken Sakharam Dhotre into custody based on a complaint filed by Shiv Sena candidate from ward 6 (B) Sachin Prabhakar Pingale. Dhotre was allegedly found canvassing for MNS candidate Deepak Pingale on Wednesday (the campaigning deadline had expired on Tuesday evening) and was said to be offering people money for votes in Shanti Nagar.Criminal intimidation caseLalit Vijay Ohal, son of MNS candidate from prabhag 37 Suman Ohal, has been booked for criminal intimidation by the Upanagar police following a complaint filed by Ravi Manohar Pagare, husband of independent candidate Sushma Pagare. The complaint said the accused was trying to intimidate people at Matoshrinagar on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11918739", "title": "Many unhappy as no-vote forms not available at some booths", "text": "MUMBAI: It was a vote of consciousness for some Mumbaikars who trudged to polling booths on Thursday to register a non-vote. Cynical about the BMC's functioning and frustrated with their brush with corporators, they decided that no candidate was worthy of their votes, but were responsible enough not to leave the electoral roll open for misuse.Three members of the Parikh family from Dadar TT also decided to abstain. \"No candidate was worth voting for. I have had personal experiences where I have tried contacting the corporator, in vain. Lodging a protest vote is our way of showing the commissioner that we are unhappy with how the system functions,\" said Rajesh Parikh.Many were piqued when the booths they visited didn't have the requisite documents and weren't aware about processes. Event manager Moneeta Chainani of Andheri's ward 55 went to her booth to get her finger inked and returned without voting, after a commotion.Preeti Sharma Menon, a voter and civic activist, said many volunteers of Team Anna's India Against Corruption had gone to ward 18 in Kandivli to fill up the Right to Reject forms under Section 49-0. \"Officers said the forms were unavailable. They were arrogant and told them they could complain about it to the Election Commission.\" Election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan said it was the responsibility of booth officers to maintain a register.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11920803", "title": "BPSSN Bank will shift to new premises today", "text": "HUBLI: The Hubli branch of Bapuji Pattin Souharda Sahakari Niyamit (BPSSN) Bank will shift their office from Satellite Complex building to Samyukta Karnataka building on February 17, said Anil Gudur, president, BPSSN-Hubli.He said, \"We decided to shift for the benefit of our customers.\" A C Gopal, joint secretary, Lok Shikshan Trust, Hubli, will inaugurate the new office and MLC S R Patil, leader of opposition, will preside over the inuagural function.BPSSN Bank has 43 branches and the head office is located at Bagalkot. According to officials, the Hubli branch collects Rs 1lakh pigmy per day and has Rs 2crore fixed deposit.\"It does a business of 40crore,\" said Shantanu Dabir, member of Hubli branch consulted committee.\"We give 8% interest on fixed deposits up to 90 days, and the customers can get the best interests from their fixed deposits,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11919153", "title": "Experts on job to rectify RRI snags", "text": "PATNA: A high-level team of technical experts led by Mumbai-based Western Railway GM Mahesh Kumar arrived here on Thursday to supervise the route relay interlocking (RRI) work at Patna Junction.The RRI, work on which has been going on since February 7 at Patna Junction, developed snags on February 12 leading to abrupt cancellation, diversion and short termination of 50-odd pairs of passenger trains. Taking cognizance of it, the Railway Board sent Kumar's team, sources said and added a Railway Board adviser (signal and telecom) was also accompanying the team which was camping at Patna Junction since Thursday morning.East Central Railway (ECR) GM Varun Bharthuar, who also inspected the RRI sites, said the technical experts detected the faults and rectified major ones of them. Efforts are on to rectify all the faults, he said.Bharthuar is in touch with Railway Board chairman Vinay Mittal and other members of the board and has kept them updated on the progress of the work. He said it was going on in right direction with the help of the technical experts.According to ECR CPRO Neeraj Ambastha, faults on both the Up and Down lines at Patna Junction were removed and most of the trains originated from and terminated at Patna Jn, as per schedule, on Thursday. They included important trains like Sampoorna Kranti Express, Janshatabdi Express and Jansadharan Express. Ambastha said while the snags at Rajendra Nagar Terminal would be rectified by Saturday, normal movement of trains would be restored by Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11918284", "title": "ASI lines up laser scan, endoscopic photography to conserve Sun Temple", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Worried over the safety of the Sun Temple at Konark, the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) is planning to start 3D laser scanning and endoscopic photography of the world famous tourist destination to plan future conservation measures, official sources said on Thursday.\"We have an ambitious plan for Konark,\" director general of ASI Gautam Sengupta told media persons after a meeting with chief minister Naveen Patnaik here. Though Sengupta chose not to divulge details, official sources said Central Building Research Institute at Roorkee, Uttar Pradesh, will conduct the 3D laser scanning of the temple, a Unesco-declared world heritage site since 1984. Besides, Sengupta told Naveen endoscopic photography shall also be done to ascertain the condition of the monument's interiors, sources added.The ASI, an official release said, has adopted measures to ensure the 13th century edifice does not suffer from water-logging, something that had earlier forced Naveen to write to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , resulting in an expert team undertaking an on-the-spot study of the shrine in 2010.Sengupta also informed Naveen that IIT-Bhubaneswar has been given the responsibility to examine the feasibility of the strut (iron pipes) support put in place on the temple's southern side over a decade ago, when cracks on the cantilever were detected, official sources disclosed. ASI has been looking after the Sun Temple since 1939.The ASI move follows concerns being expressed in various quarters over the future of the Sun Temple, which has developed cracks at some places. Experts are yet to arrive at a consensus on whether to empty the temple's 130 feet high Jagamohan (front audience hall) of the sand, which was stuffed inside it to support the structure over a century ago.ASI is also supposed to depute a deputy superintendent for proper monitoring of conservation work at Konark and Jagannath temple in Puri, a release quoting Sengupta said. He assured that de-plastering of the Puri temple's Jagamohan and Singhadwar would be carried out carefully and on time.The chief minister asked Sengupta to give special attention to Jagannath as well as Sun Temple. He also suggested that massive plantation be taken up around Sisupalgarh, Dhauli and Chausathi Jogini Temple at Hirapur, near here, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11920695", "title": "Metro explores ways to make more moolah", "text": "BANGALORE: With commercial operations on the Reach 1 stretch settling down, Namma Metro is now looking at innovative ways to augment its revenue and address commuters' needs. As a first step, the Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation (BMRC) will commercially exploit spaces in Reach 1 stations by renting them out for marketing events.Given that the sprawling spaces at entrance and concourse levels of its Metro stations are a veritable goldmine, the BMRC will itself host an insurance event from March 5 to 19 at MG Road, Indiranagar and Byappanahalli stations. Insurance companies have been invited to hire spaces at these stations and market their policies and plans for commuters on the go.A senior BMRC official told TOI that eight companies will be selected on a first-come-firstserved basis for each of the three stations. A maximum space of 50 sqft can be rented out at the concourse or entrance levels of a station to each of the eight participants. But rent and other details are still being worked out.BMRC will hold the first preparatory meeting in this regard on Friday with some of the top government and private insurance companies, to give them a brief idea of what they intend to do and how much space will be available for each of them. A second round of meeting will be held on February 21 to clinch the issue.\"The agenda is to generate revenue and at the same time benefit our esteemed commuters. The 15-day event will give Metro commuters the range of insurance options available for them and help them choose the best,\" a source in BMRC said.SPACE FOR ADs SOONThe insurance event is just the beginning. BMRC is being approached by a number of media and advertising agencies to put up their ads on Metro piers and viaduct.\"We have planned to float tenders to sell space for advertising soon. Instead of letting people stick posters on the piers and causing visual pollution, it is better to organize things so that there will be a semblance of aesthetics and revenue generation as well,\" BMRC officials said.BMRC has already rented out a small corner for a kiosk selling national flags and knick-knacks at the MG Road station.ON-THE-GO MARKETINGHarish Bijoor, brand consultant and CEO of Harish Bijoor Consults, believes that Namma Metro is truly going international, given its latest plans to exploit its marketing potential to the hilt.\"Metro is a natural passenger traffic generating outlet like malls, where you can market one thing with the other. This kind of marketing can be called on-the-go marketing or event marketing, where you can have stalls, skits, awareness programmes and video walls, which talk about brands. By taking such steps, Namma Metro can try to emulate London's Victoria station,\" he said.Bijoor said Metro stations are a great place for generating leads for business developers from all brands and services. \"You can create databases from the leads that you can collect from Metro locations, catch people who can be potential buyers and leads which are cold can be later warmed up to generate business. Metro can also be a great awareness creation centre point,\" he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11919758", "title": "'Muslim community should not be used as a political tool'", "text": "PANAJI: A group of Muslims from Panaji and St Cruz has objected to the Muslim community being used as a political tool.\"We are never against any political party, but we are against the use of Muslims or the community name for the gain of a political party\" said Mukhtar Shaikh, from Panaji.\"The Muslim community is not the proprietary community of any party,\" he added. Shaikh said \"last election we had wholeheartedly worked for Manohar Parrikar. But after the election, we felt unwanted.\"Slamming the statement of the Goa Muslim Forum who had made a statement that Muslims would vote against the Congress for giving a ticket to M K Shaikh instead of Saifulla Khan, Mukhtar said \"M K Shaikh is as much a Muslim as Saifulla.\"\"Nobody has stopped Saifulla or anybody else from contesting the elections,\" he added.Shaikh said only the Mullahs or Maulanas could make statements on behalf of the community and no forum or individual Muslims had a right to do so. \"The so called leaders, the so called aspirants put their views forward only during election time,\" he added.Assembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11919967", "title": "Scattered rainfall leads to slight dip in temperature", "text": "KANPUR: Contrary to predictions, the city witnessed scattered showers during the wee hours on Thursday. However, the sun gave respite to the people, who were anticipated of one more round of cold wave.There was no major change in the mercury level. The sun played hide and seek with the clouds in the afternoon. The sky later became clear.Last year also, the city received heavy downpour on February 16.There was a slight dip in the maximum temperature on Thursday. It stood at 22 degrees Celsius, one degree below normal. The minimum temperature was 11.3 degrees Celsius, four degrees above normal.The weatherman cited north westerly winds and temperature variation as the reasons for rainfall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11918532", "title": "Three injured in hit-and-run near AIIMS", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three women sustained injuries after being hit by a car outside AIIMS on Wednesday night. The driver of the vehicle fled after the incident. The women, who are in their early twenties, were walking on the pavement when the car hit them.\"We were informed about the accident at around 11pm. A case of rash driving has been registered and we are trying to ascertain the identity of the driver,\" said a senior police officer. The women have been admitted to hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11919247", "title": "Team to probe charges against Samastipur DM", "text": "PATNA: The state education department will send a high-level team to Samastipur to inquire into the alleged misbehaviour of district magistrate (DM), Samastipur, Kundan Kumar with education department officials involved in implementation of different schemes in the district.The probe team would meet the DM and the education department officials concerned to take stock of the situation arising out of DM's alleged orders for registration of FIRs against some block education officers on charge of irregularities in the implementation of different schemes.A delegation of around 22 education officials, including district programme officers and block education officers (BEOs), on Thursday met principal secretary, education, Anjani Kumar Singh and submitted a memorandum to him alleging that the DM has been abusing and misbehaved with many of them during district monitoring meetings. They added that due to misbehaviour of the DM, they were forced to go on mass leave on Thursday to reach Patna en bloc to register their protest and seek justice. In the memorandum to the principal secretary, they sought their transfer from Samastipur district. The education department officials were irked at the DM for registering FIRs against some block education officials on the basis of complaints received by him against them. Singh confirmed a high-level team is being sent to Samastipur district to inquire into the matter.Kumar told TOI that the education department officials had gone on mass casual leave on Thursday to hide their inaction in implementation of some education schemes which he was monitoring and reviewing. He said that at the Janata Durbar he had issued written order to the SDO, Rosera, to lodge an FIR against an NGO running Kasturba Gandhi Girls' School where the students of scheduled castes and scheduled tribes were not being given proper food as per complaints reaching him. He said that he had added in the order that the SDO should also investigate any criminal conspiracy of the education officials concerned and take action accordingly. The DM said that being the chairman of District Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, he found that out of 381 teachers appointed under this scheme, at least 210 had produced fake certificates regarding their qualification.Before meeting the principal secretary, some senior officials, education department, of Samastipur district alleged that they were asked by the DM to lodge an FIR against some block education officers for alleged irregularities. They claimed that they had informed the DM that for registration of FIRs against the government officials, permission of the education department was essential as the latter is the appointing authority. Thereafter, the DM issued directive on phone to the SDOs of Rosera and Shahpur Patori to lodge FIRs against the block education officers concerned, they alleged.In their memorandum to the principal secretary, the education officials alleged that the DM appeared unhappy with the education department move delegating to the district education officers (DEOs) the power to take all the decisions for implementation of education schemes, including Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11918822", "title": "Group clashes lead to tension in Pimpri areas", "text": "PUNE: Tension prevailed in Pimpri after rival groups clashed against each other in two separate incidents on Thursday afternoon.In the first incident, which took place near the main bazaar and Bhatnagar areas, two groups indulged in stone pelting over some previous enmity. Nobody was injured in the incident, but some vehicles, including an autorickshaw, were damaged.Deputy commissioner of police (zone III), Dnyaneshwar Chavan, who was present at the spot, said, \"The situation was immediately brought under control and five to six people were detained.\"\"Security has been beefed up in the area. Teams of the State Reserve Police Force will be deployed during the night, while extra bandobast will be maintained for the next two to three days to prevent any untoward incident,\" Chavan said.The clashes began around 3.45 pm after one of the groups damaged at least six two-wheelers from morning to afternoon. As the police were trying to pacify the groups, suddenly supporters of the other group started pelting stones. Heavy stones, including paver blocks, empty bottles and sticks, were flung by the miscreants who had gathered at the chowk on the link road near Bhatnagar.The police, who were armed with protective gear, immediately swung into action and dispersed the miscreants. In the meantime, vehicles, mostly cars, which were parked at the busy chowk were removed. Although the main bazaar area is usually crowded, most of the shops were closed on account of polling day. Movement of vehicles in the area was affected for about 15 to 20 minutes.In the other incident, which took place in Kalewadi area, supporters of two political parties clashed against each other over the issue of bogus voting. Except for these incidents, polling was peaceful in Pimpri and Chinchwad.Minor clashes between supporters also took place in Kasarwadi and Akurdi areas. The incidents took place following some arguments. Additional municipal commissioner Prakash Kadam said that the clashes took place outside the polling booths and had no impact on the polling process.Voting in sensitive areas of Pimpri Camp and Pimprigaon, too, was peaceful as the police had deployed additional forces in view of the clashes between supporters of two political leaders earlier this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11918389", "title": "Kashmir film screened at DU amid protests", "text": "NEW DELHI: Symbiosis University in Pune may have given in to right-wing protestors last week but Delhi University literally snubbed them on Thursday by successfully screening Jashn-e-Azadi, a controversial documentary on Kashmir. The department of sociology at Delhi School of Economics organized the screening amid protests. The efforts of Bhagat Singh Kranti Sena and ABVP to disrupt the film screening were thwarted by cops and DU's security officials.\"We didn't face any problem. The screening was followed by a discussion. We regularly screen such films as part of our academic programme. We had got protection from the proctor's office,\" said Nandini Sundar, head, department of sociology. However, the organizers, All India Students' Union, claimed that the DU administration and the police had initially put pressure on them to cancel the screening.Delhi Police had warned AISA about the threats from ABVP and Bhagat Singh Kranti Sena. But the sociology department \"stood firm in its defence of academic freedom.\" Harshvardhan Tripathi, secretary, AISA, said, \"Predictably this screening had to be held in the teeth of opposition from right-wing fascist forces like ABVP and the Bhagat Singh Kranti Sena, who tried their level best to stall the event. Moreover, the DU administration and the Delhi Police also sided with them.\"DU's proctor office, however, confirmed that there was no written permission given to the department to go ahead with the screening. \"We told the department that it should not screen anything untoward. The department assured us that there was nothing of that sort and it was purely an academic activity. But anticipating trouble, we deployed security officials at the venue,\" said DU proctor I Usha Rao.In its defense, Delhi Police said it played a neutral role in the episode. \"Since it was a private screening, there was no need for students to seek permission from us. The film was shown inside the classroom. We had, however, decided to station our officers at the spot after getting intelligence inputs that certain groups might protest in the area.Though some protested outside the venue, we did not need to arrest or detain anyone,\" said DCP (north), I B Rani.A release by AISA also quoted the film's director Sanjay Kak as saying, \"By defending its right to screen the film, Delhi School of Economics has stood up for the best traditions of academic independence. And by coming in large numbers despite the intimidation, students have lived up to that trust.\" The film screening was followed by a discussion involving Kak, who pointed out that the disruption of his movie can only serve the purpose of sweeping the reality in Kashmir under the carpet.ABVP, however, alleged that Kak's film was anti-national and depicted the army in a bad light. \"This is a deliberate attempt to depict only one side of the story in Kashmir. The film has not even got a clearance from the Censor Board,\" said Rohit Chahal, state secretary, ABVP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "auraiya", "code": "11920004", "title": "No Anna factor in polls: Dixit", "text": "AURAIYA: Delhi chief minister Shiela Dikshit ruled out that Anna or Ramdev factor will play any role in the Assembly elections.\"There is no Anna or Ramdev wave in Assembly elections in Uttar Pradesh,\" Dikshit while addressing an election rally in Bidhoona in Auraiya on Thursday.Dikshit addressed election rallies at Sahayal and Erwakatra in support of Congress candidate.Recalling her old days, she said: \"You people had sent me to Parliament about 22 years ago and now the same I would expect for Congress candidate as the region has been completely deprived of development.\"Slamming the Bahujan Samaj Party for what she described as its unfulfilled promises, Dikshit said that the Congress has drawn up plans to provide 20 lakh jobs to unemployed and convert UP into a developed state. She urged the crowd to cast votes in favour of Congress candidate.Addressing an election rally at Gandhi Inter College, Dikshit said that Bharatiya Janata Party has cheated people in the name of Lord Rama. \"Where has the money gone, which BJP has collected for constructing Ram temple. I want to ask you all what happened to those tall promises. How many of those promises were fulfilled?\" she said.Dikshit said that the Congress is the only national party in the country that has on its agenda the overall development of the state. \"We have given several crores to BSP government for development of UP but Mayawati has wasted it on statues,\" she said.Dikshit said the Congress will introduce beneficiary schemes to generate employment opportunities. Adequate foodgrains will be provided to ensure the people's right to food security, an Act which is going to be passed in the days to come.\"Samajwadi Party is ruled by 'goondas', and maximum number of rape and murder cases were reported during Mulayam's rule. Even, I was sent to jail, when I tried to raise my voice against atrocities,\" she said, hitting out at Mulayam Singh Yadav. \"Oust the BSP government if you want to see development in UP,\" Dikshit said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11919022", "title": "HC raps govt over mining along railway track", "text": "JODHPUR: The Rajasthan High Court, while hearing a petition filed by the railway over the mining taking place within 45 meters along the Jaipur-Jodhpur railway track, has severely criticized the state government on Thursday and asked whether an absolute 'jungle raj' is prevailing in the state. The mining is taking place in complete violation of the rules and regulations, thereby endangering the life of human beings, the court observed.The court also sought an instant reply from the chief secretary on the stand of the government on these mining leases along the track. In his reply, the chief secretary told the court that these leases would be cancelled and in future ensure that no such violation takes place.The court was hearing the petition for the third consecutive day on Thursday regarding mining activities along the Jaipur-Jodhpur track in Makrana. A division bench comprising Chief Justice Arun Kumar Mishra and Justice Kailash Chandra Joshi put a straight question to the mining department and the state government asking them how these leases were allowed despite court's prohibition and not only that, these leases were renewed invariably.The court observed that both the government and mining department are putting the national assets and human lives at stake despite it being a welfare state. \"First, the mining department is responsible for these violations and the government is party to it,\" the bench said.The court also expressed surprise that despite constant reminders of the railway to the government between 1987 and 1992 regarding the damage to the tracks due to repeated blasting, the then chief minister wrote to shift the railway track instead of putting a check on the mining activity. \"Now do they want this track to be removed and wait for 20-30 years more until new track is laid,\" the court enquired while observing that government is committing illegality.Furious at the state of affairs, the court had gone to the extent saying that, \"if you are not stopped, you will dig up even the high court.\" Superintending engineer, mining, M P Meena and mining engineer (Makrana) Sunil Sharma were present in the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11920627", "title": "Small industries urge fair treatment in Budget", "text": "KOCHI: Small scale industries should be treated in the same manner as traditional sectors like handloom, handicrafts and coir and equal amounts should be allocated to the small scale sectors as with the traditional sector in the upcoming state Budget, according to a statement from the Kerala State Small Industries Association (KSSIA).In a pre-Budget proposal submitted in Thiruvananthapuram on Tuesday to state finance minister K M Mani, KSSIA proposed enhancement of the ceiling of fixed capital investment subsidy from Rs 10 lakh currently to Rs 25 lakh. The ceiling on margin money loan was proposed to be enhanced to Rs 5 lakh from Rs 2.5 lakh now.KSSIA has called for the allocation of more funds by the government to set up new industrial estates and parks in all panchayats in the coming state Budget. It also called for a comprehensive sick unit revival package and the monitoring of the revival by the concerned agencies on a regular basis. KSIDC should focus on setting up more industrial parks for MSMEs, KSSIA said.Units setting up factories in industrial estates should be exempt from paying stamp duty and registration fee, KSSIA said.Units in Modern Industrial Estate in Cheruvanur, Nallalam panchayat and KINFRA Park in Kannur should be exempt from stamp duty and registration fees, it said.KSSIA also called for strengthening of the single window clearance boards at the district and state levels and e-filing for all applications to be introduced. Another proposal was to make the validity of all licenses to be obtained by a small scale industry to five years and enablement of e-renewal of all licenses. Electrical connections should be provided to all small scale industries in a timebound manner, KSSIA suggested, appealing to the finance minister to continue with the Minimum Guarantee Scheme for small industries in the upcoming Budget.\"Till 2005, SSI units were given preference of 15% while supplying to government departments and PSUs. The previous government restored this partially by giving 10% price preference (to SSI units). This expires in March 31, 2012. The central government has made it mandatory for all its departments and central PSUs to source 20% of their requirements from SMEs,\" KSSIA pointed out, noting that most states, especially in south India, have been according price preference to SSIs.KSSIA said that though the department has been trying to simplify the process of compliance, it still has a long way to go compared to the ease with which dealers in neighbouring states are able to do so. For example, harassment at check posts while bring goods in and out of the state continues and the dealer is often forced to pay security deposits for minor defects in the accompanying documents. Having paid the deposit after being put to great hardship, the dealer finds that getting a refund is next to impossible, KSSIA said.It added that VAT classifications continue to defy logic. The SSIs do not have representation in the recently constituted state-level VAT Grievances Committee, KSSIA noted, calling for the sector to be provided with representation.Among other proposals, KSSIA has urged for the allocation of Rs 1 crore to the social security fund for micro and small industries as the previous government had done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11923322", "title": "Election results: Mumbai heading towards hung House; MNS leads in 25 seats", "text": "MUMBAI: The country's richest civic body, Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation, appeared headed towards a hung House, going by early trends and results.Counting for 10 municipal corporation polls held yesterday and elections to 27 zilla parishads and 309 Panchayat Samitis held on February 7 began this morning.In Mumbai, the ruling Shiv Sena-BJP combine was ahead in 75 seats, while the Congress-NCP combine was ahead in 50 seats.Raj Thackeray-led MNS was leading in about 25 seats. The Sena has bagged 8 seats, BJP 3, Congress 3, NCP 1 and MNS 1 as per the results declared so far.In Thane, the Sena-BJP combine was leading in 45 seats while the Congress-NCP front was leading in 36 seats.In Pimpri-Chinchwad, NCP was leading in 30 seats. Altogether 2,232 candidates were in the fray for 227 electoral wards in Mumbai.Elections were also held yesterday for Thane, Pune, Ulhasnagar, Pimpri-Chinchwad, Solapur, Nashik, Akola, Amravati and Nagpur municipal corporations. The Shiv Sena-BJP combine rules Mumbai, besides the neighbouring Thane (total seats 130), Ulhasnagar (78), Nashik (122) and Nagpur (145).Congress controls Amravati (87), the Congress-NCP combine rules in Pune (152) and Solapur (102). NCP alone holds Pimpri-Chinchwad civic body (126) while Congress alone rules in Amravati (87).Akola municipal corporation has 73 seats and was under Congress-NCP rule but was dissolved by state government last year over financial irregularities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11920372", "title": "Govt sanctions Rs 25 lakh to develop Arippara falls", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The development plans of Arippara waterfalls in Thiruvampady panchayat have got a boost with the government sanctioning Rs 25 lakh for the second phase of its development.The district tourism promotion council (DTPC) will utilize the fund to develop basic amenities such as facilitation centre, drinking water facilities, parking space, walkways and toilets. Plans are on to develop an approach road to the spot.The council is engaged in developing basic facilities at Arippara as part of its plans to connect the important tourist destinations in the district, including Tusharagiri, Kakkayam and Peruvannamuzhi.However, the authorities are yet to decide on the date for starting the developmental works as the government has not notified it.\"We are expecting good flow of tourist to the district with the completion of the developmental works,\" said C K Ponnappan, regional director, Kerala tourism. who is also in charge of the district tourism promotion council.He added that tourist spots in the district presently lack connectivity and once the works get over, they will be connected with each other. The DTPC has recently submitted a proposal to the government for the development of additional facilities in Tusharagiri, another tourist destination in the district. The proposal includes developing accommodation and parking facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11924876", "title": "Obama admin questioned over denial of H-1B, L-1 visas", "text": "WASHINGTON: Voicing concern over increasing rates of denial of H-1B and L-1 work visas, that are popular among Indian professionals, top US lawmakers and corporate bigwigs have questioned the Obama administration over the issue, warning this would hurt American business interests.Officials at a Congressional hearing cited last year's figure of 26 per cent denial to H-1B visa applicants, that was the highest in recent years, and also pointed out instances where the visas were denied for flimsy reasons.Elton Gallegly, chair of the Immigration Policy and Enforcement Subcommittee of the House Judiciary Committee, said figures obtained from US Citizenship and Immigration Services show a rise in denial in certain categories of visas between the years of 2008 and 2010.Gallegly said many in the business community are concerned that their petitions for foreign workers are being denied and they are being required to answer excessive requests for additional evidence, known as RFEs.\"But why did denial and free rates go up? And it very well could be because of the statutory changes that were implemented and major decisions that were issued,\" he said.Ranking member, Zoe Lofgren said latest figures show there has been a sizable increase in denial rates for key businesses visas and in some categories, the denial on RFE rates has increased by 300 to 500 per cent during the Obama administration.The Congresswomen said that in many cases the denial was not justified.\"I had a recent case in which the USCIS denied an employment-based petition because the adjudicator determined that the company only had $15,000 in annual revenues and, therefore, couldn't possibly pay the worker.\"It turned out, however, that the adjudicator had failed to note that the figures were listed in thousands. It was actually $15 million in revenue,\" she said.Lofgren also cited instances when an applicant was denied visa due to a bureaucratic mistake.\"If you take a look at the H-1B denial rates... in the year 2004, the denial rate was 11 per cent on H-1Bs. In the year 2011 it's 17. When you take a look at the request for evidence rates, in 2004 it was 4 per cent. In 2011, it was 26 per cent. I mean, that's a big jump,\" she said.\"In the L-1B request for evidence rates it was two per cent in 2004; 63 per cent in 2011. So you're really ramping up the evidentiary standards in the inquiry. Certainly we don't want fraud, but there is a price to pay as well if it's a legitimate effort and it's delayed unduly,\" the Congresswoman said.While H-1B visa is to allow American employers to temporarily employ high skilled foreign workers, L-1 visa is another non-immigrant visa, that allows foreign employees of a US firm to relocate to its US headquarters temporarily after having worked abroad for the company.Responding to questions, USCIS Director Alejandro Mayorkas said the agency is approving the case that should be approved, and denying the cases that should be denied.\"We are providing the adjudicators with the tools to do that,\" he argued.In a written submission before the Congressional Committee, the American Immigration Lawyer Association (AILA) said there has been high denial rate in certain categories of visas.In case of L-1B petitions, the denial rate jumped from seven per cent in 2007 to 27 per cent in 2011.Furthermore, there has been a huge increase in \"Requests for Evidence\" (RFEs) used by adjudicators to obtain more information in lieu of making a decision on a petition based on the evidence presented.RFEs in the L-1B category jumped from 17 per cent in 2007 to 63 per cent in 2011, it said.\"These changes in approval rates have taken place without any change in the applicable statutes, regulations, or policy guidance,\" the letter said.Observing that standards that adjudicators apply to these petitions are not clear to those submitting petitions, and are often not traceable to any current provision of statute or regulation, the AILA said that unpredictability is extremely detrimental to businesses, especially new businesses that are investing significant time and resources in the kinds of start-up operations that create jobs for Americans.\"If a business submits the documentation set out in the regulations, an RFE is likely to ensue asking for additional documentation not contemplated by the regulations, any other guidance or currently-valid precedent.\"And, because the additional evidence requested is beyond that required by regulations and controlling policy, petitions for individuals whose activities ultimately create additional jobs are being unlawfully denied in increasing numbers,\" it said.In its written testimony before the committee, the US Chamber of Commerce companies have observed erosion over the last several years in the consistency and fairness of L-1B decision-making, a trend that companies started noting pre-dating the tenure of the current USCIS Director.\"Companies now believe that the definition of qualifying specialised knowledge has been severely and inappropriately narrowed, in ways not contemplated by the controlling statute or regulations,\" USCIS said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11924755", "title": "Allow room for mistakes", "text": "A mind once stretched by a new idea never regains its original dimensions, someone rightly said. And Howard Gardner has been treading new dimensions and new ideas since 1983. Most known for his theory of multiple intelligences (MI) he postulates that every individual processes information differently. A certain child might incapable with numbers. To me this only means he either needs a new approach or mostly likely his mind is looking at numbers as wholly new concept unfathomable to individuals with regular intelligence. And thats why I consider Intelligence Quotient tests as a false measure to determine someones intelligence. One shouldnt confuse intelligence with domain, discipline, arts and craft, says Gardner.At IIM, Bangalore, Gardner delivered a lecture on Creativity Genius and Good Work. He believes that people can be termed in any sphere from physics to finance. Creativity lives in every field and just because people come from computer programming or political strategy sector doesnt mean they are any less creative, says Gardner. What makes a person creative then? Creative people make more bad things but they are full of novelty and have more questions. An important characteristic of creative people is that they are creative in more than one area. Freud was good in language and personality and Einstein had both logical and spatial ability, says Gardner.Some famous creative people who fall under Gardners Big C category display similar traits. I love to get into the minds of people who I dont understand. After studying some famous creative personalities I discovered that they all come from bourgeoisie houses, they have support of the family, they were all born in small cities and then gravitated to bigger cities, they are childlike alongside having sobriety during childhood. These people also have large capacities for solitude because they find their minds more interesting, they have a chilling nakedness to honesty and a long term view beyond their own mortality. They are more like laser than searchlights. These people are also bad at relationships because they have a brilliant light shining within which tend to burn down humans relationships, says Gardner.Another interesting aspect of creative people is in their ability to learn from mistakes. They know how to frame the context of their failure. What can I learn from this mistake is a question that never goes unanswered. They regard every failure as an opportunity. Before they go through a process of and know how to leverage their strengths and weakness, Gardner says.What is the biggest threat to creativity in this age of information? According to Gardner, the threat to solitude is a challenge to creativity as youngsters are always connected. This leaves no room for reflection which is an important pejorative to making it to the Big C. At this rate most of us can hope to reach only Middle C.What makes is worse is the Education system flexing the discipline muscle. You cant have creative individuals if you cannot have room for mistakes. A disciplined education is fine as long as a student is allowed to try new things. And thats why teachers should avoid the right answer syndrome. They should pause on irregularities and uncommon answers. Most importantly dont confuse academics with all competences, he says.High demands in schools also lead to plagiarism. When we get cases of plagiarism in our college they typically come from East-Asia. The reason is maybe the educational institute in their countries allow students to produce someone elses work and thus panic when they are asked to produce something new. But the good news is all this is changing right before our eyes as India, China, Taiwan are producing more innovations.Schools like Sujaya in Bangalore and iDiscoveri Education are adopting Gardners MI Theory in imparting education to students. How are these schools considering inculcating this into their curriculum? I was of the belief that my job is to come up with ideas and what other people do with it is their lookout. But this attitude is changing and Ive become responsible with the MI Theory. A child should not be educated so he can be job-ready. Institutes should map their multiple intelligences to help them live better, because every child is born with multiple intelligences. After all creative thinking and understanding are inseparable, concludes Gardner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11920121", "title": "Cops reach out to tribal women", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The police in Malabar have stepped up their efforts to register cases against men who leave tribal women in lurch after exploiting them. The aim is to weed out sexual exploitation of women and reduce the danger posed by disgruntled children of unwed mothers.The move comes in the wake of reports that Maoists are trying to capitalize on the anger and frustration of tribal population who think that the government is neglecting them.On Thursday, the cops registered 20 first information reports (FIRs) at the help desk organized by the anti-human trafficking cell of the police, NGO Mahila Samakhya, the state women's commission and the tribal welfare department at Kanhangad in Kasargod.According to S Sreejith, DIG (Kannur range) and nodal officer of anti-human trafficking cell, under the process which began in April 2011, 172 FIRs have been filed in different parts of the state and 65 persons have been so far arrested.The accused have been charged with rape and if the person is not from the tribal community, the provisions of the SC/ST Atrocities Act will also be slapped, the DIG said.Since tribal women are unaware of the law and most of them are reluctant to complain, most of the perpetrators go scot-free. \"We sent councillors to tribal colonies. They stay with tribals for days to sensitize them about their rights. When there is sufficient number of cases we bring them together to a place to register the FIRs,\" Sreejith said.Initially the elders of tribal communities opposed the move as they believed that the government was trying to intervene in their customs and traditions.\"Moreover, those who exploit tribal women are influential enough to instigate the tribals against the government. In majority of the cases, the exploiters are from outside the community,\" said the police officer.Meanwhile, the government aid to help unwed mothers and their children often remains unutilized as the tribals are unaware of the projects. The government provides a monthly pension of Rs 1,000 and a house worth Rs 2 lakh.Reports about Maoists making inroads into the tribal populace have also raised hackles of cops. Sources say the police recently recovered a sophisticated rifle from a tribal youth in Attappadi, who is a child of an unwed mother. Security agencies believe that things may go out of control if the Maoists infiltration among the tribals is allowed to grow unchecked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11919921", "title": "Parked car catches fire in Mapusa", "text": "MAPUSA: A parked car caught fire on Thursday morning in Mapusa.The Maruti Zen belonging to Canca resident Satish Arsekar was parked at Plaza building near the court junction in Mapusa. The owner was not in the vehicle.At around 11.50am, the wiring of the car suddenly caught fire because of a suspected short-circuit. The fire was put off by the owner with the help of locals before the fire brigade reached. The wiring and car battery of the car were damaged in the incident and the fire department has estimated the loss to be around 20,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11923854", "title": "Director hits out at cricket league!", "text": "Seenuramasamy is miffed that the recent celebrity cricket tournament has put his hero, Vishnu, out of actionThe Chennai team might have won the celebrity cricket cup, but it looks like not everyone in Kollywood is happy. And the foremost among them is director Seenuramasamy, whose film's shooting has been affected by the tournament.The director, who has cast actor Vishnu, a key player in the Chennai team, as the lead in his film Neer Paravai, produced by Udhayanidhi Stalin, will now have to wait for more than a month before resuming shooting, thanks to an injury suffered by the actor while batting in the final match. The actor had revealed on his micro-blogging page that he had a major fracture. \"Don't know whether to feel sad about getting hit or happy about winning. But we won and that's more important,\" he tweeted and added that he will have to undergo surgery and require six weeks to recuperate.Says an irate Seenu, \"Already, I have lost valuable days of shooting due to the wage issue between FEFSI and the producers. And when the government stepped in to resolve the issue, I decided to resume shoot tentatively by February 20. But now, my film's hero has gotten himself injured after playing in the league and will not be available for the next six weeks.\"He adds that that cricket is a sport where injuries happen frequently, even for professional players. \"Cricketer Raman Lamba died after suffering an injury during net practice. When that is the case, our stars, who are not professionals, are playing with an actual cricket ball with very little protection.\"The director feels that the tournament, which is supposed to bring together people from various film industries, is actually only festering ill will. \"The opposite team players are now being considered as rivals,\" he warns. Now, the National Awardwinner wants the various film bodies in the industry to monitor the tournament. \"They should come up with safeguards so that film production, which is the prime responsibility of these stars, does not get affected,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11918691", "title": "Boost industries, cut imports: Ex-envoy", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Highlighting untapped opportunities for country's economic growth, former Indian ambassador to China and UK, Nalin Surie called for reformation of policies of the country. Surie was delivering a lecture on the topic \"India-China Relations: Compete or Engage?\" at the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) on Thursday.\"It is time that India should rethink on its national policies. India is exporting lots of raw materials to countries including China and importing back the finished products. Why cant we create facilities to convert these raw materials into finished products ourselves,\" said Surie. \"For example if we are growing cotton, why are we just exporting cotton and then importing yarn and clothes later on? We must work towards exporting yarns and clothes instead of exporting the raw cotton,\" he said while speaking to the IIM-A community.Even as he talked about various differences in the economic strategies and policies between India and China, Surie said that there are various areas in which the two countries could learn from each other. While the Chinese are increasingly focusing upon sustainability and domestic reliance with a strong focus on domestic demand, India is focusing on increasing exports to the international markets. Despite such differences in policies, there are various similarities that the two countries share. . \"The issues of inadequate housing, rural-urban divide, and inadequate health facilities that plague India are also common to China,\" said Surie.He said that despite the inevitable competition between the two countries, sharing of such socio-economic understandings between the two countries will be beneficial for both.Alerting the audience about the fast growth in sectors like Information Technology (IT) in China, Surie said that they are strong in IT in their language at the moment. But they are growing so fast that would soon not only be dominating the English speaking countries but countries like Japan and Korea as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new dehi", "code": "11919258", "title": "Israel embassy car attack: Weak surveillance tools hampering probe", "text": "NEW DEHI: A host of infrastructure inadequacies has significantly hampered investigations into Monday's terror attack on the wife of an Israeli diplomat in the national Capital.Sources admitted that from lack of CCTV footages to absence of centralized database of Indian visas issues across the world are the stumbling blocks for investigators looking for perpetrators of the magnetic bomb attack.A senior official said the absence of an official CCTV network - only a few hundred meters away from the PM's residence - is the biggest hurdle to any breakthrough.On the contrary, Thai authorities had clear CCTV footages of the bombers who were planning to target Israelis, and that helped them crack Tuesday's Bangkok blasts in no time.\"Whatever little we had was from some private CCTVs, but even that has been of not much use,\" he said. He insisted on an official CCTV network, covering the entire national Capital. But, whether there is any such plan in the offing is unclear.Agencies have met with little success in stepping up urban surveillance without invading privacy. To make matters worse, the quality of CCTV pictures have often been found below par, he said. Mumbai Video Surveillance System is the only largescale CCTV network project in the country, but even this is a few years away from implementation.Another official complained that efforts to scan Indian visas issued around the world have hit a wall. \"There is no integrated database for visas issued,\" he said.Hamstrung by these constraints, investigators are going through the database of those who have entered and exited India through various ports. Iranian and Syrian nationals, who have visited India recently, are particularly under the scanner.A third official said that the inadequacies are symptomatic of the larger shortcoming in urban policing in India. \"Many of the police forces have been trying to have modern tetra networks for communications. The implementation by some has been pathetic,\" he pointed out.In Delhi, a tetra network was implemented before the 2010 Commonwealth Games. The entire contract was executed without much thought, the Comptroller and Auditor General said in its audit. In Hyderabad, even a year after the contract was awarded to a company, the systems were not in place.With no national standardization, police forces are resorting to their own random acquisitions for making cities safer. But the lessons from almost two decades of urban terrorism do not seem to have helped the security establishment draw up robust urban policing plan. Consequently, agencies are still groping in the dark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11921306", "title": "MNS exudes confidence", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra Nav Nirman Sena has fielded just 63 candidates in NMC elections but party's divisional coordinator Hemant Gadkari is confident it would improve its tally. In 2007, the party had two corporators, \"but this time at least 10 of our candidates will win,\" he said.Justifying his claim, Gadkari said that voters in state's second capital were disappointed with both ruling BJP-SS alliance government and opposition Congress. So the turnout of voters was dismal, he said. This will help candidates from other parties win, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11920486", "title": "Principal caught taking bribe", "text": "SHIMLA: State vigilance and anti-corruption bureau on Thursday arrested the principal of Kendriya Vidyalaya (ITBP) Bonda in Sarahan area of Shimla district, Sudha Gupta, while accepting bribe of Rs 8,820. She took the money from a teacher in lieu of considering extension of her contract, said DIG Himanshu Mishra. A case has been registered under the prevention of corruption Act at vigilance police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "11919842", "title": "75-year-old thrashed to death", "text": "HOWRAH: A minor dispute over the use of a common passage between two houses at Bankra Notunpara led to the death of a 75-year-old man on Thursday. The victim's son has lodged a complaint at the Domjur police station and a murder case has been initiated against a neighbour and his sons, who are absconding.The SK Khwaja Ahmed and Mohsin Akhan share a nearly four-foot wide common passage between their homes. The Akhan family would take in trolley vans through the passage and the Ahmeds claimed the vehicles left scratch marks on the walls of their house. It was also alleged the Akhans would misbehave with them whenever they complained.Around noon on Thursday, a trolley van carrying cement at Akhans tried to enter the passage. Members of the other family prevented it, which led to an altercation. It has been alleged that Akhan's sons beat up Sk Saiful Ahmed. It was then that Sk Khwaja Ahmed entered the scene. He died on the spot after he was allegedly thrashed by Akhan's family members. There was tension in the area as locals protested the assault. he police reached the spot and brought the situation under control. The body has been sent for post mortem and efforts are on to trace members of the Akhan family, an officer said.\"We have charged them with murder and will soon track them down,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11918548", "title": "Impact fee law to be enforced by Feb 20", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government will implement the impact fee law by February 20, the state government told Gujarat high court on Thursday.During a proceeding on public interest litigation (PIL) that resulted in sealing drive by the civic body on CG Road and at other places, advocate general made a statement that the government is to come out with a notification for implementation of newly passed Gujarat Regularization of Unauthorized Development ( GRUD) Act, 2011.With implementation of the new law, the government aims at regularizing 15 lakh illegal structures across the state. The crucial question before the government is about those buildings put up on non agricultural (NA) plots.Amid much din over sealing drive upon HC orders, the state government moves Impact Fee Bill and the assembly passed it.A similar law was enacted in 2001 when similar issue of regularization had come up and businessmen from CG Road were in the centre of controversy then as well. tnnWith implementation of the impact fee law, the state government is bringing in the law for the second time. This speaks volume about the administrative lapses in implementation of laws, advocate Amit Panchal, who filed the PIL in 2008 for non-compliance of HC orders, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11918626", "title": "Class X Sanskrit exam on Feb 21", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) has decided to conduct the examination for Sanskit, an optional paper for class X on February 21.The board examinations of class X and XII are starting March 5. This year, the GSHSEB will set the question paper for all schools in the state, a deviation from last year when respective schools had decided on the questions.Sources said that the decision to set a uniform question paper for Sanskrit was taken in the wake of several complaints that many schools are showing lackadaisical approach in teaching and conducting exams for this particular subject.While half of the questions in this three-hour paper will be subjective, the remaining half will be objective in nature.The schools will have to evaluate the papers and send the marks to the board. GSHSEB's helpline to guide class X and XII students to deal with their exam blues will be operational from February 22 to March 23. Teachers and psychologists will answer all exam-related queries of students and parents on the toll free number 18002335500. Last year, nearly 32,000 students had taken vital tips from the helpline.Last year, GSHSEB had decided to conduct the exams of five main subjects for class X, while allowing the schools to set papers for optional subjects.Among all the optional subjects, Sanskrit is the favourite among students. Nearly 2.5 lakh students opt for this language subject, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11919653", "title": "Thief murdered over stolen money dispute", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Dispute over stolen money claimed the life of one of the thieves in Manimajra on Wednesday night.The body of Sanjay Rajjak, 28, was recovered from the forest area near Raipurkalna village, Manimajra, and was identified by industrialist Dharam Pal. The deceased was employed with Pal at his factory in Industrial Area, Phase I. Police have arrested the associate of deceased Sushil Kumar, who is also working in the factory, for the murder on Thursday. In his statement to police, Pal said when he checked the cash counter in his factory he found Rs 39,400 missing. Suspecting Sanjay for the theft, he started tracing him and reached the spot where his body was found.SHO of PS Manimajra, Rajesh Shukla, said after establishing the identification of deceased, his known persons were traced in Industrial Area, Panchkula, and some of them informed the cops about his associate Sushil Kumar, who was missing from the factory since Wednesday night. Police sources said Sushil has confessed to the crime. Sources said Sushil had demanded a share of Rs 7,000 from the stolen money, but Sanjay refused.Sources added, Sushil reportedly hit Sanjay with a heavy stone and fled after taking all the stolen cash, documents and cellphone of deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11921188", "title": "When stars don\u2019t practise what they preach", "text": "MUMBAI: Prominent Hindi film personalities, some of whom had even shot campaigns asking the common man to go out and vote, were not seen at the polling booths on Thursday.Actor Aamir Khan was away shooting for his television show. Salman Khan is in Cuba , but father Salim Khan and brother Arbaaz Khan came to cast their vote. The only superstar Khan to enter a polling booth on Thursday was Shah Rukh.Amitabh Bachchan could not vote as he is in hospital, but wife Jaya Bachchan ensured she cast her ballot. Son Abhishek and daughter-in-law Aishwarya, though, stayed away . Priyanka Chopra who has just returned from the US is currently shooting in Darjeeling . Actor Sanjay Dutt's wife Manyata said he was busy canvassing for Congress in Uttar Pradesh but would try his level best to make it to Mumbai by evening.Celebrities who made it a point to vote, though, were disappointed with the low turnout and appealed to Mumbaikars to head to polling stations. TV anchor Mandira Bedi tweeted her picture saying, \"Why is the youth staying in today.. ? Exercise your franchise.. It's your right.. '' Director Ken Ghosh tweeted, \"I voted! Disheartening to see a poor turnout at my booth, come on Mumbaikars. Vote for your city.\" Lyricist Vishal Dadlani tweeted, \"Bombay , if you don't vote today, you lose the right to whine and complain about bad roads, bad infrastructure , bad politicians.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11916788", "title": "SP, BSP locked in direct contest in most seats", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The fight for 12 assembly seats in the district is likely to be between the Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party , with the Congress and Bharatiya Janata Party acting as fence sitters barring few seats.This could be in complete reversal of 2007 assembly election when the BSP candidates led the pack in 11 seats which went to polls and won eight of them, leaving the SP, BJP and Congress to share one seat each. This time the SP might have an edge given the anti-incumbency factor against the BSP.City North: With an overall 48% polling as compared to 24% in 2007, the fight which was initially between sitting Congress MLA Anugrah Narayan Singh and BJP's Uday Bhan Karvariya has become a triangular since a good number of votes were cast in favour of BSP candidate Harshvardhan Bajpai, who is believed to have got votes in densely populated areas of Rajapur, Govindpur and Mumfordgunj.City South: The seat was a BJP stronghold till BSP minister Nand Gopal Gupta Nandi wrested it in 2007 by defeating former assembly Speaker Kesri Nath Tripathi. However, this time the contest could be traiangular -- BJP, BSP and SP -- given 48% polling in the constituency. Congress is banking on the personal image of its candidate.City West: The constituency recorded the highest voting percentage (51%) in the city and is witnessing a direct fight between Apna Dal's Atiq Ahmad and BSP's Pooja Pal. While former is likely to get votes in his stronghold of Chakiya, Atala and Nakas Kohna, latter's votes are centred around Sulem Sarai, Neewa, Jhalwa, Rajrooppur and Kalidipuram. Sp might get votes in Kandhaipur and Preetam Nagar.In the rural areas too, the contest is likely between the SP and BSP.Koraon: The fight here is triangular between Rajbali Jaisal of BSP, Ram Kripal of Communist Party and Tulsi Das Rana of BJP. This is perhaps the only seat where SP is not in the reckoning.Bara: Here also the fight is triangular between Bhola Chaudhary of BSP and Ajay Pasi of SP and Manju Sant of Congress.Meja: The fight here is mainly between Girish Chandra Pandey alias Gama Pandey of SP and Anand Pandey alias Collector Pandey of BSP while Sarvesh Tiwari of Congress is following them from outside.Karchana: The seat is witnessing an interesting battle between SP's Ujjawal Raman Singh and Deepak Patel of BSP.Soraon: The contest is between SP's Satyaveer Munna, BSP's Babulal Bhanwra and Ajay Bharti of Congress.Pratappur: Veteran Congress leader Shyam Surat Upadhyaya is locked in a three-cornered contest with SP's Vijma Yadav and BSP's Mujtaba Siddiqui.Trinamool Congress candidate and dissident Congress leader Sanjay Tiwari could make a dent in Congress's vote bank, feel political observers.Handia: The constituency with the highest number of young voters is witnessing a tough contest between SP's Mahesh Narayan Singh and expelled BSP minister Rakesh Dhar Tripathi who is fighting on the ticket of Pragatisheel Manav Vikas Party.Phulpur: SP's Saeed Ahmad is facing a tough challenge from BSP's Praveen Patel while former Pratappur MLA and BJP candidate Jokhu Lal is also giving them a run for their money.Phaphamau: Ansar Ahmad of SP and BSP leader Guru Prasad Maurya are locked in a straight contest.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11921238", "title": "'No casino licences if people don't want'", "text": "PANAJI: Offshore casino licences would be cancelled by the BJP government when it comes to power \"if people do not want them (casinos)\", said BJP's chief spokesperson Rajendra Arlekar in a tete-a-tete with TOI.Permission for India's first offshore casino in Goa in 1999 was granted when the BJP was in a coalition with the Goa People's Party.But about eight years later the party was part of the anti-casino agitations after the Congress government granted offshore casinos permissions.BJP leaders like opposition leader Manohar Parrikar and others had then not only castigated the Congress government alleging kickbacks on the casino issue but had also demanded that the licences should be cancelled. The leaders had insisted that this would be done if the party that ruled from 2000 to 2005 came back to power.From P 1On Wednesday, Arlekar, BJP's former Vasco MLA and present candidate in Pernem, was not as confident; initially being vague, and, only after much prodding, stating, \"We can do something in that matter (reverting Congress government's decision on casinos), something positive that people want... certainly something can be done.\"Asked specifically if the BJP government will withdraw permissions to offshore casinos-as the party had stressed about casinos being money laundering avenues and destroying the culture of Goans-Arlekar said, \"If possible... that can be done I think. If people of Goa are against casinos... they don't want them... then why should we insist on them?\"He was more confident about winnability being among the main criteria for the party's selection of candidates for the March polls. \"Winnability was one of the major factors (in deciding candidates). But this doesn't mean that other factors were not as important,\" Arlekar told TOI.Insisting that the party had not sidetracked the cadre while selecting candidates, he said, \"Manohar Parrikar, Laxmikant Parsekar, Damu Naik, me... all come from the cadre.\"When it was pointed out that the examples were of sitting MLAs and that most of the candidates from the non-sitting MLA category were not from the cadre, he said, \"Yes, during elections, some adjustments have to be made. We have to have some exceptions.\"Asked if Nilesh Cabral and Carlos Almeida, who got tickets three days after joining the party, were part of the \"exceptions\", Arlekar said, \"In certain cases we agree to it (that winnability was the main criteria).\"He explained that \"today, the people's mood is anti-Congress, so we must make the most of it\", indicating that many BJP candidates were selected based on the local situation and how people in a constituency are reacting to the Congress-led regime.Interestingly, this is the first time BJP has fielded seven candidates from the Catholic community. Arlekar said the party is more prepared to face the elections as it has learnt from past mistakes and has worked on the reports of election analysis of 2002 and 2007 when, incidentally, the party preferred cadre-based persons.On appeasing minorities, Arlekar said, \"We are not in favour of the concepts of minority or majority. All citizens are the same.\" He claimed that minorities have realized the error in accepting the \"misinformation about the BJP carried out by the Congress\". \"They now feel-let's give BJP a chance\".\"Conservatively estimating\" that the BJP-MGP alliance will win 22-25 seats, Arlekar said, \"We have better chances of winning than any other combine,\" admitting that Congress' \"misgovernance\" is a big advantage to the BJP. He claimed the alliance will not need the support of the Goa Vikas Party or any other party as it will come to power on its own.On the controversy over North Goa MP Shripad Naik, Arlekar ended the interview stating, \"The chapter is closed. Everyone is working for the party's success at the polls.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11919634", "title": "Kolkata car-rape claim gets murkier", "text": "KOLKATA: Forensic experts have confirmed physical assault on the woman who claims to have been raped in a moving car in the wee hours of February 6. But the experts said that the chances of establishing rape were very slim as the victim was brought for medical examination eight days after the incident, when almost all trace of the crime had disappeared.Abrasions, marks of thrust by force, injuries caused by fall while in motion have been found on the victim's body, say sources. The report says that these injuries were caused by a physical assault and match with the date on which she says she was raped. They are also consistent with her statement. The report concludes that something did happen to the victim on that day, but the examination was too delayed to confirm rape.Forensic expert Nabanita Adhikari had examined the victim at Calcutta Medical College and Hospital on February 14.\"By the time the victim was brought to us, it was too late to find evidence of rape. But the marks on her body, like bruises and abrasions, suggest that she was subjected to physical assault around the same time the woman told police that she was raped,\" said Dr LK Ghosh, head of the forensic department at CMCH.While the police insist the hospital gave them the February 14 date, the hospital authorities blame police for the delay in bringing the victim for medical examination.Experts say that it is extremely difficult to find traces of rape in a victim three days after the crime. The alleged rape took place in the wee hours of February 6. The victim went to the police on February 8 but police registered an FIR only the next day. Doctors said that had the victim been brought for a medical examination on February 8 or even on the 9th, there was still a possibility of finding some evidence of rape.\"Police had approached us around 11am on February 11 with the court papers for a medical examination. But they did not bring the victim that day. It was the police who asked us to give the date on February 14. There was no delay on our part,\" said Ghosh.Doctors said that it wouldn't have made much difference had the woman been brought for the test on February 11. Even by then, it was too late to find vital traces that would have helped establish the rape. The medical examination took place on February 14 and a report was prepared that day itself, but police came around to collect it two days later, around 3pm on February 16.Doctors also corroborated the victim's statement that no policewoman accompanied the victim to the hospital for the medical examination. Police have also not handed over the clothes the victim was wearing during the assault. \"If her garments were seized and preserved, there was a high chance of getting some forensic evidence. But we have not been given those dresses,\" said Ghosh.The woman's vaginal swab has been handed over to police for forensic examination, but experts feel that the chances of establishing rape is remote because the swab was taken after a gap of eight days.Doctors also pointed out other instances of the police's immaturity in handling the case. The investigators reportedly missed out asking a few vital questions while submitting the requisition for the medical test. Questions like the victim's sexual habits, if she had recent sexual activity or if she was suffering from any venereal disease were added after the lapses were pointed out. Moreover forensic experts said that police could have brought the victim for medical examination right after she lodged the complaint without waiting for court order in the context of the severity of the allegation.\"It seems that the investigating officer is inexperienced in handling such sensitive cases whereas the matter needed very sensitive and careful handling,\" said a source in the forensic department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11920455", "title": "For corporation, it's not the best report card", "text": "KOCHI: Kochi Corporation is now taking stock of its performance last year prior to preparing the budget for 2012-2013. The corporation, which failed to announce any new projects for the current fiscal, has also failed in implementing big ticket projects highlighted in the last budget.When TOI checked the status of projects that had been given priority in the budget, Corporation officials maintained they had just started work on some these projects or were awaiting government approval for a few others.Cochin First, heralded as the flagship project of the Corporation, is yet to take off in spite of umpteen 'coming soon' promises by mayor Tony Chammany. This was proposed with the idea of carrying out development projects by pooling in resources from governmental and non-governmental bodies, voluntary organizations, public sector units, private organization and non-resident Keralites.Similarly, the proposal to use LED, LED induction and CFL for street lighting has only reached the project report stage. \"INKEL has been asked to submit a detailed project report for modernizing street lighting. It will be carried out in a phased manner and will take about three to four years to implement,\" said project engineer Jolly Varghese.Then the local body wanted to take up the supply of potable water and electricity on a model implemented by the Thrissur Corporation, but it failed to get government approval for it.The Corporation also did not make any progress regarding the budget proposal for implementing the Geographic Information System (GIS) to computerize the details of houses, roads and other services in the city.On the plus side, the Rs 50 lakh allocated for extending medical facilities in the 13 primary health centres has been fully utilized. Officials associated with the health department said the amount had been mainly used to procure medicines and equipment. The project also sought to provide support to mother and child health centres.Corporation's e-governance programme that is expected to be launched in April is yet another plus. Tata Consultancy Services has already started implementing this project. At present, computerized facilities are available for getting building sanctions. When this system becomes completely operational, there will be facility to track Corporation's files. It will also be possible to get birth, marriage and death certificates online. An amount of Rs 8 crore was allocated for the project through Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).And on April Fools Day, the corporation hopes to deploy radio frequency identification (RFID) technology to track illegal hoardings in the city. \"The corporation council has approved the project report submitted by Keltron for installing the devices and it will be put in place on April 1,\" said planning and development committee chairman K J Sohan.The good, the bad and the ugly* Cochin First - Not implemented* Modernization of street lights - Not implemented* Water supply project (Thrissur model) - Not approved* Geographic Information System - Not implemented* Public Health - Funds utilized* E-governance - To be completed in April* RFID technology - To be completed in April", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11918281", "title": "Rao Tula Ram flyover mess leaves 1 dead after car crash", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was an accident waiting to happen. A 28-year-old Afghan was charred to death after his speeding Honda City crashed into the half-constructed concrete central verge on the Rao Tula Ram (RTR) flyover and then swerved to hit the parapet wall.According to police, Mohammad Qasim, the driver of the vehicle, swerved left suddenly around 4am after seeing the barriers in front of him, and lost control on the steering wheel. He then rammed into one of the concrete jersey barriers. Each barrier weighs about two tonne, yet the impact was so hard that the barrier was displaced by over 1.5 feet. The vehicle then swerved sideways by almost 180 degrees and rammed into the sound barriers at the side of the flyover. While the car caught fire after the incident, the driver was charred to death after he could not be rescued in time. His three other Afghan friends and two female friends managed to get out. While the three men were sent to the AIIMS Trauma Centre, the women stopped passing vehicles and got themselves admitted at a private hospital.The PWD had started work on placing concrete jersey barriers on the flyover on January 27. Till Wednesday night, 102 of the total 300 such barriers from the Munirka end of the flyover had been placed along the flyover, covering one-third of the flyover. However, no road safety signs warning motorists coming from the direction of the airport, where the vehicle in question was coming from, had been placed by the civic agency.\"They had taken permission to place six jersey barriers each night between midnight and 3am when the flyover would be closed to traffic. It appears that the driver was over speeding and rammed into the jersey barrier and then the side sound barrier of the flyover,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Meanwhile, the investigating official in the case said, \"The sudden division of the lane without even a proper diversion signal either by the PWD or the traffic police led to the accident.''Additional DCP (south) Pramod Khuswah said \"merely overspeeding'' could not be the only reason behind the accident. Cops said the driver, Qasim could not get out of the car as he was wearing a seat belt from which he could not free himself even as the engine right under him caught fire.The Public Works Department (PWD), responsible for the work on the stretch, did not bother to place any warning signs on the flyover despite work being in progress for the last 17 days, and expected to continue for 33 more days. Consequently, Qasim possibly did not see the divider suddenly appearing on the flyover until the last minute. \"Warning signs will be put in place if not placed earlier,\" said PWD director (works) Sudhir Kumar.The injured have been identified as Mohammad Idris (23), Ahmed Khalid (20), Sherula (26), Haseena and Athra. Idris has been reported critical while others are out of danger, hospital sources said. Afghan embassy officials later visited the hospital. Sher Mohammad, a relative of Idris, said that Qasim and Idris worked as translators (Qasim was employed with a leading private hospital of the city) while Khalid and Sherula had arrived in India on a tour to the country 14 days ago.Cops said that the group was partying at The Empire Nightclub at the Metropolitan mall in Gurgaon in the night and had headed towards Lajpat Nagar in the wee hours. The cops and the fire department were immediately informed by motorists. The cops received a call around 5.30am about the incident. The fire was so huge that by the time the fire tender reached the spot, the body had turned into ashes. Haseena and Athra - the female passengers - were taken to Fortis Hospital while Idris, Khalid and Sherulla were rushed to AIIMS. While Khalid and Sherulla were discharged in the afternoon, Idris' family shifted him to a private hospital, police said.The deceased had migrated from Kabul in Afghanistan four years ago and got married two year ago. He is survived by his wife and two children. The seriously injured, Idris, is unmarried and is survived by his parents and two sisters. \"It happened out of the blue. Idris had not informed us where he was headed to when he left home on Wednesday,'' said his maternal uncle at AIIMS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11910051", "title": "Kamal Hassan revives film with Rajinikanth", "text": "Before starting with his ambitious bilingual Amar Hai, Kamal Hassan is planning to revive his most ambitious project, Marudhanayagam.According to reports, the period film which revolves around the life of the 18th century warrior Mohammed Yusuf Khan , will have a budget of around Rs 150 crore and will release in Hindi, Tamil, Telugu and English.The film kick started in 1997 but due to various reasons was shelved after a few days of shooting. When contacted, Kamal Hassan said, \"We shot about 25 percent of the film before it was called off for many reasons including the finances. But now we're looking at reviving the film. It will take some time but the time lapse doesn't matter. Coincidentally, we stopped shooting exactly where ten years are supposed to pass by in the protagonist's life.\"Interestingly, Hassan has a role for his friend and arch rival Rajinikanth in his film.He said, \"Yes there is a role that is ideal for him. We've done ten films together in the beginning of our careers, but none recently. No one has come up with a project worthy of us. It's up to me to bell the cat.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11918675", "title": "Delhi police nab 4 persons for selling a four-month-old infant", "text": "NEW DELHI: The arrest of three women and a man for selling a four-month-old infant for Rs 1 lakh has once again highlighted the rampant trafficking of children in the city.The accused were picked up from Virat Cinema at Dakshinpuri in south Delhi when they had come to sell the male child.\"The accused have been identified as Chandra Devi (64), Heera Devi (42), Pooja Devi (22) and Neeraj Mahalwal (22); Neeraj is the father of the child. We received a tip-off about Chandra looking for a buyer for the infant. We sent a decoy - a woman constable - to negotiate a deal. She was told that the child was with another woman, who demanded Rs 1 lakh. Our decoy paid Rs 10,000 as advance,\" said additional DCP (crime) Sanjay Bhatia.Police then got in touch with NGO Shakti Vahini, and together they set a trap after which the accused were arrested.During investigations, it was revealed that a West Bengal woman was the real mother of the child.\"It was Neeraj, who had insisted that the child be sold. After his arrest, Neeraj told us that he had come in contact with a woman about 18 months ago and had started living with her in Dakshinpuri. She became pregnant and delivered a child in Safdarjung Hospital last October. Neeraj wanted to abandon her and get rid of the child,\" said ACP K K Sharma of Special Operations Squad.Following an order by the Lajpat Nagar Child Welfare Committee,the child had been sent to Upvan, an NGO in Safdarjang Enclave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11920157", "title": "Govt backs TNPSC on judges\u2019 selection", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government has urged the Madras high court to pass appropriate orders on PILs relating to the appointment of 185 civil judges in the state, taking into account the appointment R Nataraj as chairman of the TNPSC and introduction of several reforms too.The TNPSC has already filed its counter-affidavit, stating that in view of the change in circumstances including the appointment of Nataraj as chairman, the TNPSC should be permitted to undertake the selection process. Citing reforms ushered in by the new dispensation at the TNPSC, the Commission said it was confident of completing the recruitment process within six months of the announcement of the date of notification.The matter relates to the government's January 21 notification, proposing to recruit 185 civil judges (junior division) for the subordinate judiciary in the state. The selection is being made after a gap of more than two years. Also, the subordinate judiciary is battling a huge shortage of officers.As a one-time measure, the selection process has been entrusted with the high court, which would complete the exercise without the assistance of the TNPSC.However, several PILs were filed by advocates raising several objections to the job notification. While K Balu of the Advocates Forum for Social Justice said that neither the government nor the TNPSC had any power to delegate their constitutional mandate of recruiting civil judges and, instead, hand over the responsibility to the high court itself.Advocate P Viyajendran, counsel for another advocate-petitioner submitted that the upper age limit for SC/STs has not been adequately relaxed, and that fixation of a uniform upper age limit of 27 years for all applicants was bad in law. Another advocate, R Krishnamurthy, wanted the court to clarify that only those advocates who had written the All India Bar Examination and obtained the certificate of practice, which is a prerequisite for practicing in any court or tribunal, alone would be eligible to apply for the posts.A new bench headed by justice K Suguna will hear the batch of PILs on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11920431", "title": "'PIST students can study in other colleges'", "text": "KOCHI: B Tech students who gained admission to Palakkad Institute of Science and Technology (PIST), the college chargesheeted for bribing AICTE officials, can continue their studies at nearby colleges, AICTE has submitted to the Kerala high court.All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) had cancelled the affiliation granted to PIST after CBI chargesheeted the chairman of the college, along with those of two other colleges, for bribing AICTE officials to obtain approval for running colleges without necessary infrastructure. After college officials approached the high court seeking permission to continue with admissions, a division bench of the court directed AICTE to allow admissions to continueand to see whether the students can be accommodated in nearby colleges.When the case came up for hearing, AICTE submitted to the court that a total of 84 students gained admission to PIST. The college was allocated 240 seats. These students can be accommodated in other colleges in Palakkad and Malappuram as many colleges still have vacant seats.AICTE had cancelled affiliations granted to three colleges after CBI chargesheeted the colleges' officials for bribery.The counsel for AICTE had submitted that a new policy of the council, introduced in February last year, prevents continuation of affiliation to colleges that were booked by a central investigation agency on corruption charges.In January last year, CBI had filed chargesheets against three self-financing engineering colleges in Kerala after it was found that they bribed AICTE officials. The colleges named by CBI were PIST, IQRA Education and Charitable Trust and Thejus Engineering College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11924248", "title": "Sarah-Jane Dias goes shopping", "text": "Sarah-Jane Dias showed off her hot bod in a yellow dress from Bebe's Spring Summer collection.The actress decided to indulge herself on the occasion of Valentine's Day . Guests were seen checking out the Spring Summer collection at the store located at Phoenix Market City Mall in Kurla. Sarah also treated herself to some oxygenated make-up from Inglot as well.Radhika had her husband Shaan for company. We spotted her sons - Soham and Shubh - wearing T-shirts that said 'Thing 1' and 'Thing 2'. Shaan chose to sport a ponytail at the do and looked stylish. The singer, who attributes the happiness in his voice to his better half, took his kids away to eat pizza so that Radhika could shop in peace.Also seen was Sharan Parekh, who had just returned from Paris where he attended the world's biggest furnishing do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11923456", "title": "Google Android 5.0 coming in Q2: Report", "text": "Even as Google's Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich) operating system is yet to fully take off, the news of its successor is already doing rounds.According to a report in Taiwan's DigiTimes, Google is readying the launch of Android 5.0 dubbed Jelly Bean in the second quarter of this year.The report, quoting Taiwan-based supply chain makers, reveals that Google is reportedly asking users to adopt Android 5.0 and Windows 8 in the same tablet PC. Software giant Microsoft is scheduled to unveil a test version of its Windows 8 operating software later this month.While Android 4.0 brings a bunch of new features for tablets as well as smartphones, Android 5.0 is likely to be further optimized for tablet PCs. The report states that Google plans to integrate its Chrome system functions to push dual-operating system designs.The report further claims that Google will let vendors add Android 5.0 to a Windows 8-based tablet or notebook, giving them the option to switch between the operating systems without a reboot.While most of the Android phone manufacturers have updated their Ice Cream Sandwich release schedules, it is yet to see how the OS climbs in popularity in comparison to its closest rival Apple's iOS 5.Among other things, Android 4.0 offers a brand new font system called Roboto; lets users take screenshots without rooting the smartphone or installing any third-party apps and transcribes words instantly into text.The current OS also features Android Beam, based on NFC (Near Field Communication) which allows two Android smartphones to securely exchange Web pages, contacts, media or even applications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "govindaraopet (warangal)", "code": "11920437", "title": "\u2018Tortured\u2019 by cops, ryot tries to kill self", "text": "GOVINDARAOPET (WARANGAL): A farm labourer in Warangal district was reportedly detained in custody and subjected to third-degree torture for allegedly having hit upon and helped himself to Maoist cash which the rebels had stashed away in the forests of Govindaraopet mandal.Fearing for his life, Kandula Ramulu attempted suicide on Thursday morning by consuming pesticide at his residence in Dunpillagudem village. But sister Kethamma and mother-in-law Mallamma rushed him to the Mulug government hospital where Ramulu is undergoing treatment.Sources said Ramulu was one of nine persons being questioned by cops in connection with the unearthing of the Maoist cash dump in a field on the outskirts of Dunpillagudem on February 3.Sources said Pasra cops, led by sub-inspector Balaji Varaprasad Rao, began harassing the nine villagers ever since word of the cash dump got around the area. The nine villagers in question had found Rs 2.70 lakh which they divided up amongst themselves at Rs 30,000 each.\"In the name of investigation, cops started torturing them using third-degree methods. For four continuous days, the nine were taken to the police station and tortured,\" sources said.Police also asked them to reimburse the cash they had taken from the Maoist stash and demanded clues on Maoist ammunition dumps in the forest. \"They even threatened the villagers saying they would register cases against them,\" a source said.Ramulu was worried that, in the future, too, police would harass him and decided to take the extreme step. \"He panicked when police summoned him again on Thursday. That is when he thought of committing suicide,\" a relative said.Wife Komuramma, who was working in the fields, rushed with her six-month-old bay girl to the hospital where she pleaded with the cops to stop harassing her husband.The villagers who reportedly found the Maoist stash are M Mallaiah, B Kumari, N Kotaiah, Sammaiah, K Ilaiah, Kota Ilaiah, Mekala Sammaiah, Shaik Hussain Ghouse along with Ramulu.Warangal police have drawn flak from all quarters over the allegations of torture. A CBI enquiry that had been ordered by the High Court was later stayed by the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11920801", "title": "Bhajji joins cricketers in conserving wildlife", "text": "Cricket and wildlife? For those wondering on a possible connection, here's the answer. Leading cricketers from across the globe pledged their support for wildlife conservation at Bannerghatta Biological Park.On Thursday, ace spinner Harbhajan Singh visited the park and expressed his interest in conservation. The cricketer took a safari, visited the Butterfly Park and volunteered for BBP's conservation initiatives. In the recent past, BBP has played host to Indian all-rounder Yusuf Pathan, Australian pace bowler Brett Lee and veteran Indian player Sandip Patil, all of whom have pledged their support to conservation at BBP.\"Pathan was here last week and Patil visited us recently. Now, Harbhajan has come forward. We're eager to work with them,\" R Raju, executive director, BBP told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11919109", "title": "RHB to launch housing schemes this year", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan Housing Board (RHB) on Thursday announced that it would launch housing schemes in Mansarovar, Pratap Nagar and Indira Gandhi Nagar this year in the city.During the budget meeting the RHB said it would construct 7,917 houses across the state and passed the budget of Rs 631crore. According to officials, the board will construct 4,605 for lower income group (LIG) and economically weaker section (EWS). The RHB has also decided to provide relaxation of Rs 2-4 lakh on RHB houses for martyrs' wives. Apart from Jaipur, RHB will also launch schemes in Alwar, Hanumangarh Bikaner, Kota and Udaipur.After failing to kick off the construction of proposed multi-storied houses for EWS in Dwarkapuri phase-II RHB has decided to drop the project. The board had awarded the work to a Mumbai-based company to construct around 1,116 houses for EWS in Dwarkapuri phase-II. However, due to slow progress of work by the company in phase-I this decision was taken.Parasram Mordia, RHB chairman said, \"The RHB will cancel the work order to the awarded company and return the bank guarantee without interest deposited by the company. The decision has been taken due to company's slow progress of work.\"An official said that in 2006 RHB has proposed a multi-storied housing scheme in two phases and awarded the work to the company. In Dwarkapuri phase -I the company had to construct 2,976 houses, however, it has been able to construct only 900 houses till date. \"We have given the company an ultimatum to complete the work till September 2012,\" added Mordia.The delay in phase-I also caused increase in construction cost in turn increasing the monthly installments. RHB had launched the scheme for families earning Rs 5,000 or less per month. However, with increase in installments the allottees will now have to shell out Rs 4,900 per month. The housing scheme proposed in 2006 for BPL families was expected to be completed by 2008. The estimated cost of the houses was Rs 2.85 lakh which has now increased to Rs 5.70 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11910081", "title": "Vivek Oberoi is a joke: Sanjay Gupta", "text": "Sanjay Gupta has been in news ever since he announced his return to direction with Shootout At Wadala.After Vidya said no to the film due to date problems, rumour has it that Asin refused, too. However, Gupta denied ever approaching Asin, resulting in a volley of allegations. Moreover, after Gupta had show the door to Vivek, Vivek said that he had rejected Gupta's film.Clearing the air on all controversies, Gupta told Mumbai Mirror, \"Vivek Oberoi is a joke which is not even funny anymore but his ridiculous statements make me laugh. I think he is the Prince of Ghaziabad who will get his KLPD. And Asin is being silly about the whole thing. She should know where to stop.\"The spokesperson of White Feather Films, Gary Van Shipley said, \"Asin is not even in the league of Deepika, Priyanka or Sonam that one would get publicity out of her. I have never spoken or met her. Where is the question of me offering the film? The lesser said the better about Vivek as we all know what he can do to get cheap publicity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11919102", "title": "Cable operators contest Arasu TV corporation's 70 pm order", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Thursday ordered notice to the managing director of Arasu Cable TV corporation Ltd on a petition challenging a notification stating that cable operators registered with it should charge only Rs 70 from subscribers.When the petition filed by the Cable Operators' Guild of Madurai came up before before Justice K K Sasidharan, the government advocate KP Krishnadoss took notice on behalf of Arasu Cable TV corporation Ltd and other authorities.The Cable Operators' Guild of Madurai in its petition said as per an announcement of Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI), cable operators were empowered to collect subscription charges for cable services not exceeding Rs 270 from each subscriber since January 1, 2009. All of a sudden, Arasu Cable TV corporation Ltd issued a notification on September 28, 2011, stating that cable TV operators registered under it should charge only Rs 70 from its subscribers and out of that, a sum of Rs 20 has to be paid to Arasu Cable TV corporation Ltd. Cable TV operators will get only Rs 50 per subscriber, out of which the operator will have to meet infrastructure costs and all other incidental expenses. With this meagre margin, cable TV operators cannot survive and provide quality cable services, the petition added.Cable operators were collecting not less than Rs 250 till the impugned notification came out. By virtue of the notification, the revenue of cable TV operators had drastically reduced. Because of the drastic fall in revenue, operators found it difficult to meet ends. The notification was arbitrary and against the provisions of the tariff orders of TRAI in 2008, the petition said.Contending that the statutory authority, TRAI, alone was competent to fix tariffs, the petitioner said neither the state government nor corporations formed by the state government including Arasu Cable TV corporation Ltd, had the power to interfere with the powers conferred on TRAI.The matter has been adjourned for hearing on March 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11921232", "title": "Maharashtra civic polls: State wrap up", "text": "Ulhasnagar voting up, but parties sulkMUMBAI: Around 45% of Ulhasnagar's 47.6 lakh voters exercised their franchise for the civic elections on Thursday, which passed off peacefully. While the figure is not yet official, it is nearly 4% better than in 2007 when there was a 41.3% turnout.All parties were disappointed with the low turnout, especially the Congress-NCP combine, which fears that this means saffron rule will continue. Congress-NCP and MNS leaders demanded a re-election in Ward 39, alleging around 1,500 voters were bogus and from Ambarnath.Turnout dips in Pune, PimpriPUNE: Only 51% of Pune's voters turned up to cast their ballots for the Pune civic elections on Thursday, a slight dip from the 53% turnout in the 2007 elections. Meanwhile, the nearby Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) saw approximately 53% showing up. The turnout is likely to be the lowest in the PCMC since 1986. In the 2007 elections, PCMC's turnout was 56.7%. A higher turnout was expected in Pune this time around, due to efforts by the government and social organizations.Marginally better showing in NashikNASHIK: Two incidents of violence marred polling for the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), but nearly 60% of voters reportedly exercised their franchise. The unofficial figure is marginally better than 2007's 58.2% turnout.Fall in Nagpur, Akola, AmravatiNAGPUR/AKOLA/AMRAVATI: An estimated 55% of voters exercised their franchise to elect representatives to the Nagpur Municipal Corporation on Thursday. The figure was slightly lower than the 56.3% showing in 2007. For the Akola Municipal Corporation, there was a huge drop in turnout, from 62.6% in 2007 to 56.1% in 2012. In Amravati, too, there was a huge drop, with 54.3% voters showing up, while in 2007 there was a turnout of 60.5%.Turnout plummets in Solapur pollsSOLAPUR: Only around 52% voting was registered on Thursday during elections to the Solapur Municipal Corporation. It was a drop from 58.1% in 2007. But the figure is still unofficial. The NCP and the Congress are rivals in Solapur. The SMC, controlled by the Congress, is witnessing a contest between the ruling party, the NCP and the Shiv Sena-BJP combine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11923059", "title": "Won't be surprised by Iranian links to Delhi blast: US", "text": "WASHINGTON: Still waiting for the investigation results into the attack on a Israeli diplomatic vehicle in New Delhi early this week, the United States on Thursday said that it would not be surprised if an Iranian link is identified in such an attack.\"We are still awaiting the results of the various investigations that are underway, and we are in contact with all of those governments,\" State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland told reporters at her daily news conference.\"But, no definitive conclusions although, as we said yesterday, it wouldn't surprise us,\" Nuland said responding to a question if the US has found any Iranian link into these attacks, as is being alleged by Israel.A motorcycle-borne assailant had stuck a bomb on a car in which an Israeli embassy employee was travelling that exploded injuring her and others in New Delhi.\"What I would say is that with regard to this bombing, the incidents in Delhi, incidents in Georgia, while we will await the results of the investigations, these events do come on the heels of other disrupted attacks targeted at Israel and Western interests, including an Iranian-sponsored attack in Baku, Azerbaijan, and a Hezbollah-linked attack in Bangkok, Thailand, before this,\" she had said early this week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11919572", "title": "Enthusiastic voters turn out in large numbers", "text": "NASHIK: Meanwhile, voters in the Old City area of Nashik were enthusiastic about casting their vote for the civic polls on Thursday.\"Since morning there has been good turnout of voters here. It being a holiday, even the youngsters planned to cast their votes and then begin the day,\" said Kishor Rathod, polling officer 1, at a polling station in ward number 27. \"There have been several issues about the voters not sporting their proper identity cards and making it difficult for us to identify them. But apart from that the things were quite peaceful,\" the official said.Ward number of 27, where Satish Shukla from the BJP and Shahu Khaire from the Congress are at loggerheads, and where high court intervened to ensure that eight polling stations-objected to by number of candidates- were shifted, witnessed allegations and counter-allegations by the activists. \"The climate is good-weather-wise and politically as well, thanks to the number of appeals by the authorities and others asking the people to come out and cast their votes. During last elections, I never saw such queues,\" said Prashant Pardeshi, standing in queue at Lokmanya School in ward number 27.All the 11 wards of CIDCO division seemed to compete with each other to register maximum number of voters since morning. CIDCO is home to the people from the rural areas-especially from Kalwan, Satana, Malegaon and Baglan tehsils.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11919803", "title": "BJP trying to divide Catholic vote: Churchill", "text": "MARGAO: A peeved Churchill Alemao on Thursday lashed out at the BJP which has extended support to his rival, independent candidate Avertano Furtado in Navelim.Addressing reporters, the PWD minister said the BJP's fielding of Catholic candidates is opposition leader Manohar Parrikar's \"idea of dividing Christians, Muslims and Hindus on religious lines\".\"The Congress does not differentiate on the basis of religion. When Parrikar came to power he tried to do away with the public holidays on Good Friday and the feast of St Francis Xavier. He now admits this was a mistake. Can an IITian commit such a mistake? He has only shown his original traits, the real traits of the party,\" Alemao said.Calling Parrikar a chameleon for now supporting English in the medium of instruction row, the Navelim MLA said, \"This is my open question to Parrikar-if by fluke his government comes to power, will he go ahead with the cabinet decision to give grants to English medium primary schools or will the decision be reversed?\"He wondered why the BJP had not fielded its own candidate in the constituency and had supported a n independent. \"They want to split the Catholic vote. But the people of Navelim won't be fooled by such gimmicks. They know that their children's future lies in the English language. Whatever tactics the BJP may use, they have no chance (of winning). I welcome all types of leaders to defeat me. I believe in the people of Navelim, they are with me,\" said Alemao.He said the Hindutva policy of the BJP, RSS and Bajrang Dal was unacceptable to Goans. \"It's Goa's tradition to celebrate festivals of all religions. Hindutva of the BJP has no place in Goa.\"He also accused his bete noire, former Navelim MLA Luizinho Faliero, of canvassing against his candidature in the constituency.\"Luizinho has held meetings urging people to defeat Churchill and Valanka (Congress candidate in Benaulim). They can't defeat me. Churchill is Churchill,\" Alemao said.The Faleiro camp, when contacted, denied holding any such meetings.Calling Congress' 'family raj' \"Goa's political tradition\" Alemao said, \"The first chief minister Bhausaheb Bandodkar brought his daughter Shashikala into his cabinet. That time no one raised any objections to dynasty politics. Jack Sequeira of the United Goans brought his son Erasmo into politics; no one raised any accusing finger. Dynasty politics is very much a part of Goa's tradition and custom.\"Terming it \"jealousy politics\" and the \"politics of crab mentality\", Alemao said, \"Parrikar has no reason to accuse me of promoting dynasty politics. If he is so opposed to dynasty politics why has the BJP entered into an alliance with the Dhavalikar brothers (of the MGP)?\"He said defiantly, \"The Alemao clan (including brother Joaquim in Cuncolim, daughter Valanka in Benaulim and nephew Yuri (NCP candidate) in Sanguem) have always helped and have served people. People are with our clan. We will win all four seats.\"Assembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "11918514", "title": "Winning sarpanch's son killed in Ganjam", "text": "BERHAMPUR: In an incident of post poll violence in Ganjam district, the son of a newly elected (unofficially) sarpanch in the district was killed on Thursday by suspected political opponents. The incident took place just a day after the election in the village.Lalu Gouda (25), son of Pramila Gouda, the newly elected sarpanch in Diha Padhal gram panchayat under Bhanajanagar block, was attacked by a group of alleged supporters of the defeated sarpanch candidate by sharp weapons while he was standing near a tea stall. He succumbed to his injuries on his way to MKCG Medical College and Hospital here, police said.Tension ran high in the village when supports of the sarpanch went on a rampage and set fire to some of the houses of the supporters of the defeated candidate as soon as news of Lalu's death spread in the village. A rice mill owned by one of the relatives of the defeated sarpanch candidate was also torched. The agitators staged a road blockade in the village as well, disrupting communication between Bhanjanagar and Dasapalla.Senior police officers, including Ganjam SP Rajesh Pandit, rushed to the spot. Police said at least eight persons, including the prime accused in the incident -- Kulu Swain -- were arrested. Kulu, a supporter of the ruling BJD, is a relative of the defeated candidate, sources saidDiha Padhal village is under the constituency of Bhanjanagar, from where the state's rural development and law minister Bikrma Keshari Arukh was elected. He, however, refused to comment on the incident.At least two platoons of security forces were deployed in the village. \"The situation is tense but under control,\" said a senior police officer.This was the second poll related casualty in the district in the ongoing panchayat election. Earlier, Congress Nayak, a BJD supporter was killed by his political opponents at Haripur under Dharakote police station limits on February 5. Nayak was the representative of Lok Sabha member of Aska, Nityanand Pradhan, in Daharakote block. At least two people have been arrested in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bhopal/ betul", "code": "11923220", "title": "Tribal bride protests bad sanitation, gets award", "text": "BHOPAL/ BETUL: A tribal woman from Madhya Pradesh's Betul district, who ran away from her husband's house barely two days after her marriage over lack of sanitary facilities, has become a brand ambassador for a cleanliness drive.Anita Narre's insistence on having a toilet at her in-law's place not only compelled her husband to take up the issue with the panchayat at his native in Jheetudhana in Betul district but also made Sulabh International adopt Anita's village for its \"Total Cleanliness Drive\".\"We have decided to award Rs five lakh to Anita for taking a bold initiative and risking her marriage for the sake of a toilet,\" Sulabh's Chairman Dr Bindeshwar Pathak said.\"This will definitely motivate other Indian girls, specially in villages, to ensure that when their parents marry them they must see that there is a toilet at their in-laws place,\" said Pathak who will soon publish a book on toilets in 24 languages.He would provide five copies each of the book to all the panchayats of the country.When 23-year-old Anita got married to Shivram Narre on May 13, 2011, she got the shock of her life when there was no toilet at her in-law's place.As there were hardly any lavatories in the village villagers would go in open fields to relieve themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11918338", "title": "Missed deadline puts lives in danger", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Rao Tula Ram flyover is a Rs 59.6-crore proof of how the authorities have put the lives of thousands of commuters at risk every day. The accident on Thursday morning could have possibly been avoided, had the agency responsible for placing the concrete jersey barriers on the road placed warning signs ahead of the sudden dividers that appear out of nowhere.The public works department (PWD), which had claimed that a proper central verge would be in place by February 2011, took one more year to even start building a proper divider this January. It is currently placing 300 concrete jersey barriers on the 920-metre-long and nine-metre-wide single carriageway flyover to create the central verge. Work started on January 27 this year and PWD then promised to place the barriers in 50 days by placing six such barriers every night from midnight to 3am. However, while one-third of the flyover from the Munirka end has 102 such barriers, no road sign warns commuters travelling from the airport side about the sudden presence of the divider.This is only the latest instance of the civic apathy towards the commuters on the stretch. There have been enough experiments with the flyover, with little relief to commuters. While the flyover should have never been built as the narrow, two-way flyover that it is right now because of its heavy traffic movement, the authorities have paid little heed to rectify the larger traffic mess it has created. TOI had carried out a campaign in August 2011, stressing on the need to widen the 'half-flyover' that is the result of bad planning and the political muscle of a few influential people living in the area.While short-term solutions are moving at a snail's pace, long-term projects have been delayed when the authorities took over 10 months to award RITES a proposal to study long-term solutions for the stretch from IIT to NH-8.The flyover, which was constructed as part of the Commonwealth Games projects, was originally planned as a normal two-way flyover, then built as a three-lane, one-way facility from the airport to IIT. After huge bottlenecks were reported on the grade level from IIT to the airport, the traffic flow on the flyover was reversed to IIT to the airport. Corresponding bottlenecks resulted in front of Army Research and Referral Hospital, and it was finally decided that the carriageway be made two way, resulting in only one-and-a-half lanes available to each side on top of the flyover.However, the plastic bollards used as dividers along the flyover were soon broken, or went missing. Till late January, vehicles whizzed past each other in dangerous swerves on the flyover, with half of the flimsy divider, made entirely of plastic bollards, half broken and mostly missing. The jarring ride was perhaps only made better during peak hours when movement on the flyover is akin to travelling at a painfully snail's pace.The proper speed calming measures like rumble strips, cats' eyes and spring posts that were supposed to be in place on either side of the flyover in 2011 are yet to be placed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11918848", "title": "Govt takes on BJP: Home ministry puts saffron terror under lens", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days after the arrest of RSS worker Kamal Chouhan in connection with the Samjhauta Express blast case, the home ministry on Thursday said \"more arrests will be made leading to the solving\" of a number of terror cases including Malegaon, Modassa and Ajmer Shariff blasts.The ministry said six terror cases were being reinvestigated and one of them (Modassa in Gujarat) was on the verge of being solved. The six cases are 2006 Malegaon blast, bombing in Samjhauta Express (2007), Hyderabad's Mecca Masjid and Ajmer dargah (2007) and explosions in Malegaon and Modassa (2008).All these terror acts were allegedly carried out by Hindu right-wing extremist forces and their probe by investigating agencies are at different stages.Referring to these cases, the ministry in a statement said: \"The NIA had arrested Naba Kumar Sarkar alias Swami Aseemanand, Lokesh Sharma, Devender Gupta and a few others in connection with these six cases. Recently, the NIA has arrested Kamal Chouhan and it is expected that more arrests will be made leading to solving of the above cases\".Chauhan, arrested by the NIA on Sunday, has claimed he had planted bombs on the Samjhauta Express that left 68 people, mostly Pakistanis, dead.The ministry's response came following a statement by main Opposition BJP that no case of terror has been solved by investigating agencies even since the UPA came to power in the Centre eight years ago.Reacting to the Opposition's remarks, the ministry said it was \"sparing no efforts\" to solve such incidents and punish the culprits. It said 39 of the 46 cases related to major terrorist strikes that rocked the country in the last decade have been solved by the investigating agencies.\"Government's attention has been drawn to a statement made by the spokesperson of a political party that no case of terror has been solved by the investigating agencies in the last eight years.\"... Since May, 2000 there have been 46 major terrorist incidents. Of these, all but seven cases have been solved. In nine cases, convictions have been obtained. In the remaining 30 cases, charge sheets have been filed in 29 cases and trial has commenced in 19 cases. Two cases ended in acquittal and appeals have been preferred,\" the ministry said.It claimed that four out of seven \"unsolved\" cases were on the verge of being solved on the basis of recent busting of an Indian Mujahideen (IM) module by Delhi and Mumbai Police that led to the arrest of seven terrorists from Bihar and other places.The four cases are serial bomb blasts of Mumbai (July 13, 2011), bomb blast near Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bangalore (April, 2010), shootout and blast near Jama Masjid in Delhi (September 19, 2010) and blast in Modassa (September, 2008).Police have, however, remained completely clueless in three terror cases - blast at Mehrauli, Delhi (2008); explosion at Jama Masjid, Delhi (2006) and Sheetalaghat blast in Varanasi (2010).The ministry said the recent busting of the IM module has revealed that the terror group was responsible for bomb blast at German Bakery, Pune (February 13, 2010); blast near Chinnaswamy Stadium, Jama Masjid shootout and blast (September 19, 2010) and 13/7 serial blasts in Mumbai.\"As regards the German Bakery case, one chargesheet has been filed, one of the accused is facing trial, and six accused have been declared absconders,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11920694", "title": "Special trains to Mhow on Ambedkar jayanti", "text": "INDORE: The Western Railways has introduced two special trains Mhow- Indore- Mhow and Indore- Khandwa- Indore between April 13 and 15 in wake of Ambedkar Jayanti.The special trains would ferry passengers from these areas who visit Mhow in large numbers to take part in the Ambedkar Jayanti birth celebrations.Train number 09396 Mhow-Indore special will leave Mhow 8 am and reach Indore at 8.50, while train number 09397 Indore-Mhow special will leave Indore at 22.50 and reach Mhow at 23.55.Similarly, train number 09397 Indore-Khandwa special will leave Indore at 9.15 am and reach Khandwa at 3.10 pm, while train number 09398 Khandwa-Indore will leave Khandwa at 22.20 pm and reach Indore at 04.20 am. These special trains will run between April 13 and 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11919986", "title": "Don't allow India to be battleground of Israel, Iran tussle: Swaraj", "text": "KANPUR: Leader of opposition in Lok Sabha and senior BJP leader Sushma Swaraj said that BJP is contesting elections on a five-point agenda. She said that BJP is against Inflation, FDI in retail sector, corruption, reservation based on caste and black money and therefore, party has made these issues its agenda for the Assembly elections in Uttar Pradesh. She said that India should not be allowed to become the battleground of Israel, Iran conflict.Swaraj told newspersons on Thursday that Congress, BSP and SP do not have any agenda. She lambasted Congress over 2G spectrum case.Speaking about the increased voting per cent in the first three phases of election in the state, Swaraj said that it would give BJP increased number of votes and this was something over which the party is cheerful.When questioned about the blast in the car in high-profile zone in Delhi recently, Swaraj condemned it and added that the government should ensure that India should not become be allowed to be an arena of battle between two countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11920460", "title": "Management week celebrations to begin today", "text": "KOCHI: The management week celebrations of the Kerala Management Association (KMA) will begin on February 17. The week-long celebrations will include competitions and lectures.As part of the celebrations, KMA conducted the Young Mangers Contest on Thursday. Mayor Tony Chammany spoke on this year's theme 'Emerging Kerala' before declaring the contest open. K N Shastry, president, KMA, said management day is devoted to recognizing the importance of the profession in all spears of life. In this highly competitive scenario, expectations from managers have been increasing.Elias George, special commissioner, Industries, will deliver this year's M K K Nayar commemorative lecture.Dignitaries from different walks of life will talk on topics of contemporary relevance, and G Padmanabhan, executive director of RBI, will be the chief guest at the inaugural function on Friday. The celebrations will come to a close on February 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11921450", "title": "Woman ends life over dowry", "text": "NAGPUR: Harassment by inlaws for dowry forced a mother of six-month-old boy to commit suicide. Laxmi Mishra (24) had called her parents on Wednesday morning asking them to take her back but she ended her life by hanging herself before they could reach.According to her in-laws, she was found hanging from the ceiling hook at her Sanjay Nagar slum home on Wednesday afternoon. Laxmi's parents claim it is a murder. \"It is a two room house and her inlaws said that they were present in the house when she hanged herself. Why didn't they save my daughter,\" asked Shrikant Tiwari, Laxmi's father.A resident of Katol, Laxmi was married in June 2010 with Raju, a private company employee. Tiwari said that they had already given more than Rs 2 lakh in dowry during marriage. A year later, the in-laws demanded a motorbike. A fortnight ago, Raju left Laxmi with her parent's house in Katol and told her to bring cash to buy a motorcyle, claimed a relative.Tiwari said he could not arrange the money as he had just spent more than Rs 1 lakh on treatment of his son who was injured in a road mishap last month. A week ago, Laxmi returned to her in-laws' house without money. The inlaws and Raju started harassing her immediately.On Tuesday night, Raju called Tiwari and made him hear Laxmi and his son Arnav's cries. \"I heard them crying and had decided to bring her back. On Wednesday morning when again Laxmi called me, I decided to take the bus for Nagpur in the afternoon,\" said Tiwari.Before Tiwari could board the bus Raju informed them about Laxmi's suicide. Mishra's neighbours, who are also supporting Tiwari said that Laxmi was seen conscious but struggling for life when her in-laws screamed alerting others.\"Instead of taking her to the hospital, they kept her at home. Later she was declared brought dead at the hospital,\" said the neighbour. Tiwari has lodged a complaint with Ambazari police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11918954", "title": "SOG to investigate motive behind Balbir's entry in city", "text": "JAIPUR: The Special Operations Group (SOG) of Rajasthan police will investigate as to why Balbir Banuda, a notorious criminal was in possession of Rs 7.5 lakh and semi-automatic pistols when he was arrested from Jaipur on Wednesday. The police are trying to solve the mystery behind what brought him here despite the fact that he carried a reward of Rs 1 lakh on his head and police had been following him for a long time.Jat leader Rajaram Meel created ripples by claiming on Thursday that the criminal was in Jaipur to kill him. However, police refused to confirm Meel's claims but said all these things were under investigation.The SOG on Thursday presented Balbir Banuda who was arrested from Kardhani area in the city in a city court where on the application of SOG the court granted them police custody for 7 days. The court has also allowed them to use handcuffs whenever the accused is produced before the court. Balbir was wanted in at least half-a-dozen cases of murder including the murders of Gopal Phogawat, the president of Jat Mahasabha, Sikar and Jeewan Godara in Deedwana.Balbir is a close aide of Anand Pal Singh and both of them are big names in liquor mafia in Shekhawati region. Balbir had been absconding for last six years.\"We had recovered Rs 7.5 lakh from his possession, two sophisticated pistols and 48 cartridges. One thing that definitely needs to be investigated is if the accused had come to Jaipur on some mission, to eliminate someone or for extortion,\" said a senior officer of SOG on Thursday.According to the sources, Balbir had an old rivalry with the president of Rajasthan Jat Mahasabha, Rajaram Meel since the latter had participated in a movement against Anand Pal Singh and him and with their \"political influence\" accelerated the momentum against the accused.SOG has neither ruled out nor accepted that Balbir was in Jaipur to eliminate Meel. When asked if Balbir had plans to eliminate Meel a senior SOG officer said, \"Nothing of this sort has come up so far. His (Balbir's) activities were under surveillance for a long time and when we got a tip off that he is in town and is equipped with arms, we organised an ambush and arrested him.\"When contacted, additional director general, SOG, Kapil Garg said, \"Since we have taken him in police remand of 7 days, we will definitely investigate as to why he was carrying a sum of Rs 7.5 lakh and sophisticated weapons specially when SOG and other district police were already keeping a tab on his activities.\"Asked if he had taken a contract to eliminate the Meel, Garg said, \"It is too premature to say anything as it has been just been a day since we arrested him.\"However, Meel claimed that some police officers told him that Balbir could eliminate him. He said, \"Being the president of Rajasthan Jat Mahasaba I have always worked to safeguard the rights and interests of my community. Whenever murders of people from our community took place, we protested against it prominently. That could be the reason of Balbir and Anand Pal Singh being against me. I never had this impression but some police officers told me that Balbir in his confession has said that he was in town to eliminate me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11924823", "title": "Novel Approach", "text": "NEW DELHI: PepsiCo India announced the fifth edition of Become Indras Advisors Contest on February 3, a unique campus challenge that looks at talented young minds for the most innovative and out-of-the-box solutions to the challenges that PepsiCo is currently facing.Over 200 entries were received from 17 premier B-Schools across the country for this edition. Students from JBIMS, Mumbai and FMS, Delhi finished as first and second runners-up respectively while ISB won the contest.The winning team Nothing Official consisting of Sunitha Subramaniam, Indradeep Das and Sameep Mendiratta walked away with the trophy after beating five other finalists for the opportunity to travel to New York and also bagged for themselves Pre Placement Offers (PPO) at PepsiCo India. The first and the second runners up received cash prizes of Rs 2,00,000 and Rs 1,50,000 respectively and Pre Placement Interviews (PPI).This contest provides students with once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to present their challenge solution to PepsiCos chairperson CEO, Indra Nooyi at PepsiCos Headquarters at Purchase, New York.The topic for this years competition was Transforming Breakfast for Indian Consumers. Participants were encouraged to come up with relevant business solutions for the branded breakfast category in the country using two globally powerful brands PepsiCos portfolio Tropicana Quaker.The finalists presented their ideas to PepsiCos honchos including Dr Arindam Bhattacharya, managing director, The Boston Consulting Group, India; Gautham Mukkavilli, SVP- Global Nutrition Group, AMEA, PepsiCo; Manu Anand, president CEO, PepsiCo India; Praveen Someshwar, CEO, India Beverages PepsiCo; and Varun Berry, CEO, India Foods - PepsiCo. The evaluation parameters used by the judges were originality, comprehensiveness of the solution, feasibility and overall presentation.Speaking about the initiative, Samik Basu, chief peoples officer, PepsiCo India Region said, This programme serves a two-fold agenda; one is to engage bright young minds to come up with possible solutions for real business issues and opportunities; secondly to make them familiar with the FB industry and how PepsiCo is poised within that space.Members of the winning team, Nothing Official from ISB said, Our win at this contest was a culmination of nearly two months of hard work. We are thrilled to be able to meet Indra Nooyi and share our ideas with her and thank PepsiCo for giving us this opportunity.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11919095", "title": "District administration submits compliance report", "text": "JODHPUR: The district administration submitted compliance report in the CBI court on Thursday after attaching Indra Bishnoi's property. The court gave instructions to attach Indra Bishnoi's property who has been absconding for the last 3 months. She is wanted in the Bhanwari Devi case. The CBI had moved an application before the court on February 11 after Indra Bishnoi failed to surrender before the CBI till February 10.After the administration received this notice on Monday, district administration initiated the process to attach her property in her ancestral village Tilvasni, Bhavi and Dhana Magra in Bilara tehsil of Jodhpur and a house in Jodhpur city. These were carried out separately by the tehsildars of Bilara and Jodhpur. Only the city house was completely in her name, while in the other ancestral properties she had a share.\"The city properties will remain under the supervision of the police station concerned and rural properties will remain under the supervision of the revenue department until the next orders from the court\", said additional district magistrate (I) Rajeev Jain. He added, \"We completed the attachment exercise on Wednesday and submitted a compliance report in the CBI court on Thursday.\"The attachment of the city property was carried out amidst tight security and a warning was pasted on the house barring the entry of any person in this property without permission from the concerned court.According to an estimate, Indra's house in Jodhpur is worth Rs. 2.5 crore approximately. Besides this, other properties are also estimated to be around Rs 1.5 crores, most of which are in the form of agricultural land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11919645", "title": "\u2018Victim\u2019s character has no bearing on case\u2019", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Thursday said that the woman who had lodged a rape complaint with Park Street police station had \"fabricated the story\". \"It was a fabricated story created to malign the government,\" Mamata said before leaving Writers' Buildings for the day. The CM's remark came minutes before police commissioner R K Pachnanda's press conference where he said that police would \"impartially\" investigate the case.Taking the cue from the CM, her media advisor said that \"several aspects are also being looked into - like cheating cases against the victim's father traced to Taltalla police station, how she used to earn her living, her family background and so on\". He is also curious about the aides of Gabbar, now in jail, and their activities that sounded like a hint about their involvement in the matter. The media advisor said that police were probing \"whether it was a money deal\".Transport minister Madan Mitra also kept harping on the fact that the victim had a few drinks. He wondered why a mother who go to a nightclub.The remarks from the CM and the minister came as a surprise to many. Lawyer Bharati Mutsuddi, former member of the West Bengal Commission of Women, referred to an infamous case where a sex worker was raped by a constable. The Supreme Court had pointed out that a woman's character or her profession should not be taken into consideration. \"It is by now a well established premise of the law. How can such questions be raised in the first place?\" she asked. \"A woman's profession or alleged cheating cases about her father, or her family background are completely irrelevant.\"Mutsuddi also said that the chief minister's comments saying the complaint was fabricated, would influence the case, and hamper the \"neutral investigation of the case\".But people refuse to take lessons from court orders. Member of the West Bengal Commission for Women Keya Chowdhury believes that a woman's \"family background\", (like alleged cheating cases against her father) should be considered an issue if she has lodged a complaint of rape. \"Of course. Family background should also be considered. Everything about the woman has to be checked,\" Chowdhury said.Lawyer Arunava Ghosh, raised questions about the veracity of such arguments. \"When an investigation is on, no one can make any conclusive comments on the case. It is a way of trying to influence the case,\" he said. Ghosh pointed out that former police commissioner Prasun Mukherjee had made such a gaffe during the investigation of Rizwanur Rehman's death and was eventually removed from his post.Ghosh also pointed out that during a rape case in 1993, when Jyoti Basu was at the helm, Mamata Banerjee had led a strong protest against police inaction. \"It is so completely wrong that a woman's character and her family background and her livelihood is being discussed in this manner. Even if a complainant is a sex worker, she has every right to lodge a complaint of rape, and that should be inquired into without any questions raised about her profession,\" the lawyer said.Writer Sunil Gangopadhyay said that such statements by government officials and police only go on to deteriorate the law and order situation. \"Strong messages have to be given to offenders. It is completely outrageous to raise questions about a father's alleged crime and link it to the filing of a rape complaint by a daughter. How are the two related?\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11920930", "title": "US 'concern' over terrorist mentor Hafiz Saeed's presence at Pak rally", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Obama administration on Wednesday expressed token concern over the recent public appearance of Lashkar-e-Taiba leader and alleged terrorist mentor Hafiz Saeed at a rally in Karachi , gently reminding Pakistan that the organization and its front group Jamaat-ud Dawa is \"internationally sanctioned because of its association with al-Qaida .\"\"We have and continue to urge the Government of Pakistan to uphold its obligations in accordance with UN Security Council Resolution 1267/1989,\" the State Department said in a statement after receiving and considering a question from a journalist about the recent rally in Pakistan that featured Saeed and other terrorist principals. \"That resolution calls for all countries to freeze assets of sanctioned groups, prevent the transfer of arms to them, and prevent sanctioned individuals from entering or transiting their territories.\"The US statement would appear to be nothing more than tokenism considering Saeed has enjoyed free movement and making public speeches for a long time now, reportedly with the blessings of the Pakistani military establishment, without any punitive action by Washington. Instead, the Obama administration has continued to lavish aid on Islamabad - including a proposed $ 2.4 billion in the latest U.S budget and the last three jets from a consignment of 18 F-16 jets - despite the Pakistani military's long-standing promotion of extremism and terrorism chronicled by many experts, including Pakistani analysts.The ostensible reason for the State Department stirring out of its traditional stupor when it comes to Pakistan's infractions is an anti-American rally by several banned religious extremists and right-wing political parties under the banner of Difa-e-Pakistan (Defense of Pakistan Council) last week. The rally, to be followed by others across Pakistan, \"has raised suspicions that the group has approval from elements in the powerful military and security establishment, aiming to bolster public support for a hard-line position,\" Pakistan's Dawn newspaper reported on Wednesday quoting news agencies.Not that Pakistani military's ties to terrorism has particularly bothered Washington. Former CIA analyst and administration official Bruce Riedel pointed out this week that a top Pakistani spook had said former military ruler Pervez Musharraf was in the know about Osama bin Laden's presence in Abbottabad and he ought to be questioned when he comes to the U.S, where he visits as a frequent guest. But the suggestion is getting no traction in a city that has often winked at Pakistan's use of the so-called 'assymmetric' strategies.Other western wire reports have also raised the red flag about the reported surge by the alliance of militant Islamist groups which are opposed to both the U.S and India, and see them as allies conspiring against Pakistan. The new alliance, campaigning for a break in ties with Washington and an end to warming relations with New Delhi, \"is giving clear shape for the first time in many years to an underworld of hyper-nationalism, militancy, sectarianism and faith-based politics whose influence in Pakistan has until now operated largely beneath the surface,\" a Reuters commentary said this week.\"Given widespread suspicion that the alliance enjoys the tacit backing of the Pakistan Army -- few believe it could operate so openly without the approval of the generals in Rawalpindi -- it also provides an (albeit distorted) window into the thinking of the country's powerful security establishment,\" it added, concluding that the military would have many reasons to give the DPC tacit approval because it serves as a convenient stalking horse for an army which wants to extract more from Washington while conceding little.It is also a reminder to Pakistani's civilian government not to be over-enthusiastic in improving ties with India (talks on Pakistan giving MFN status to India have stalled, it said.But the dominant view in Washington, as also in New Delhi, is that Pakistan needs to be engaged continuously and walked away from its self-propelled slide into extremism and chaos, although some voices are seeking punitive action, warning that Islamabad and its generals are counting on such appeasement and therefore deliberately courting extremism. In a speech on Wednesday at a Boston college , India's ambassador to the U.S Nirupama Rao spoke of India's \"earnest and committed efforts to build a peaceful, cooperative and normal relationship (with Pakistan), and to reduce the trust deficit that has blighted that relationship for so long.\"\"It is our hope and expectation that these efforts are not thwarted by the threat of terrorism that continues to emanate from within Pakistan and, whose deadly impact is increasingly felt within that country,\" Rao said, even as the State Department, which has advocated continuous engagement with Pakistan despite its shifty policies, bestirred itself after the latest provocation to register a token warning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11920783", "title": "Malihabad set for a \u2018power\u2019ful poll battle", "text": "Kal se kaun is baagh ko rangiin banaane aayega,kaun phoolon ki hansi par muskuraane aayega; kaun is sabze ko sote se jagaane aayega, kaun in paudon ko seene se lagaane aayega ...aye Malihabad ke rangiin gulistaan alvidaa...LUCKNOW: Doyen of Urdu poetry Josh Malihabadi penned these lines expressing his love for his birth place.These words aptly express the feelings of over three lakh natives of Malihabad, many of whom have reluctantly decided to bid adieu to the mango orchards by converting them into commercial and residential plots.Situated about 30km from Lucknow, Malihabad (reserved) constituency lacks in basic facilities like electricity and irrigation which have badly hit mango production, forcing many to resort to cutting of their orchards.Power crisis here is a very serious problem, says Ali Saheb Khan Afridi, the great grandnephew of Josh Malihabadi.Even as the people continue to reel under power crisis, Malihabad assembly constituency, which goes to polls on February 19, is set to witness a close triangular fight among Rashtravadi Communist Party's Kaushal Kishore, sitting MLA from BSP Dr Siddharth Shanker, who is the son of late SP MLA Gauri Shanker Singh, and Samajwadi Party's Indel Rawat.\"BJP's Rajesh Rawat and Congress's Dr Jagdish Chandra may end up fighting for fourth and fifth places,\" says Wasid Khan, who runs an aari zardozi raw material shop at Mirzaganj market in Malihabad.The battle of ballot is all set to see a close finish here, says Naseeb Khan, a resident of Mirzaganj town.Despite Malihabad being a rural seat deomographically, caste equations do not hold much ground here. The common grievance is the power crisis. It has hit everyone cutting across ages, caste, religion without any bias, says Zahid Ali, who is from 18th century Nawab Fakir Mohammed Khan alias Goya Khan's family. Since two of the three candidates have been tested at least one-time each on the promise of providing electricity, voters might bear this in mind and may find it relatively easier to select one of the three. But, awareness among voters is giving sleepless nights to candidates. As far as Dr Siddharth Shanker from BSP is concerned, the fact that he still enjoys his party's strong vote base and is campaigning extensively.The reason for dissatisfaction among voters is mainly due to his inability to fulfill the promise of providing at least 18 hours of electricity. The constituency, on an average, gets electricity for just 7 to 8 hours and the crisis worsens during summers.Over two-and-half years Dr Siddharth got to fulfill his promise was wasted by him, saysChandrashekhar Yadav, a mango orchard owner, says: \"Malihabad continued to reel under deep power crisis even after Dr Siddharth became an MLA from the ruling BSP. The constituency rarely gets power at night and when there electricity is provided at night, then there are daytime cuts,\" says a shopkeeper preferring anonymity.Dr Siddharth won the election on this very promise as the voters thought that he was from the ruling party, he would be able to ensure proper electricity in the area, however, he didn't succeed much, says Nirmal, a sweetshop owner and a resident of Post-office trisection. On the other hand, RCP's Kaushal Kishore is seen as a labourious candidate. He has fought to improve power crisis by staging regular protests. \"But not being a candidate from any major party leaves him helpless,\" says Khalid Naeem, a resident of Rehmankhera.However, voters are aware of his clean image, says Pramilla, another resident of Rehmankhera, which has been for the past over a month living under the fear of a tiger that is on the prowl.Tiger scare may affect polling, feel residents. In fact candidates are putting pressure on the forest officials to catch the tiger as they are unable to campaign in some villages. Among the villages affected by tiger fear include Ullhaaspur, Mandawali and Gahiya.Coming back to triangular fight, Samajwadi Party's Indel Rawat is also a strong contender though he has not been tested even once by voters here, says Fareed, a resident of Mahmoodpur village. There are people who feel that he can also be given a chance to prove his worth, says Ramesh Rawat, a resident of Gahiya village. He dittoes that promise to improve power crisis will ultimately deicde the voting on the day. Assembly elections news 2012UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11921089", "title": "Activists work overtime to get citizens to vote", "text": "From setting up information centres to helping people locate their polling booths and providing transport to the elderly to even calling up homes, citizens ' groups and activists across the city on Thursday set in motion the machinery to ensure that Mumbaikars left their homes to get inked.At the junction of St Andrews Road, Bandra, members of the Advanced Locality Management (ALM) helped Mumbaikars get their voter cards. \"I took a day off from the multinational company I work for and was helping people from 7.30am onwards. Some had not even received their voter ID cards,\" said Connell Gonsalves from St Andrews Road.At Borivli, New Link Road Residents' Forum members operated a 'call centre' with six to seven helplines to field enquiries from citizens. \"There was a lot of confusion as people were not able to find their polling booths. We also deployed our volunteers at nine polling booths,\" said Harish Pandey, member of NLRRF.Meanwhile, the Khar Residents' Association (KRA) had arranged for six cars to ferry around a hundred senior citizens who wanted to exercise their right to vote. \"We had computers where we downloaded the electoral rolls, and set up stalls in Khar to guide people. Many names were cut out from the list,\" said Nitin Gadekar, a member of the association.Meanwhile, in south Mumbai, the Cuffe Parade Residents ' Association got in touch with chairpersons of all housing societies to increase voter turnout. In the last civic elections Ward A-which includes Cuffe Parade, Fort, Colaba , Esplanade and Churchgate-had a low turnout of around 35%. This year it was lower at 34.15%. \"Every Cuffe Parade resident received three SMSes reminding them to cast their vote,\" said Ashok Kunwar , chairman, CPRA.------------", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "rakh bagh", "code": "11921160", "title": "Sapna runs for 8 medals at annual GCW meet", "text": "RAKH BAGH: The final day of the annual athletic meet of Government College for Women turned up to be a fortunate one for Sapna Saini as she bagged the best athlete title with 8 medals hanging around her neck Thursday.Sapna won a gold in 200m, 400m, 800m, 1,500m and 4X100m relay and a bronze medal in 100m and long jump along with the best athlete award.The Rakhbag resident says she used to play hockey till she was in Class X. \"My classmates then motivated me to take up athletics and it worked out better for me as I got to participate in athletic events along with playing hockey,'' she adds. The BA-III student says she hasn't reached the heights in athletics as she has touched playing hockey.\"I have played hockey at national level tournaments but haven't made it to the state level yet in athletics. I wasn't confident enough so far, but this meet has made me believe in my self as a capable athlete too,'' says Sapna.The determined athlete says she has been to put up a good show on tracks because of her speed. \"I play forward on the hockey field too because of my speed. I wish to join the police force later depending upon my performance and medals,'' she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11919127", "title": "PU likely to set up college of journalism", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) is likely to set up a full-fledged college of journalism to promote media education and research in the state.Giving this information to TOI here on Thursday, PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh said that the college would be set up on the pattern of Columbia School of Journalism so that it could impart training in all aspects of journalism to its scholars. A sound infrastructure would be created to carry out meaningful communication research which is not being done properly anywhere in the country. The VC said the UNESCO had agreed to support PU's venture and provide all the necessary infrastructural and academic facilities. The college would have about 10 departments dealing with different aspects of print and electronic media. Besides, it would also provide short-term training to working journalists. The details of the proposal are being formulated and would be placed before the various statutory bodies of the university for their approval. The state government would be approached for sanctioning posts of teaching and secretarial staff for the college.PU is also contemplating to have academic collaboration with some reputed foreign universities so that our faculty members and students might get an opportunity to interact with the academics and scientists from overseas, the VC said. Collaborative research in different fields would certainly raise the academic standard of the university, he said.A delegation of academics from Iran had visited PU recently and agreed to have an academic exchange programme with the Persian department of the university. This collaboration would not only provide job opportunities to the students of the Persian department, but also increase the number of scholars, the VC said.Singh said the university would also like to take up consultancy work with a view to providing useful services to different sectors of the society. There are many departments in the university which could provide their know-how and expertise to the people on payment of some reasonable charge. This would not only give some incentive to the faculty members, it would also enrich the university exchequer. Details of consultancy services are being finalized, he said.Expressing his concern over the dwindling strength of students in some departments, particularly humanities, the VC said that the university is contemplating to create endowments and fellowships in these departments to attract the scholars. The domain of some of the existing endowments would also be extended to cover the scholars of these departments, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11924451", "title": "Rey\u2019s teaser to be screened with Nippu", "text": "The first teaser of Rey will be screened along with Ravi Tej, Deeksha Seth starrer Nippu.YVS Chowdary is directing and producing Rey which has Chiranjeevi's newphew Sai Dharam Tej, Subrah Aiyappa and Shraddha Das in lead roles. Most part of Rey has been completed and the new schedule will begin in Hyderabad and after this, the unit will head to USA to finish remaining portions of the film. The film is expected to hit the screens in June.Source: 123 telugu", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11918795", "title": "Residents find it easy to vote at housing societies", "text": "PUNE: Puneties gave a thumbs up to the Election Commission's initiative of setting up polling booths at housing societies. Close proximity to their homes, cleaner and familiar surroundings and time saved on travelling to polling booths elsewhere in the locality were the advantages.However, even this initiative failed to bring voters out of their homes in some societies in upmarket areas like Aundh and Pashan.The Pune Municipal Corporation had set up 238 polling booths in housing societies across the city, while the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation had set up 27 booths at 24 housing societies, where, according to civic officials, the response was good.Those who voted at the polling booths set up at housing societies said it was easier to cast votes as they did not have to wait in long queues or travel elsewhere and face the difficulty in locating their respective polling booths.The arrangement was convenient for homemakers the most. Dibyendu Sarkar, chairman, Anmol Residency, Wakad, said, \"I am sure people will turn up in large numbers at polling booths inside societies. It is also very easy for homemakers to come along with their children at their convenience.''Sarkar said he was approached by the civic body's election office for setting up the booth at his society. \"I agreed to their proposal on the condition that people coming to vote at the centre do not park their vehicles on the society's premises\".Residents of Aundh Sitaram M B and his wife Surekha K S, who cast their votes at Tangent mall, said, \"We stay opposite the mall, and so it was very convenient to drop in for voting. Earlier, we had to travel to a school located in Aundhgaon.'' Another voter, Satish Prabhakar Joshi, said he stays just behind the mall and walked down to cast the vote. \"As Aundh is expanding, I think the elected candidates should look into the traffic woes here. With more and more companies and marts coming up, we have to face regular traffic snarls.\"Businessman S Kakkar, who cast his vote at NIBM (ward number 62), said, \"Compared to last elections, there are more polling centres which is convenient. The polling booths at housing societies are at cleaner places, mostly in club houses, which makes voting a pleasant experience.\"Jayant Salvekar, a resident of Navsahyadri Society in Karvenagar, hoped that the new elected body would be more people-centric.Sanjay Dhar, an IT professional from Aditya Garden, Warje, said, \"This is my third election as a voter and this time it was the most convenient as the polling booth is in my society. Otherwise, I had to travel at least two km from my home.'' Anchal Choubey from the same society said, \"This time I did not have to take the trouble of locating the polling booth. We have a big society of around 1,000 flats and people used the opportunity to vote\".Another voter, Hemsagar Sahu from Atulnagar Society, said, \"I voted in my society's polling booth in the morning before leaving for office and found the experience pleasant\".However, some residents had to go to other booths, despite their societies having a booth. This was because after splitting of the voter's list, some voters got displaced. Wakad resident Manoj Patil, who had to go to Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation-run primary school, said, \"It is weird that I had to travel four km from my home to cast a vote, that, too, when my society had a polling booth\".In many areas, it was observed that people from societies having polling booths had to go to other places to cast their votes. In Pashan, a polling official at Krishnakamal Society, said, \"Out of the total 415 voters listed here, only two voters are from this society and the remaining are from outside. We do not know the reason behind it.''A person helping out voters find their names in the list in Pashan, said, \"We are seeing a low turnout in societies as voters are complaining that they have to go to some other place, despite their society have a polling booth.''But Amit Khare, a HR professional, who came to cast his vote at Lenyadri Co-op Housing Society, Sus Road, Pashan, said, \"I do not think it should be a major problem for people to go to other societies to vote. I stay nearby and I am fine coming to this society to vote.'' An official of the society said there were 567 voters listed there, out of which only two were from the society. The remaining were from Pashan, Sus Road, Panchavati and Sutarwadi areas.In Pimpri-Chinchwad there was a good response from local residents to voting at booths in housing societies where half the listed voters exercised their franchise by afternoon itself. The polling booths were set up in club houses, sports hall and gymnasiums.There was a long queue at the polling booth located in Rajveer Palace Club in Pimpale Saudagar in the afternoon. Chandrakant Jagtap, a local resident, said, \"I am standing in the queue for the past one hour\".Anil Kumbhar, chairman, Siddhivinayak Ginger, had come to vote at the polling booth in Kunal Icon in Pimpale Saudagar along with his wife Alka and daughter Shalakha. Kumbhar said, \"The setting up of polling booths in the housing societies has immensely helped local residents. This should continue in future elections as it will increase voting percentage\".Polling booths were also set up in Dwarkadhish, Shubhashree Woods, Roseland, Rajveer Palace and Planet Millennium housing societies in Pimpale Saudagar.Uday Tekale, assistant commissioner and chief of election department, said, \"The election department had set up 27 polling booths in 24 housing societies in the city. These were located in Pimaple Saudagar and Rahatni areas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11919515", "title": "With law &amp; order on mind, cops come out in full force", "text": "NASHIK: The 'all-out programme' of the new police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal ensured the presence of all police officials on the streets for the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) elections on Thursday, and the polling process was conducted unobstructed without any major law and order issues, except two minor skirmishes.All senior police officials and employees were patrolling the 61 wards of the city to prevent any untoward incidents. Nonetheless, two groups clashed in the Bhadrakali area and the office and house of NCP candidate Sanjay Tile was ransacked in Panchavati allegedly by MNS candidates.Nearly 5,000 police personnel were on their toes to ensure peaceful polling in the city. Meanwhile, additional forces were deployed in 12 sensitive wards of the city. Apart from this, cops had also concentrated on 79 polling booths in the Panchavati, Bhadrakali and Gangapur areas of the city.Deputy commissioner Sahebrao Patil said that police are deployed in three stages, that is, for bandobast at polling booths, on the ground bandobast and zonal bandobast, under which a senior police inspector, police inspector (crime), police inspector (administration) and other police officers were patrolling every ward of the city. Additional police force was also brought in form Dhule and Nandurbar.Patil added that the entire poll process went unhampered. There were minor arguments between two groups at Indira Nagar and Rana Pratap Chowk, in Cidco, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11921488", "title": "Times Anugrah ends on a warm note", "text": "LUCKNOW: Times Anugrah, the woollen clothes donation campaign organised by The Times of India in association BSNL , received a tremendous response in the city. The drive, organised from January 28 to February 5, saw the collection of woollen clothes at various points in the city. It culminated with the distribution of these clothes on Wednesday at the centre of Ehsaas, an NGO that works for streetchildren.Chief guest at the distribution programme, DK Vaish, GM (Development), BSNL, praised TOI for the initiative. \"It is our social responsibility to help people in need. Being a part of such selfless ventures gives one a sense of fulfillment and drives one to do more of such things in future,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "11918928", "title": "Makeover for Surajpur sanctuary", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The World Wildlife Fund (WWF), Greater Noida Authority and the district administration have chalked out a makeover plan for the Surajpur bird sanctuary. In an effort to boost eco-tourism, the Authority, WWF and the Gautam Budh Nagar forest department will metamorphose the 800 acres wetland into a natural reserve forest area. After the facelift, projected to be completed in the next five years, the bird sanctuary will be equipped with a watchtower, communication facility and a bird information centre.In a meeting held recently, the Greater Noida Authority, besides approving Rs 10 lakh for the project, gave the nod for developing several eco-friendly huts for tourists and birdwatchers in addition to sanctioning the fencing of the sanctuary.\"A park sprawling across 12 acres in the area is also on this blueprint, besides setting up of strategically located watchtowers,\" said Hirdesh Kumar, district magistrate. The area already has 110 hectares of wetlands surrounding which are large amounts of elephant grass, known for providing best environment to migratory birds during mating season. \"The idea is to let the sanctuary evolve into a natural park rather than use artificial methods and props,\" said B Prabhakar, the district forest officer.The project to upgrade the bird sanctuary area started in 2009 when the GNIDA signed an agreement with WWF and UP government department of forests for developing around 330 hectares around the Surajpur Lake as a natural bird sanctuary. At the time, the area was already host to around 15 varieties of wild animals and 100 species of birds, officials of the district administration said. \"Today, with an allocated budget of Rs 60 crore and an upgrading plan of the natural forest in place, the area attracts hundreds of winged visitors,\" said Ashok Kumar, district forest ranger. \"Currently, the forest has about 5,000 varied species of migratory birds,\" Kumar added.The sanctuary, with rich biodiversity, has been monitored by the WWF team for the last three years and has been the habitat of not only various bird species but also several flora and fauna. \"The WWF team has been studying and surveying the area of the rare flora and fauna as well as the landscape, which will be preserved and protected,\" said an official.\"Many rare birds, such as the animated yellow wagtail or the flamboyant black-necked stork, come here and nature lovers can have the opportunity to watch spectacular birds of different size, shape and colour in their natural surroundings,\" added the DM. \"The new enhanced look of the sanctuary will be both tourist and environment friendly,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11920937", "title": "For would-be moms, dogs are best friends", "text": "LONDON: Dogs are a woman's best friend too, particularly if she is expecting . A new study by the University of Liverpool, University of Bristol and Waltham Centre has found that dogs are an unlikely ally for pregnant women - in fact, canines can keep expecting mothers, fit and healthy.Through brisk walking, an obvious side-effect of owning a dog, pregnant women were around 50% more likely to achieve the recommended 30 minutes activity per day, the Daily Mail reported.There is growing concern about the health risks connected to gaining excess weight during pregnancy , for both mother and child. Some previous studies have linked maternal obesity to childhood obesity.The new research studied the health and lifestyles of more than 11,000 pregnant women in the UK - using data from the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children. By helping pregnant women stay active , dog walking could form part of an effective strategy for managing weight gain during pregnancy.Sandra McCune, research programme manager at the Waltham Centre for Pet Nutrition, said, \"We are increasingly seeing that exercising with a dog can lead to improved motivation and effectiveness.\"As a low-risk exercise, dog walking can help women who may otherwise find it hard to meet their exercise targets, keep active and fit during pregnancy. Together with a balanced diet, it could therefore help towards ensuring a healthy pregnancy.\"Carri Westgarth, from the University's Institute of Infection and Global Health said, \"Although the higher physical activity levels of adult dog owners has already been demonstrated in the US and Australia , this is the first study of its kind to examine whether the effects also apply to pregnant women.\"By not managing their weight and exercise, pregnant women risk unnecessary weight gain, as well as a difficult labour or weight problems for the child in later life.\"\"We found that owning dogs was associated with pregnant women doing brisk walking on a regular basis , helping them achieve the recommended level of activity. AGENCIES", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11920678", "title": "Two held for bid to dupe man with fake gold bars", "text": "INDORE: With his sheer alertness, a man caught two persons on Wednesday, who allegedly duped him of Rs 75,000 by selling two fake gold bars at a throw away price, and handed them over to the police.Police said Raju Yadav of Chhotikumarkhadi was allegedly coned by the accused who were identified as Iqbal Khan and Kasam Khan residents of Haryana.According to Banganga police, the accused met Raju and set a deal with him stating that they would sell him two gold bars at a throw away prize. The accused offered him two gold bars weighing 90 grams for a sum of Rs 75,000. Amazed by the offer, Raju was lured into their trap and agreed for the deal.However, after getting the gold bars Raju got it checked with the jewellers only to find that they were not gold.Shocked learning that he was cheated he went on a lookout for the two accused. The accused realising that Raju came to know about the fraud, they fled the spot. With the help of his friends, Raju caught the accused while they were about to cheat another person at the Marimata crossing. Police has registered an offence against the duo for cheating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11918980", "title": "2 runaway boys found in Pune, 3rd missing", "text": "MUMBAI: Two of the three schoolboys, who had gone missing from their homes in Malad (E) 10 days ago, were traced to Pune on Thursday and brought back to Mumbai. They ran away from home following a tiff one of them had with his mother over a tuition class.Kurar police officials, who initially believed that the three boys were together, clarified that one of them was not with the two who had been traced to Pune and was yet to be located.\"The boys are residents of Appapada. We kept tabs on their cellphone locations. They used to speak to their families and friends before switching their phones off. On learning that two of them were in Pune, we tracked the boys down and brought them back to Mumbai on Thursday,\" said senior inspector Subhash Dafle.The police said one of the boys had a disagreement with his mother about a tuition class. The boy wanted to join another class, which was attended by some friends, but his mother disagreed. The other teenager tried to convince her, but in vain. The boys then decided to run away.Cops said the two boys spent time watching movies. They also took some clothes while running away. Incidentally, the third boy had run away earlier, too, but returned soon after.His parents were hoping that he would do the same again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "11920410", "title": "India planning Venus mission", "text": "TIRUPATI: An Indian scientific mission to Venus is being considered by the space community. This was announced by M S Anurup of Isro at the 17th National Space Science Symposium which has been jointly organised by Isro and Sri Venkateshwara University.According to Anurup, a preliminary study had indicated that if this mission gets the go ahead and depending upon the orbital parameters, it could be launched on May 20, 2015 arriving in Venus in October 2015. There could be about five scientific instruments on board the Venus-bound spacecraft. The rocket could either be the advanced version of the Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV-XL) or the Geo Synchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle (GSLV) or the newer version of the GSLV designated as GSLV Mark3.The preliminary study states that the main role of the Indian mission to Venus would be to study its atmosphere. It will also help to examine the origin and evolution of terrestrial planets.The report has expressed confidence that based on the success of the Chandrayaan-1 mission, India has the capability to launch a mission to Venus. In addition, with the launch of Risat-1 satellite next month, India will possess a radar imaging capability which will be necessary for the Venus mission. In another recent development, scientists of the Ahmedabad-based Physical Research Laboratory (PRL) have reported the existence of a cavity on Mars for the first time measuring 500 metres by 100 metres.This was announced by them at the Tirupati space meet through a poster. The project which was based on the data obtained from Nasa Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (MRO) was jointly done by SVS Murthy and Rishitosh Sinha of PRL. Sinha said the newly-found cavity is bowl shaped and is located at the foot of a crater hill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11920537", "title": "They collect automobiles of great antiquity", "text": "COIMBATORE: Naveen D owns a collection of antique cars including a Contessa belonging to former Vice President of India, B D Jetty. \"I got it from V Mayilsamy, a senior advocate of the Coimbatore bar. He purchased it from someone who acquired it at an auction in Delhi a few years ago,\" says Naveen. Hailing from Velmurugan Farm near Walayar, he was attending the 'auto expo' conducted at the Amrita School of Engineering, part of a three-day technical fest, 'Anokha 2012'.Naveen says that the car, allotted by the government to the former vice president, had come with many security features. \"It had complete bullet proof protection, including bullet proof glasses. However, all these special features were removed when it was put up for sale by the government. The auction must have been in the early 90's. As was the practice with defence cars for VIPs, it was not registered,\" he says. When the car was brought to Coimbatore, the registration number was changed. It had initially been registered by the initial buyer in Delhi.Naveen, who owns several antique cars, says that this was a spare car of the former vice-president. \"This was just one of his cars. After it was auctioned, it changed several hands before it reached Mayilsamy. Aware that I was passionate about antique cars, he presented it to me as a birthday gift. I sometimes drive this car to college,\" said Naveen, who is pursuing his MBA at the SAN International Business school at Walayar.K MuthuKumar, who owns K&M; Auto Engineers, at Avinashi road, has a collection of around 40 old scooters and bikes. \"Apart from the then popular and costly models like Java and Enfield, I have added some indigenous varieties. This attracts people who are curious about the evolution of auto technology over time,\" he says.R Venugopal, a vice president of the Robert Bosch Engineering and Business Solutions said that technology can help in protecting the environment. \"The general perception is that technology is harmful for the environment. Though it true in some cases, it can also help in rectifying problems,\" he said. He later told TOI that his company was studying the Indian market regarding the possibility of coming out with solar panels and cars which can run without fossil fuels. \"There is tremendous scope for green products in India. But as of now, they have a long way to go. We need to do more research and market studies. This could be one perhaps where academia can contribute,\" he said.M P Chandrasekharan, the Dean of Engineering at Amrita said that the programme will last till Saturday. \"The three days will see students from across the country presenting papers, workshops, and coming up with interesting and innovative designs,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11925160", "title": "Shiv Sena-BJP alliance set to emerge largest bloc in BMC", "text": "MUMBAI: Congress-NCP combine's bid to wrest control of the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation on Friday appeared coming to a nought with the country's richest civic body's ruling Shiv Sena-BJP alliance set to emerge as the largest bloc.With results and trends available so far from 214 of the 227 wards in Mumbai, the Sena has won or is leading in 71 wards, BJP in 27, Congress 45, NCP 16, MNS 27 and others 27.Though the BMC results appear likely to throw up a hung House, the state's ruling Congress-NCP combine seems nowhere near the half-way mark to enable it to rule the Mumbai civic body, which has an annual budget of over 21,000 crore, more than many states.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who had claimed before the polls that Shiv Sena and its leader Bal Thackeray will be rendered irrelevant once the results were out, seems to have overestimated the Mumbaikar's eagerness to get rid of the 16-year \"misrule\" of the saffron alliance.The techno-savvy politician, who was despatched to Maharashtra after his predecessor Ashok Chavan had to step down in the wake of the Adarsh Housing Society scam, had painstakingly stitched up an alliance with NCP for the BMC poll in order to avoid split in secular votes.What had prompted Chavan to cobble together an alliance with NCP for the Mumbai civic body poll was the fact that in the last elections, the votes polled by the Congress and NCP, which had then contested the BMC poll separately, if added, would have yielded 132 seats. \"Hence, getting a simple majority of 114 seats in the 227-member BMC should not be difficult,\" Chavan had said.Chavan had been saying that MNS support base, which has widened markedly since the 2007 BMC poll, would benefit the Congress-led Democratic Front, as the Raj Thackeray-led party would into eat into the Sena-BJP votes as in the past.Today, with the Sena-BJP combine looking to cross the 100-mark, it appears that Sena executive president Uddhav may concentrate on roping in independents to reach the magical 114 mark, instead of pleading with estranged cousin Raj to lend support.In Thane also, the Sena-BJP alliance is way ahead of the Congress-NCP combine. While the Sena has secured 51 seats, and BJP 7, Congress has so far got 18 and NCP 34. MNS has garnered 9 seats, BSP 2 and independents 8.In Nagpur, the second capital of the state, the ruling BJP has won 14 seats so far. Congress has won 7 seats; NCP, Shiv Sena, BSP and MNS have bagged one seat each, while two seats have been claimed by independents.In Nashik, MNS was leading in 6 seats, while Congress, NCP and BJP were leading in five seats each by noon. BJP had won two seats, where results are out.In Pune, in an upset for NCP, Mayor Mohansingh Rajpal has lost to his BJP rival as per the early results for the 152- member Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).MNS has won 5 seats, NCP has won 7, Congress 3, BJP 2 and Shiv Sena 1 in Pune so far.Ganesh Bidkar (BJP), who was chairman of the standing committee in the outgoing house, defeated Rajpal by 1,264 votes.RPI president Ramdas Athvale's decision to align with the Sena-BJP alliance has not paid rich dividends for the party as it has so far won just a single seat in the 130-member Thane civic body.While the Shiv Sena-BJP combine rules 227-member BMC, besides neighbouring Thane (130), Ulhasnagar(78), Nashik (122) and Nagpur (145), Congress controls Amravati (87), the Congress-NCP combine Pune (152) and Solapur (102). NCP holds Pimpri-Chinchwad civic body (126) and Congress Amravati (87).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11920647", "title": "DAVV semester exam to begin from May 2", "text": "INDORE: A meeting of college principals was held at Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV) on Thursday to discuss about the strategy and steps for conduct of varsity examinations. The university semester examinations will start from May 2 and results would be declared by June 30.The principals were informed about the higher education department orders to conduct semester examinations on time and declare results at the earliest. \"Higher education department has given orders to conduct examination on time and declare results as soon as possible. We have informed the colleges about the rulings so that they manage their affairs accordingly,\" said Dr Rajkamal, vice chancellor, DAVV.In another decision, the varsity has decided to give hike to the professors involved in checking answer sheets of the students. The varsity has decided to provide remuneration as per UGC recommendations for evaluations.The professors will get Rs 10 each for checking answer-sheets of undergraduate students and Rs 15 for post graduates respectively. The new remuneration will be effective from March 1. Earlier, the varsity professors were protesting and demanding hike in valuation fee.Coordination committee of higher education department has recently ordered to varsity to increase the remuneration of evaluators. However, the increased remuneration will burn a hole in the pockets of the students as varsity is likely to increase revaluation fee in the coming months.\"In past few years, expenditure of varsity has gone up with the rising inflation. So, to provide increased remuneration to professors varsity will have to raise examination fee.\" said Dr Rajkamal. Meanwhile, professors have demanded to give increased remuneration from December 22, 2011 on which coordination committee has passed its orders. Shyam Sundar Palod, leader of professors' association said, \"We are satisfied with the decision. However, increased remuneration should be given from the date of coordination committee orders.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11920995", "title": "Swish set again fails to be counted highrises lie low", "text": "The city's swish set, which religiously goes for its morning jog or walks its poodles and pugs along Marine Drive and Bandra Reclamation,couldn't make the trek to the polling booths on Thursday. Mumbai's high-rises didn't stand up to be counted on the day it mattered most.The sense of futility that precious little would change, enhanced by prospects of a long weekend that spills over to Monday's Mahashivratri holiday , saw the voting scale tip in the mid-40 s by percentage, just as it did during the previous civic election. Booths with small queues were rare in upmarket areas. Though political parties, NGOs and the media ran a sustained campaign exhorting citizens to vote, Mumbai's fabled apathy rose to the fore. The feeling of being merely one in a city of millions, the one that did not count, enveloped affluent areas from Colaba to Bandra, Juhu and Andheri's Lokhandwala Complex.Gul Asrani, who manages A-ward (Colaba, Cuffe Parade, Fort, Esplanade &amp; Churchgate) for the NGO AGNI, recalled the numerous candidate interfaces he had organised for voters. All of it came to nought. \"The residents even prepared a citizens' charter which candidates endorsed , yet the turnout is low.\"Anand Sheth, who lives in Jolly Maker III, one of the richest housing societies in Mumbai , said his polling booth at Meherdad building was empty when he went there at 10am. \"On the other hand, the Badhwar Park booth had crowds of slum dwellers.\"Mourning her neighbours' apathy, Pedder Road resident K Karanjia said she didn't feel hampered by her 84 years or her walking stick. \"It surprises me that the uppermiddle class doesn't vote. Hundreds of problems affect us on a daily basis. I am not sure if my vote makes a difference but it gives me satisfaction that I am doing my duty as a citizen,\" she said.But a 50-year-old Khar resident lacked motivation as she felt her vote didn't count. \"As I was planning to go out in the afternoon, I saw TV reports saying merely 35% had come out to vote. I felt my vote would not make a difference,\" said Radhika Iyer (name changed).A 30-year-old South Mumbai professional echoed the feeling. \"What difference will my vote make? One thug will be replaced by another,\" she said. Traders' federations tried to get their staff to the booths, even linking the day's wages to an inked finger. \"The government must initiate compulsory franchise through the internet or SMS for people who don't wish to rise from their couches,\" said businessman Viren Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11918299", "title": "Athagarh bypoll on March 18", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: By-election to Athagarh assembly constituency will be held on March 18, Election Commission of India (ECI) announced on Thursday.State chief electoral officer S Srinivasan said the ECI has intimated him about the bypoll and a formal notification is expected shortly.According to ECI sources, the notification will be out on February 22, while the nomination process will begin on February 29. Withdrawal of nominations will take place on March 1 and scrutiny of nominations two days later. Votes will be counted on March 21.The bypoll was necessitated after the Supreme Court on December 9, 2011, upheld the Orissa high court decision cancelling the 2009 assembly elections in Athagarh constituency and ordering fresh polls there. On June 23, 2010, the high court declared Ramesh Rout's election from Athagarh in 2009 as \"null and void\".The apex court ruling unseated Rout, who got the ruling BJD's backing in the 2009 polls after party nominee Ranendra Pratap Swain's nomination papers were rejected at the eleventh hour. The high court said his papers were illegally rejected and ordered fresh elections. Rout was formerly an acolyte of Swain, but ever since he became an MLA both have been at loggerheads. Swain, a former minister and four-time MLA, had moved court against rejection of his nomination papers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "11919275", "title": "Violence mars public hearing in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The public hearing fixed for Thursday on environmental problems in seven villages of Gondalpura panchayat under Barkagaon police station in Hazaribag Town Hall was marred by violence, which forced police to resort to lathicharge to control the mob.\"The mob was opposing the public hearing,\" said Hazaribag sadar SDO Binay Kumar Rai. He said the hearing was fixed in consultation with the 'raiyats' of agricultural land for acquisition of 1000 acres of land, where a coal block has been awarded to the Tenughat EMTA power station for exploiting coal from Gondalpura block. This coal block will feed Tenughat EMTA power plant in Bokaro. He said an agreement was reached between the Tenughat Power Corporation and EMTA for setting up a coal mining project for generating power under the joint venture for augmenting power supply to Jharkhand.The company is expected to produce 4 million tonnes of coal per annum for feeding the Tenughat Power station. The public hearing, in which representatives of Tenughat, JSEB, EMTA power director from New Delhi and director of Pollution Control Board (PCB) and the district administration were participating, raiyats, who were allowed to enter the venue, under the banner of Karanpura Sangharsh Bachao Samiti, started protesting against land acquisition by power companies.They claimed that they are depended on three to four crops including vegetable that they grow on their agricultural land for their livelihood The SDO said that despite protests and trouble created by a section of the people the hearing took place as scheduled. Land acquisition proceedings for a compensation of Rs 10 lakh per acre have been recorded on Thursday. He said deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan was supposed to preside over today's meeting. But since he was not available, he directed NREP director SR Tiwary in Hazaribag to preside on his behalf.On the other hand, agitationists who were shouting slogans outside the Town Hall, held the district administration and police responsible for today's violence as the agitators were peaceful. He alleged due to police lathicharge, seven women have received injuries and were taken to hospital for treatment, which was denied by the SDO. Later Ranjan and SP Pankaj Kamboj visited the spot and assured the mob that no land will be forcibly taken away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11926234", "title": "Book Beni Prasad Verma for sub-quota remarks: BJP to EC", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP today complained to the EC against Union steel minister Beni Prasad Verma's remarks on minority sub quota, asking the poll body to book him for allegedly violating the model code of conduct.A BJP delegation comprising Jagat Prakash Nadda, Rajiv Pratap Rudy and Shahnawaz Hussain, along with R Ramakrishna, convener of the party's election cell, met Chief Election Commissioner S Y Qureshi and the two EC's V S Sampath and H S Brahma and submitted a memorandum to them against Verma.\"We have met the Election Commission and lodged our complaint against Verma and sought registration of a case against him for violating the model mode of conduct through his remarks on sub-quota,\" BJP general secretary J P Nadda told reporters while coming out of the commission.\"The ECI should now consider measures more stringent than a mere censure such as prosecution and debarring of the delinquent ministers from electioneering in extraordinary situations such as the present one where lawmakers become lawbreakers,\" the BJP memorandum to EC states.Nadda said it has become a regular feature with the Congress to challenge constitutional authorities. In their complaint, the BJP said, \"It is unfortunate that Union Mministers are being engaged to continue the relay race in making false promises which are packaged in a parallel denigration of the ECI.\"Repeated breach of the MCC (Model Code of Conduct) is itself reprehensible, but what compounds the offence is that the same offence is repeated by different functionaries holding ministerial positions...\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "rakh bagh", "code": "11921143", "title": "City lad takes 2nd rank in judicial exams", "text": "RAKH BAGH: A self-confessed \"moody learner'', Rakh Bagh-resident Himanshu Arora has made Ludhiana puff up with pride as he has bagged the second rank in Haryana Judicial Services, whose result was declared on Thursday morning. The 23-year-old is now looking forward to getting his appointment letter for judicial magistrate first class and start his year-long training.Thursday was a busy day for Himanshu as he answered one call after another from relatives and friends wishing him all the best for a new beginning.Talking about his success, Himanshu said he used to study for about 4-5 hours every day but whenever he was not in the mood to study he would not force himself. \"Generally, I used to make a schedule for myself every morning, setting a target of how much syllabus I wanted to cover in a day. And before going to sleep I tried to ensure I completed it.However, I never let studies become a burden,'' he said. Fond of reading novels, Himanshu said it was one of the things he had to give up for a while so that he could focus on preparing for the exams.An alumnus of Kundan Vidya Mandir, Civil Lines, Himanshu said he took admission in Army Institute of Law, Mohali, and then took some coaching to crack the exam. \"After clearing the preliminary exam, mains and interview I scored 705 marks out of 1,100. In 2010, I had come third in Punjab Judiciary Examination and again appeared in the same exams. I have cleared prelims again and I'm waiting for the main exams' result. I have also appeared in the prelims of Delhi judiciary exams,'' he added.Whenever he hit a roadblock, Himanshu said he would consult his father S K Arora, an additional district and sessions judge in Ludhiana, and mother Seema Arora, a district attorney. \"This success is purely because of his efforts. We are very happy that our son has proved himself,'' said Seema.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "11919390", "title": "Cong-JMM spat over stone pelting", "text": "BOKARO: The Wednesday's stone-pelting by JMM workers on the house of Rajender Singh, leader of the opposition, during a rally organized by JMM MLA Jagannath Mahato has generated strong reaction among Congress workers. Over 500 Congress workers on Thursday staged demonstration in front of Bermo police station demanding arrest of the accused.The Congress leaders have also threatened the administration to intensify their agitation if police do not arrest the accused within 24 hours. Traffic in front of Bermo police station remained disrupted for several hours following demonstrations by the Congress workers causing huge inconvenience to commuters.Congress workers at Nayamore burnt effigy of the government, including the JMM, showing their anger against the incident.\"We condemn the incident triggered by the JMM workers at Singh's residence,\" said Manoj Kumar, a district Congress leader. However, the ongoing war of supremacy between the Congress and the JMM leaders is increasing each day.Leaders of both the parties have taken the Khasmahal Collery incident as a personal insult. Police have lodged two FIRs against Mahto along with his seven supporters and 500 unknown demonstrators for attacking Singh's residence and Congress office near Purana More in Bermo.\"The complainants are Kumar Gaurav, youngest son of Singh, and Amit Singh, a local Youth Congress leader,\" said SP Kuldeep Dwivedi and added they are investigating the case. Apart from the two FIRs the circle officer of Bermo has also lodged a complaint against JMM leaders present during the rally for flouting the norms of seeking permission by Bermo SDO for organizing the rally, said sources.Gaurav said Mahto under a conspiracy has sent his men to attack on them. \"The demonstrators were carrying weapons, sticks and countrymade bombs. Despite police personnel being deployed there, they pelted stones and shouted on us. If police did not arrest the accused within 24 hours, we will not be responsible for the consequences,\" he said. Mahto, on the other hand, said the allegation leveled against him was baseless. It was not his supporters who pelted stones on Singh's residence. It may be their conspiracy to defame him by making false allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11919910", "title": "Work on Princess halts yet again", "text": "PANAJI: Work to cut up the M V River Princess came to a halt yet again, Thursday, with bad weather turning out to be the biggest obstacle in executing the project.Previously, work on the project came to a halt in December, as permission from the customs authorities to bring the ship's scrap to the shore had expired. An official at the Mumbai-based Arihant Ship Breakers told TOI that work again resumed on January 24. \"Since then, we have been able to manage only 10 working days due to extremely bad working conditions,\" the official said.\"We had to stop work again on Thursday at around 12 noon. The workers were severely affected by the wind and the swell in the sea. Divers need ideal conditions to work. It was impossible for them to work with the swollen sea condition,\" the official added.Asked if the company would be able to complete the cutting up of the ship before April, considering the sea condition would turn rough then, the official said, \"It depends on the weather and the sea conditions. I think we will be able to complete the project only by the first week of May.\"The official said 75% of the cutting had been completed. \"What remains is the underwater cutting of the ship, including the engine room. The part of the ship grounded in the sea bed remains to be cut,\" he added.The agreement to cut up the River Princess at a cost of 99 crore was inked on April 25, 2011, although the actual work began on March 14, 2011. River Princess, a 240m-long ore carrier, was grounded off the Sinquerim beach on June 6, 2000, after mysteriously disappearing from the Panaji port. Past efforts by the government to tow it away have been mired in litigations and several unsuccessful attempts.Yet another delay in cutting up the River Princess and the contractor's statement that work may be completed by the first week of May is unacceptable. There has been enough environmental damage and Candolim beach shouldn't have to go through another monsoon with pieces of the rusting ship remaining uncut. The government must ensure that the contractor completes the work before the monsoon begins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "11920420", "title": "\u2018Deepam\u2019 fraud comes to light", "text": "NIZAMABAD: Misuse of 'Deepam' gas connections meant for self-help group and DWCRA women has come to light with some private gas agencies diverting the LPG connections to other consumers by charging huge amounts from them.Shockingly, the district administration has not taken any effective steps to put an end to this racket. For instance, about 800 Deepam connections were diverted to fake DWCRA women by Nizamabad-based Ananth Gas Agency and the civil supplies department officials estimated that the agency had swindled Rs 2.5 crore by diverting the connections to others.Instead of granting gas connections to women group members, the agency prepared a list of fake consumers along with their addresses and phone numbers and started withdrawing the subsidy amount every month. Sources said the agency earned huge amounts by selling each gas connection at Rs 4,000 in the black market. An amount of Rs 1,000 was to be collected from DWCRA women for each Deepam scheme connection, an officer on condition of anonymity said.The civil supplies department had failed to furnish the details of Deepam connections sanctioned to Ananth agency when All India Trade Union Congress (AITUC) sough information under the Right to Information Act (RTI) a few weeks ago. AITUC district general secretary Y Omaiah said the civil supplies officials gave a list of only 25 beneficiaries though the agency sanctioned 800 Deepam connections from consumer number 702028 to 702828. \"The agency has been drawing Rs 200 (both central and state government's subsidy) on each connection and pocketed the money,\" sources said. Blaming the district administration for failing to initiate action even after repeated pleas, AITUC has urged the government to order a vigilance probe into the muddle and register criminal cases against the guilty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11920595", "title": "No takers for Kovai woman rescued from Chennai railway station", "text": "COIMBATORE: The family of the woman who was abandoned at the Chennai railway station by her husband and his girl friend after setting her ablaze has been traced by TOI. Her younger sister and two younger brothers who live in Coimbatore claim the woman left them over 25 years ago. She married thrice and there was no connection with the family, they say.The woman, B Sita, 47, of Poomariamman Kovil Street at CMC colony near Ukkadam in the city, has two brothers and a younger sister. Her younger brother B Vijayakumar, 35, lived with his wife in a small house built in an encroached area. His younger sister B Susila, 32, also lived with Vijayakumar's family. Susila had fought with her husband a year ago and returned to her brother Vijyakumar's house along with her two sons. Another brother, S Baskaran, 42, a government employee lives at Ganapathy in the city.\"Our father Balan and mother Saraswathi were searching for a groom for Sita 25 years ago. She refused to have an arranged marriage and eloped with her lover. Because of this, my parents said that she should not be allowed into the house again. Since then she has not come back home,\" said Vijayakumar.After the marriage, Sita lived with her husband in various parts of the city. Both were rag pickers. Ten years ago, her husband fell ill and died. Then she lived with another man at the platforms in the city, until he abandoned her. Two years ago, she was staying at a platform in CMC colony along with three women who were rag pickers. Three months ago, she started living with another man who took her to Chennai, said the rag pickers who lived with her.\"Two days ago, police personal came to our house and asked about our sister Sita. We have not been in touch with her for the last 25 years. We are not ready to accept her as she created a bad name for our family,\" said Susila.On February 11, Sita was found severely burnt on a platform at the Chetpet railway station. She had been there for nearly two weeks. She was taken to a hospital after an engineer noticed her and alerted the 108 ambulance service. Doctors at the Kilpauk Medical College Hospital, where she was taken to, have described her condition as critical, as she suffered 50% burns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11918412", "title": "Another arrested in toxic liquor tragedy", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A day after arresting a plastic bottle manufacturer for allegedly supplying toxic spirit to city-based Eastern India Pharmaceutical Laboratory, police on Thursday arrested another person from whom the former had purchased the raw material.The accused Dilip Padhee is owner of a homeopathic medicine store at Cuttack. Manoj Pattnaik, who was arrested on Wednesday, had procured 135 liters of spirit from Padhee and gave it to the medicine firm for preparation of Epeecarm and Cinnamon, whose consumption allegedly led to 35 deaths in Cuttack and Bhubaneswar recently. The pharmaceutical unit at Rasulgarh was sealed in the wake of the tragic deaths.Police seized two bottles filled with spirit from Padhee. \"We have sent the spirit for tests,\" a police officer said. The design of the seized bottles matched that of the 290 odd empty bottles recovered from a scrap dealer at Uttara on Wednesday. Pattnaik had disposed off the bottles after supplying the alcohol to the drug company.\"Padhy confessed that he provided nearly 300 bottles of spirit to Pattnaik. Since the raw material supplied by him was used to prepare the medicines, we arrested him. However, he claimed to have no direct contact with the drug manufacturing unit,\" the police officer said.With this, twin city police have so far arrested 14 persons, including six employees of the drug company following the toxic liquor tragedy. Besides, the excise sleuths have so far rounded up nearly 525 people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11919100", "title": "Ban mining in Goa, Ratnagiri: Expert panel", "text": "MUMBAI: An indefinite moratorium on new environmental clearances for mining in the ecologically sensitive zone (ESZ) in Goa and Ratnagiri and Sindhudurg districts in Maharashtra has been recommended by the Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel (WGEEP).It has also recommended a ban on new licences for quarrying and sand mining.The panel led by ecologist Madhav Gadgil has categorized the Western Ghats into three zones of varied ecological sensitivity-ESZ I, ESZ II and ESZ III-based on a careful analysis done by its members.It has suggested that in ESZ I, all mining must be phased out by 2016. In Ratnagiri, ESZ I includes Devrukh and Chiplun talukas and in Sindhudurg, it includes Kankavli and Sawantwadi.For all the zones, the WGEEP panel has recommended no new hill stations should be allowed and Special Economic Zones should not be permitted. Also public lands must not be converted to private lands.The report was submitted to the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) in August last year. But the ministry had refused to put it in the public domain on the plea that it had sought comments on the report from various government departments of the six states through which the Western Ghats pass, namely Gujarat, Maharashtra, Goa, Karnataka, Kerala and Tamil Nadu. Recently, following a PIL in the Bombay High Court, MoEF was directed to submit the report to the court which it did.Activist Sumaira Abdulali who filed the PIL said the fact that former Union environment minister Jairam Ramesh commissioned the report showed that the Western Ghats need to be protected. \"After the report comes out, the government refuses to share it with stakeholders. It refused to provide a copy under the RTI Act. Then it made an appeal in court that it does not want to share it nor even the list of reasons for doing so. It shows how committed the government is in not including stakeholders in decision making,'' she said.Of the 200-odd talukas in Maharashtra, 32 talukas in the ten districts of Thane, Pune, Nashik, Raigad, Ratnagiri, Sindhdurga, Kolhapur, Satara, Ahmednagar and Nandurbar have been recommended for the status of ESZ I. Four have been assigned to ESZ II and 14 to ESZ III. The reason: in these 50 talukas, more than 50% is covered by the Western Ghats.Six other talukas in the same ten districts where the area covered by the Western Ghats is less than 50% have been assigned to ESZ 1 and 23 to ESZ II. The report has also called for a cumulative impact analysis of various development activities in the plains and coastal tracts in these districts, Raigad and Goa, as they are under severe environmental and social stress. It has suggested the National Institute of Oceanography, Goa, undertake the study.The report has also suggested the setting up of a Western Ghats Environmental Authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11919130", "title": "Kasab\u2019s diary reaches SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: A diary, which sailed with Ajmal Kasab and nine other terrorists from Karachi and provided them with crucial sea coordinates to reach Mumbai on November 26, 2008 along with locations to attack, ended its eventful journey on Thursday when it landed on the table of two Supreme Court judges, who will take the final call on award of death sentence to the lone surviving gunman.The diary -- a flip-up, ruled note book filled up by the gang leader - listed a 24-hour roster for guard duty during the three-day sea journey and stocks of ration and ammunition. It also contained the locations for attack - Colaba, Cuffe Parade, Machimar Nagar, Rajabhai Tower, Regal Chowk, Nathabhai Marg, Nariman Point, WTC (at Cuffe Parade) and Regal Cinema.When senior advocate Gopal Subramaniam and public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam handed over the original diary, a bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Chandramauli Kumar Prasad went through it keenly. Justice Alam's knowledge of Urdu, the language used to make entries in the diary, came handy as he could point out minor discrepancies in the Hindi translation of the contents.A number - 23270972879217 -- noted on top of a page in the diary, a copy of which is with TOI, evoked much interest of the bench. It wanted to know its significance from Subramaniam, who said he would consult the investigating officers and let the court know.Subramaniam said Kasab's counsel in the trial court had admitted to the translation of the diary's contents except for the word \"mujahid\", which had been encircled in red. He said the entries in the diary established that Kasab was part of the gang that had clear instructions to launch attacks on crowded places in Mumbai and kill as many people as possible to strike terror among Indians.The diary contains code words to be used by the terrorists while communicating through satellite phones with their masters in Pakistan without arousing suspicion even when the conversation was intercepted by intelligence agencies. If the situation is alright (halat theek hai), it was to be referred to as fishes are plenty (machhli lag rahi hai); for 'civilian boat', the code was 'bhai log'; for 'naval boat' it was 'yar log'; 'naval ship' was 'yar logon ka group', engine was machine, and journey was ice (burf).The diary entries showed that the terrorist group had local contact numbers, local satellite phone numbers, photocopy of maps, SIM cards for satellite phones, two pistols, mineral water bottles, 10 kg of good quality khajur (dates), spare phone charger, GPS devices and satellite phones apart from explosives and ration. The satellite phones were seized from merchant vessel Kuber, which was hijacked by the terrorists on the Arabian Sea near Porbandar on November 23, 2008 and used to reach Mumbai.Kasab was caught by the police on the night of November 26. While the NSG was carrying out an operation to neutralize the terrorists holed up in hotels Taj and Trident, the police was taking Kasab in the dead of the night on November 28 and 29, 2008 to various places to get details of the terror module and its masterminds, the court was told.The satellite phones and the GPS devices were examined by FBI's forensic and electronic device expert Daniel Jackson during February 11-18, 2009 and he gave a detailed report mapping the sea route taken by the terrorists from Karachi to reach Mumbai and revealed that they had also mapped their return journey.The arguments will resume on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11919445", "title": "Shiv Sena hopes to retain power, BJP wants mayor's chair", "text": "NASHIK: Despite breaking away from its alliance with BJP and deciding to contest the the NMC polls with the RPI (A), the Shiv Sena is hopeful of retaining power in the Nashik Municipal Corporation. And it is hoping that it will be able to do so by forging a post-poll alliance with the BJP.After breaking a decade-long alliance, the Shiv Sena and the BJP contested the elections separately. Polling for 122 NMC seats was held on Thursday. The Shiv Sena had tied up with Republican Party of India (Athawale) and both contested 105 and 17 seats, respectively, while BJP contested a total of 103 seats. \"Our main rival was Congress-NCP alliance and I am confident that we would definitely get the majority and retain the power in Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC),\" Nashik city chief of Shiv Sena Arjun Tile told TOI.\"Shiv Sena and RPI combine will definitely win around 53 seats, while BJP is expected to win more seats as compared to that of last elections (in 2007). The Shiv Sena is expected to win at least 45 seats, while RPI is expected to get around eight seats. Shiv Sena, RPI and BJP will definitely get the majority and will form power in the Nashik Municipal Corporation,\" said Tile.In 2007 elections held for 108 seats of NMC, Shiv Sena and BJP had won 26 and 14 seats, respectively, while Congress and NCP had won 21 and 17 seats, respectively. MNS had won 12 seats, BSP-3, SP-1, RPI (A)-2, others-2 and independents had won 10 seats.Meanwhile, the Bharatiya Janata Party is still upbeat about the results as the office-bearers claim that the mayor will be from their party.\"The elections were held peacefully but were marred with number of bogus voters being detected at many places. The number of bogus voters who have not been detected-or gone unnoticed-is worrisome for the election process,\" claimed BJP city unit president Lakshman Savji.Rajendra Phadke, the party observer, claimed that the party's decision to go alone has seen lot of enthusiasm among the party activists. This was also supported by the citizens and \"we are confident that the party will scale good numbers of seats,\" Phadke said, even as he refused to reveal any figure in particular.Lakshman Savji exhibited confidence saying that the party had faired very well in the elections and will command the house. \"We will have our mayor in the chair,\" Savji said, adding that Shiv Sena was never an alien to the party.Congress city chief Akash Chhajed said, \"Overall the municipal elections were good this year. People have come out in good numbers for voting. People have been very enthusiastic about voting for Congress-NCP-RPI. We are sure to get the majority. We did not feel any kind of competition from any party. Real voting has taken place this time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11918764", "title": "Automen ferry senior citizens to booths", "text": "PUNE: A large number of voters found autorickshaws more than willing to take them to polling centres in several parts of the city. Private four-wheelers too stopped by to offer lifts to voters, especially in areas like Tadiwala Road, Patil Estate and Bopodi.Auto drivers in Shivajinagar area said instead of their usual duties, they decided to ferry voters to polling booths. \"We assisted the voters not to impress them, but to offer them a service. A large number of voters were senior citizens and we felt that it was our duty to take them to polling booths so that they can easily exercise their right. There were at least five auto drivers in the area who decided to offer such service,\" said auto driver Ashok Rasne.Suresh Dhingre, another auto driver, said, \"We begun our services around 8 am and continued till 5.30 pm. Voters said it helped save time.\"Local party workers had booked private vehicles to take voters to polling booths. A political party worker from Tadiwala Road said about 10 private vehicles were booked to take voters to polling booths. Senior citizens and women were given preferences. The voters were given basic knowledge of how to vote on an electronic voting machine.A policeman on duty in Railway Lines area said, \"We did not allow private vehicles to enter 100 m from a polling booth. Only senior citizens were allowed to go to the booth on vehicles. The automen and drivers of private vehicles cooperated. There was no complaint registered against the drivers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11926568", "title": "Felt great to give my first autograph in India: Shahvaar Ali Khan", "text": "Pakistani musician Shahvaar Ali Khan is thrilled. While attending his college friend Rohit Dhawan's recent and much-hyped wedding in Goa, Shahvaar signed his first autograph in India, in the presence of Bollywood stars like Ranbir Kapoor and Jackky Bhagnani.Shahvaar says, \"Had it not been for my Trinity College friend, director Rohit Dhawan's instant intuitive ability to gauge novel music and compassionate encouragement of David (Dhawan) Uncle, my track Filmein Shilmein would have never featured in the background score of Akshay Kumar , John Abraham and Deepika Padukone starrer Desi Boyz.\"He adds, \"Despite the movie getting an adult rating at the last minute that affected its business, the film's music has been received with aplomb - this speaks volumes of Rohit's sense for new age mainstream music above and beyond Pritam sir's magic with his melodies and the little impact of my composition Filmein Shilmein.\"Shahvaar admits that though Bollywood was never on the cards for him it has always been a secret dream, and he was amazed with John's humility during Rohit's weekend wedding in Goa. He says, \"John thanked me for the song that primarily featured in his scenes, even before I could thank him for giving my voice a face!\"Shahvaar is hearted by the fact that this background song in the film is becoming somewhat visible here. \"The buzz about my song Filmein Shilmen has been insane back home in Pakistan though,\" he says.The young musician describes his classic autograph moment in Goa during coffee with Rohit and his mutual friends Ranbir Kapoor, Jackky Bhagnani and upcoming director Vicky Singh. Says an elated Shahvaar, \"A waiter came in the room to serve us coffee - while I assumed it was normal of him to ask Ranbir/Jackky for their autographs as established celebrities, I have no qualms about accepting the fact that I was quite startled to have been asked for an autograph amidst stars like Ranbir and others, sitting in Goa far from my home in Lahore - I guess Filmein Shilmein Chalein Gi, Hum Gaane Shaane Gain Ge!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11920277", "title": "Man of many frames is here", "text": "CHENNAI: The man who has spent close to 50 years photographing people and places hates having his picture taken. \"I don't look at the camera when it's pointed at me,\" says acclaimed photographer Raghu Rai.Rai is in Chennai for his first solo show though he has been visiting the city from the 1970s, initially on assignment as a photojournalist and later as a photographer who captured images of everyday life.\"I am not fond of exhibitions. I find them very time-consuming,\" he says. \"Many traditional galleries don't see photography as art,\" says Rai, whose work is on show at Apparao Galleries till March 5.The front room of the gallery is filled with photographs of the late Carnatic vocalist M S Subbulakshmi in concert and an unusual one of her sitting beside the packed-up instruments after a show. His series on the late veena artist S Balachander are varied: some are candid shots of him practicing, others are set-up shots to illustrate a concept.\"I enjoy shooting musicians and in Mamallapuram,\" he says, pointing to a photograph of Balachander practising beside the huge boulder called Krishna's Butter Ball. \"I wanted to show how his notes crashed like rocks so I set up that shoot, but it is the clouds and the people in the distance who add to the photograph. Nature plays its magic to take a concept further,\" says Rai, who wanted to be a musician as a child, and loves classical music.The 32 photographs on display range from bulls threshing wheat near Humayun's Tomb in the 1960s to portraits of Subbulakshmi and Balachander through the 1980s and 1990s to rather kitschy pictures shot in Tirupati last year. There are black-and-white images of Pandit Hari Prasad Chaurasia practising, artist M F Husain caught during an exhibition and a close-up of philosopher Jiddu Krishnamurti.Rai says the development of digital techniques has made printmaking fast and easy, and the proliferation of galleries has opened up more opportunities for photographers. \"You can scan old negatives, correct them and with the press of one button, you have a show,\" says Rai, who is most famous for his haunting images of the Bhopal Gas Tragedy.Rai says a photograph's purpose is very different from that of art or writing. \"As photographers, we capture energy, interaction, environment; we show that this is how we live today. History can be written and re-written to reflect whatever you want and an artist can paint the sky green but a photo shows it as it is,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11918632", "title": "Red Ribbon Express chugs into state today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: To spread awareness about AIDS, the Red Ribbon Express will chug into the state for a 16-day trip on Friday. The train will have two-day halts in Vadodara, Ahmedabad, Patan, Surendranagar, Hapa (Jamnagar), Bhavnagar and Valsad.The train will be in Ahmedabad on February 28 and 29. The express train, which was flagged off from Delhi on January 12 as a part of the third edition of nation-wide HIV/AIDS awareness campaign, will leave Gujarat for Maharasthra on March 3.\"Various programmes for betterment of the people living with HIV/AIDS are being carried out in the state,\" minister of state for health Parbat Patel told reporters.In 2008, when the train was in the state for 35 days, it had attracted 1.27 lakh visitors and in 2010, it had drawn 1.20 lakh people.The train has one coach on counseling and another one for conducting trainings of local stakeholders such as members of panchayat, self help groups, health workers, youth organizations, teachers, police personnel etc.Those who are not able to come to the train will be reached through the exhibitions in IEC vans and folk troupes which will travel in the periphery of the districts through which the train will pass.The third edition of the train will focus on rural Gujarat with an objective of disseminating information regarding primary prevention services, developing an understanding about the infection to reduce the stigma and discrimination against people living with HIV/AIDS.The on-board planned activities include interactive exhibition carrying messages on health, HIV and AIDS, sensitization and training on health, HIV and AIDS, counseling and testing facilities, general health check up, STI treatment and referral service among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11919823", "title": "Cab drivers choke Salt Lake road", "text": "KOLKATA: Taxi drivers on Thursday blocked a busy arterial road in Salt Lake after the Bidhannagar Police cracked down on illegally parked taxis. The taxis were responsible for regular traffic snarls in front of the City Centre mall.After the formation of the commissionerate last month, Bidhannagar police commissioner Rajeev Kumar had said that parking restrictions would be laid down in Salt Lake to decongest the township.Earlier this week, traffic cops repeatedly warned the cab drivers of action if they continued to park taxis illegally. But with the cab drivers refusing to heed the warning seriously, the police launched a crackdown on Thursday. They confiscated documents from a number of taxis that were parked on the road in front of City Centre.Following the action, cab drivers under the banner of CITU blocked the road for about 20 minutes. The blockade was lifted only after senior policemen arrived at the spot and assured them that 10 taxis would be allowed at the standthat the blockade was lifted.The police further said that parking restrictions would be publicized at all major roads in the township before being enforced. With very few no parking zones in Salt Lake, traffic snarls are common along its narrow streets as cars are parked haphazardly.Incidentally, police attempted to clear the traffic snarl at Sector-V by imposing one-way restrictions but had to withdraw it after a couple of days as the experimentation led to even worse traffic jams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11919156", "title": "Nepal PM to open global summit today", "text": "PATNA: Heavy security arrangements involving 1500 pairs of boots is being made in view of the arrival of VIPs to attend the three-day 'Global Summit on Changing Bihar', scheduled to be opened at the S K Memorial Hall by Nepal PM Baburam Bhattarai at 3pm on Friday.Normal traffic will not be allowed on Bailey Road, Dak Bungalow Road, Fraser Road and Gandhi Maidan circular road. Barricades have been put up on the stretch from the airport to the summit venue. The locals, including the passengers approaching Patna Junction and the city airport, are likely to face hardship during the period.Bhattarai, who is visiting Bihar for the first time as PM, will arrive on Friday and return the same evening. Chief minister Nitish Kumar is likely to receive him at the airport and host a banquet in his honour later. Bhattarai will be accompanied by an 18-member delegation, including his ministers.Police on Thursday carried out a security drill from the airport to the venue. A large number of magistrates has been deputed for law and order, a top cop said and added securitymen would also be deployed at hotels where the VIPs would stay. The Nepal PM will stay at the Raj Bhavan for a brief period.Several industry and trade honchos, intellectuals and policymakers as well as representatives from 20-odd countries will attend the summit, organized to brand Bihar and create an investment-friendly atmosphere in the state. Except for the inaugural and a special plenary sessions, which will be held at the hall, other sessions and workshops on Saturday and Sunday will be held at a posh hotel. tnnThe summit is being jointly organized by the Bihar Foundation, ADRI and Delhi-based Institute of Human Development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11920038", "title": "Will CPM quit panchayats before polls?", "text": "KOLKATA: Two CPM state committee members, one from Haldia and the other from West Midnapore, have gone missing . Another party heavyweight from Hooghly is absent in the party state conference because of his reported indisposition.Hundreds among the party ranks have criminal charges slapped on them or are unable to come back to their homes, resulting in a situation that the Bengal Marxists didn't face during their long stint in government. Party leaders have the tough task of motivating the activists when most (95.6%) joined the party while CPM was in government. They need to adapt to the changing times.In a turn of events since the 2003 panchayat pools, when the opposition (Trinamool and Congress) could not field candidates in many panchayat areas, the CPM is facing a similar challenge now.Consider Bankura. CPM has a majority in the zilla parishad, panchayat samitis and the gram panchayats. Yet the scene at the grassroots has undergone a sea change after the 2011 assembly elections.Delegates from Bankura pointed out the elected CPM gram pradhans are being \"coerced\" to sign important financial proposals on rural development that the pradhan doesn't agree to.A number of delegates complained that the BDOs are often taking sides and pursuing the projects, ignoring the pradhan. They fear that the Trinamool might put the pradhans in trouble by implicating them in corruption because the pradhans do not have any control over expenditure.Delegates from Bankura and Burdwan want these pradhans to put in their papers and go on the offensive against the Mamata Banerjee government, well ahead of the panchayat polls. They want Alimuddin Street to come to a conclusion in this regard.District leaders want to go on the offensive, but the question is ground reality to carve out their own course of opposition. But that is often missing.A delegate from North 24-Praganas recounted how the state committee members in the district party have often imposed decisions to resolve differences in the party district secretariat and the district committee. He held that the same procedure is being followed in the lower rungs, though the draft political-organizational report speaks against such trend.The process apart, delegates feel that the party needs a credible face and the raw courage to carry the cadres and the people. Despite criticisms, a large chunk of middle-ranking leaders still bank on Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee to play the leading role. It is another matter whether this politburo member who skipped quite a few politburo meetings due to his failing health is ready to take the challenge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11918774", "title": "At 55%, Thane far better than Mumbai, but worse than 2007", "text": "Close to 55% of eligible voters turned up to exercise their franchise in Thane on Thursday in the municipal corporation poll, which was a slight drop from the turnout of 56.65% in 2007.The civic election here is seen as a direct referendum on the Sena-BJP's popularity in this predominantly Marathi-speaking township, especially in the wake of the tough challenges posed by Raj Thackeray's MNS and the Congress-NCP combine.The polling process was by and large peaceful, barring isolated incidents of bogus voting at Kapurbawdi and Kharegaon and clashes between rival parties at Vartak Nagar and Kalwa. The densely populated minority pocket of Mumbra-Kausa witnessed brisk voting early in the day. No incidents of violence were reported there either.Shiv Sena MLA Pratap Sarnaik reportedly got involved in a minor scuffle with a party worker who was accused of garnering support for a rival candidate. In Kalwa, NCP functionaries, led by party leader Milind Patil, allegedly badgered activists of Sena candidate Bapu Gaikar.Most parties keenly took to technology for the poll. Their workers were seen sitting with laptops at roadside tables, guiding voters to booths. \"It is simpler and more appealing than browsing through the big logbook, searching for the names and numbers of voters. I had a problem locating my booth at Panchpakhadi but the party activist came to my rescue and traced my booth from the data stored on a laptop. That was very cool,\" said voter Sandeep S.The voter turnout in the lake city was initially brisk. In the first two hours, 11% of eligible voters had cast their ballot, raising hopes that the participation would cross 60% by the end of the day.First-time voters, especially college-going girls, were seen queueing outside polling booths, anxiously awaiting their turn to get the electoral stain on the index finger. \"I did not want to miss this opportunity to be a part of the democratic system. I have been waiting for this moment,\" said Sonali Panchal, a student of Joshi Bedekar College, while waiting for her turn at the polling centre at Gamdevi maidan.Rumours of booth-capturing and bogus voting triggered momentary anxiety in the city, especially in Khareagaon and Kalwa belt. The police had to resort to lathi-charge after a BJP worker sought to prevent the election staff from taking out EVM machines to a central place.Top police officials said confusion prevailed in a polling booth at Kapurbawdi, where the election official refused to register a formal complaint against a bogus voter. The polling officer insisted that the police constable on duty at the booth file a complaint. A heated argument ensued between the police and the election official, with each citing the law book in an attempt to shrug responsibility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11920297", "title": "Soon, a simple blood test to reveal your lifespan and pace of ageing", "text": "NEW DELHI: Want to know how long you may live? A simple blood test - like the one that calculates cholesterol - will soon offer Indians a clue to their longevity and pace of ageing.The test, to be available in India this year, measures Telomeres - protective caps at the end of chromosome that are the best indicators of biological age as against chronological age.Scientists say the length of Telomeres is crucial in deciding biological age.There is extensive scientific evidence showing the strong correlation between the percentage of short Telomeres and the risk of developing diseases associated with ageing such as cancer, cardiovascular diseases and Alzheimer's.Similarly, lifestyle habits (nutrition, obesity and exercise) are increasingly being shown to impact telomere length. The finding that human chromosomes are protected by Telomeres had won the Nobel Prize for Medicine in 2009.Dr Jerry Shay, professor of cell biology at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center who has been instrumental in creating this blood test, told TOI during his India visit last week, \"Now, more Indians believe in healthy living. Many would want to know how healthy their cells are and how long they may live. Telomeres are essential in preserving the regenerative capacity of different tissues and organs and significantly contribute to ageing when they become short. The blood test will tell the length of Telomeres.\"Dr Shay's technology known as Telomapping determines the length of Telomeres of every single cell in biopsies and all tissues, such as skin. However, the test will be a costly affair at around $500. According to scientists, biological age is more than important chronological age. No wonder, some people look younger that they actually are.Dr Shay, who is associated with Life Length - the Telomere testing company based in Spain - said, \"Telomeres act like a clock of the cell's lifespan. Reduction in Telomere length means the cell's lifespan is shortening. Long telomeres are related to healthy ageing and overall longevity.\"He added, \"A short Telomere represents a persistent and non-repairable damage to the cells, which is able to prevent their division or regeneration. The Telomere length test will tell whether the percentage of short Telomeres of a person is within normality for a given age or indicates a younger or older biological age.\"Dr Shay said Telomeres progressively shortens over life. \"We also know that Telomeres are genetically inherited. Every child inherits 23 chromosomes from the mother and 23 from the father. At the end of each chromosome, there are around 92 Telomeres. Telomeres are like the plastic ends of a shoelace. As the plastic ends shred, the shoelace becomes frayed and damaged. Similarly the shortening of our telomeres can leave our cells vulnerable to damage.\"Interestingly, the findings of a study involving nearly 20,000 Danes announced on Thursday showed that there is a direct link between Telomere length and heart diseases.A team of researchers from the University of Copenhagen isolated each individual's DNA to analyze their specific telomere length - a measurement of cellular aging.\"The risk of heart attack or early death is present whether Telomeres are shortened due to lifestyle or due to high age,\" said professor of genetic epidemiology Borge Nordestgaard from the University of Copenhagen.The study followed people for about 19 years and the conclusion was clear: If the Telomere length was short, the risk of heart attack and early death was increased by 50% and 25%, respectively.\"That smoking and obesity increases the risk of heart disease has been known for a while. We have now shown that the increased risk is directly related to the shortening of the protective telomeres - hence, smoking and obesity ages the body on a cellular level, just as surely as the passage of time,\" says Nordestgaard. \"Stress reduces Telomere length,\" Dr Shay said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "11920540", "title": "13 hurt in Bhiwani village at DJ bash", "text": "ROHTAK: High decibel music played by DJs, believed to be the trigger for violent clashes at functions in villages, once again led to a fight in Nawan Dhani village of Bhiwani village, leaving 13 people injured.Panchayts of nearly 100 villages have already banned performances by DJs in their area, claiming that boisterous youngsters invariably end up quarrelling during such bashes.This incident occurred on Tuesday night during the pre-wedding party of one Narender. Some of the tipsy youth, enjoying the thumping numbers played by the DJs, apparently went wild.While one group alleged that the youngsters were passing lewd remarks at passersby, but Narender maintained that the guests were enjoying dancing when the neighbours' family began pelting them with stones.Police said that 13 persons, including women, were injuries in the clash, in which sticks, rods and stones were used. Among the injured are Om Prakash , Raj Kumar, Jagmal Singh, Mamta, Prem Singh, Asha and Chhoti from one group, and Ishwar, Dharamvir, Mahesh, Vijender, Amichand and Urmila from the rival side. Most of the injured were admitted to Bhiwani civil hospital, while Om Prakash, whose condition was serious, was referred to the PGIMS, Rohtak.Bhiwani Sadar SHO Mauji Ram said a case has been registered and the statements of those involved in the clash were being recorded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11920014", "title": "Democracy's dance pace now hastens", "text": "PANAJI: Goa is just two weeks away from deciding who will govern the state in the next five years. With a sudden spurt in the number of political parties contesting the polls, multi-cornered battles are on the cards though the main fight for power will be between Congress and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). But with the general mood in the state looking for a change, Congress seems to be in trouble.A well-prepared BJP, waiting to capitalize on the anti-Congress sentiments on corruption and for lack of development in the last five years, has smelt power. The mood in the party is upbeat. BJP's confidence emerges from the fact that it has succeeded in forging an alliance with Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP)- Goa's oldest regional party-in an attempt to wrest power from the Congress.MGP has been allotted eight seats while BJP is contesting around 28 seats while supporting independent candidates in the remaining constituencies. On the other hand, Congress, as expected has tied up with the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP). Congress is contesting 33 seats leaving 7 to its alliance partner. In the last assembly elections held in 2007, Congress had won 16 seats followed closely by BJP with 14 seats, NCP 3, MGP 2, Save Goa Front 2, United Goans Democratic Party 1 and two independents.The Congress-led government headed by Digambar Kamat was formed with the support of NCP and MGP and one independent Vishwajit Rane in June 2007. After a coup attempt by the BJP failed, SGF merged with the Congress and UGDP also joined the government. At the end of the four and a half years, Kamat proved to be the only chief minister to complete the full term since Goa attained statehood in 1987.Multi-party democracy!All the major political parties including Congress, BJP,NCP, in their desperation to win by all means, have given tickets to cashrich persons.Ignoring the sentiments of their cadre, the parties have gone to the extent of loaning candidates to their coalition partners, following the mantra of winnability. Of the 7 seats NCP is contesting, three candidates are from the Congress. MGP and BJP have also swapped one or two seats to facilitate side entry for their 'winnable' candidates. The richest candidate is Dinar Tarcar who has huge stakes in mining and real estate. In 2007 he was the main challenger to opposition leader Manohar Parrikar for the Panaji seat losing the battle by around 1500 votes. A few months ago, as chairman of Public Accounts Committee, Parrikar had named Tarcar in the illegal mining scam report.But going by the prevailing situation, Tarcar knocked on the doors of the BJP to contest from Santa Cruz constituency. To avoid embarrassment, the BJP gave the Santa Cruz seat which it was to contest as per the seat sharing formula, to the MGP and along with it came Tarcar. The political line-up has now crystallized, with 215 candidates remaining in the fray for the 40-member assembly.An extra ordinary candidate who made news recently is activist priest Fr Bismarque Dias. No doubt there are many independents and rebel candidates some of whom will withdraw on February 16. Congress, thanks to its mismanagement, will be more affected by rebels than other parties. So, why are there so many candidates in the fray? One reason is that many political parties are testing the Goa waters for the first time. Candidates have been fielded by Mamata Banerjee's Trinamool Congress (TC), Mulayam Singh Yadav's Samajwadi Party (SP), Sharad Yadav's Janata Dal (U) (JD-U), Ram Vilas Paswan's Lok Janshakti Party (LJP), and the Socialist Democratic Party of India (SDI) backed by the Popular Front of India (PFI), a confederation of Muslim organizations.Besides, there are some regional parties like UGDP and the recently re-launched Goa Vikas Party of the mercurial Francisco (Mickky) Pacheco. There are also some organizations and village groups,many of which are linked to the saffron satellite organizations, which have also upped the ante against the Kamat government. The local organizations are expected to eat into the Congress' Catholic vote bank in Salcete, Mormugao and Bardez talukas.One following the other, parties have pitch-forked to seek a pie in the 40-seat assembly and are trying to cash in on the anti-Congress sentiments building up in the state. Issues such as the illegal mining, deeprooted corruption, controversial Regional Plan 2021, medium of instructions, lack of development, and infighting in the Congress are likely to hit the Congress hard.Family raj politics", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11920396", "title": "Metro rail project: Squatters to get ex-gratia", "text": "HYDERABAD: In order to acquire land for the metro rail project, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has decided to extend compensation in the form of ex gratia payments to owners of assigned land, government land vested with municipalities and land falling under Urban Land Ceiling Act (ULC). Around 220 landowners are expected to benefit from the move.The decision was taken by a committee which has been appointed by the municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department to deal with such properties on the metro rail corridors.There are 83 such properties on the Musheerabad-Chikkadpally stretch, 45 on Kali Khabar road, 40 on Ameerpet road and 70 at Krishna Nagar.Civic officials said that about 50 structures occupy government land vested with municipality (GVM) on the Musheerabad-Chikkadpally stretch which has stood there for quite some time now. Although some pattas had been handed out decades back, they were not included in the town survey and land records.This stretch falls under the metro rail corridor-II (JBS to Falaknuma). \"If a trader loses the entire property through land acquisition, he would be given a shop at a municipal complex,\" officials said.The 40 properties on Ameerpet main road have been designated as assigned land in government records. On Kali Khabar road, which again falls under corridor 2, nearly 45 properties have been notified as government land. However, the occupants here have constructed buildings and been staying there for close to seven decades.On corridor III (Nagole-Shilparamam), over 70 properties in Krishna Nagar fall under the ULC Act. None of the occupants has got ULC clearance. Officials have decided to give ex gratia allowances to the occupants here on the basis of their documents and other evidences.\"As per the rules, unless a property owner produces ownership documents, he is not entitled to compensation. Based on documents submitted by the occupants, it has been decided that ex gratia payments would be made as per government's directions,\" GHMC additional commissioner (planning) K Dhananjaya Reddy told TOI.The MA&UD; department had in June constituted a four-member committee to fix compensation for occupants of GVM and other assigned properties. The committee comprises GHMC additional commissioner K Dhananjaya Reddy, the GHMC land acquisition officer, manager (land management) of Hyderabad Metro Rail and executive engineer of the metro corridor.The GHMC has so far acquired about 700 of the 1,400 properties that fall on roads that are to be widened to 100 feet for the metro rail project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11919751", "title": "BJP's Glen Ticlo flays Narvekar", "text": "MAPUSA: BJP Aldona candidate Glen Ticlo criticised MLA Dayanand Narvekar for neglecting the constituency despite being in the ruling party. Addressing supporters in Aldona, he appealed to people to vote for BJP.\"Constructing only gymnasiums cannot be called development. Development should be people-centric with benefits to all,\" Ticlo said. \"Give me a chance to solve issues of electricity shortage and unemployment. I also promise to bring all-round development,\" Ticlo said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "male", "code": "11921428", "title": "President bro says Maldives govt not legit, quits", "text": "MALE: President Mohamed Waheed Hassan's brother, the deputy high commissioner of the Maldives to the UK, has resigned and asked his brother to follow suit, calling his new government as \"illegitimate\".\"I have resigned from my post of deputy high commissioner as of now. I have resigned because I cannot serve a regime that has brought down the democratically elected government of my country in a coup d'etat,\" said Naushad Waheed Hassan. \"Some of you may question why I have not resigned before. When the coup was unfolding in the early hours of February 7, my initial reaction was to resign immediately,\" he said.However, as you all know, Since the leader of the current regime, Mohamed Waheed Hassan, is my own brother. So I decided to take time to make my own enquiries before I came to a conclusion. And it is with a heavy heart that I have to say that this is indeed an illegitimate government and I cannot be party to it,\" When asked about his brother's resignation, president Waheed said, \"My brother. He was appointed by the former president and so you know where his loyalties are. And so if he has decided to quit, I respect his decision.\"\"This is a small country and so you will find that in a house, there are people who belong to different political parties. So it does not surprise me\". But when asked on the personal accusations made by his brother, the President said, \"I have no comments\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11918638", "title": "0.37 per cent of people in Gujarat have AIDS", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat has been ranked as a state with moderate prevalent rate when it comes to HIV/AIDS spread in the state.The state according to health department officials has around 0.37 per cent of the people suffering from HIV/AIDS. Officials said that this has fallen from 0.41 per cent to 0.37 per cent.They further said that about 69,978 patients suffering from HIV/AIDS were registered with the health department to get treatment. Surat, Navsari, Dahod, Banaskantha and Mehsana are the districts where the number of patients was very high. Moreover, there were high prevalence rate in Ahmedabad, Vadodara, Rajkot and Bhavnagar also.The Gujarat State AIDS Control Society, Ahmedabad said the reasons for high HIV-positive patients in these districts were urbanization, and also the large number of migrant labourers.Officials said where ever it was noticed that there was large number of migrant population including labourers, the number of HIV patients was also more in these areas.The officials also said that the state has been given a target of distributing safety measures like condoms to a population of 2.2 crore. The society claims to have reached the target with the help from NGOs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11919918", "title": "GGEA seeks proper provision for poll staff", "text": "PANAJI: Stating that polling staff, particularly female employees engaged in performing election duty, face hardships due to lack of proper provisions for stay and transport, the Goa government employees' association (GGEA) has, in a memorandum, asked the state election commission to make adequate arrangements for the same.M L Shetkar, president of GGEA, accompanied by John Nazareth, general secretary, met the joint chief electoral officer (CEO) Narayan Navti on February 14 in his office at Altinho and handed over a representation requesting him to make adequate arrangements to the polling staff.GGEA informed the joint chief electoral officer that during the last assembly elections, lots of complaints were received by GGEA about inadequate arrangements of basic requirements such as toilets, provision for night stay, separate provision for stay of women and non-provision of transport to their residences after the polling duties among other issues.GGEA has said that there have been instances where some female employees had reached home after midnight. The association pointed out that after performing poll duty, the polling party is fatigued and exhausted.GGEA pointed out to the provisions of the Election Commission of India that has laid certain guidelines to be followed by the district election officers and returning officers for providing basic facilities for all polling staff. GGEA has requested the Jt CEO to make adequate arrangements and give advance intimation to those concerned so that they perform their duties in a hassle-free manner and in right earnest.Navti assured GGEA that the necessary instructions would be issued to the district election officers and returning officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11919358", "title": "Police declare 79 booths sensitive, 5,000-strong force to keep vigil of city", "text": "NASHIK: A strong force of nearly 5,000 police personnel has taken charge of the city to ensure that the polls to the Nashik Municipal Corporation election are held in a free and fair atmosphere.However, 79 polling booths in the city have been identified as sensitive ones. According to the police officials an additional force has been deployed at such polling stations. On Wednesday, the police again conducted the route march in the sensitive areas of the city like the Bhadrakali area, ward seven and 39, to ensure voters about the police presence in good numbers to tackle any untoward incident.Informing more in this regard, deputy commissioner of police, Sahebrao Patil said that apart from the local police as many as 40 police sub inspectors, eight officers of the rank of deputy superintendents and 265 police officers, and 1009 home guards have been deployed all across the city.Meanwhile, the special focus of the police will be on areas like Bhadrakali, Gangapur and Panchavati where a maximum number of sensitive polling booths have been identified.Meanwhile, ACP Sanjeev Thakur of the traffic department said that there are no traffic diversions in the city despite the election being in process tomorrow, as on an average there will be about 800 voters at every polling booth who will cast their votes within ten hours, from 7.30 am to 5.30 pm. Therefore, as such there will be no chaos of vehicular traffic on the city roads.Nonetheless the rule of no vehicle within 100 meters of the polling booth remains and the police on duty at the respective polling booths will divert traffic wherever required.The police will be on their toes until the counting is over on February 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "lucknow/new delhi", "code": "11919476", "title": "UP health funds scam claims fifth victim?", "text": "LUCKNOW/NEW DELHI: In the midst of polls, this is one death the BSP could have done without. A whistleblower clerk in the health department in Lakhimpur was murdered, turning the spotlight back on the Rs 5,700-crore rural health fund scam in UP, which has left a trail of four previous deaths and exposed the deep rot in the system.Mahendra Kumar Sharma (52) had gone missing since February 7, a few days after the CBI - which is probing the scam - questioned the chief medical officer of Lakhimpur. Police found his body in a pool of blood with injuries on his head and face at the Pasgawan health centre area in Lakhimpur Kheri district late on Wednesday. Investigators are looking at the possibility that he may have been killed in connection with the scam.Late Thursday, the post-mortem confirmed Sharma was murdered through \"ante-mortem smothering\", meaning he was strangled.UP chief secretary Anoop Mishra has asked Lucknow IG Jawed Akhtar and UP forensic science lab director S Upadhayay to visit Lakhimpur on Friday and file a detailed report on the murder of whistleblower M K Sharma, who had been working as a clerk in the health deparment. A CBI spokesperson in Delhi said, \"CBI had neither questioned nor summoned this person (Sharma). CBI is in close touch with local police regarding safety concerns of potential witnesses, suspects etc.\" CBI sources said a detailed report of the entire incident had been sought from the Lakhimpur police along with the post-mortem report.As news of Sharma's death broke, Congress and BJP slammed the Mayawati government, accusing it of colluding in the \"massive bungling\". Congress star campaigner Priyanka Gandhi accused the Mayawati government of misusing funds meant for improving health facilities in the state. BJP spokesperson Ravishankar Prasad said, \"The larger issue is the liability of Mayawati as the CM and the earlier regime of Mulayam Singh Yadav because the entire scam is spread over the last seven-eight years.\"Sharma was posted at Mitauli primary health centre when he reportedly tried to expose graft in the department. This was around the time the NRHM scam came to light about a year ago. After that, he was transferred thrice in quick succession and eventually his salary was blocked by the department some six months ago.About three weeks ago, Sharma wrote to Lakhimpur CMO Dr JP Bhargava about how miscreants had broken open the steel file cabinet at his office and taken away important documents related to the department. This reportedly happened a week before a CBI team reached Lakhimpur on February 3 and questioned the CMO for almost five hours in connection with the NRHM scam.The Lakhimpur health department has figured among the top 10 districts where NRHM funds were misused in a big way. Ever since, the department has been under the CBI scanner.Sharma's family members accused senior officers of subjecting him to extreme mental torture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11918758", "title": "Tihar Winter Olympics begin", "text": "NEW DELHI: Its not about winning or losing at all times. A T-20 cricket match was organized at Tihar Jail on Thursday to kick-start the annual Tihar Winter Olympics.Witty banter from the commentators kept the match lively. The pavilions were packed with spectators as the teams - jail number no 1 and 2 - played each other at the cricket ground in jail number 1. There was also a group of male cheerleaders applauding both sides.The bunch leaped on to the field and danced to the music belted out by a DJ (yes there was one) every time a batsman hit a six or got out.\"The annual sports extravaganza is held in different jails across the Jail complex. We organize events involving all possible sports such as volleyball, basket ball, kabbadi, carom, chess and so on,\" said Sunil Gupta, Tihar Jail law officer and spokesperson.Cricketers Ishant Sharma and Ashish Nehra were the chief guests and handed out the trophies and medals. Congratulating the teams, the fast-medium bowlers said they thoroughly enjoyed the game and wished the inmates luck. \"It is important to enjoy the game. Wherever you play, just enjoy yourself,\" said Ishant.\"The idea behind this sporting competition is to let inmates channelize their energies towards positive activities. And it is mandatory for every inmate to participate either as a player or a spectator,\" Gupta said.The hosts ultimately took home the winning trophy and later both teams posed for pictures with the cricket stars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11921457", "title": "SDO\u2019s 7-year-old son kidnapped from Umaria town", "text": "BHOPAL: A seven-year-old boy, the son of a sub-divisional officer (SDO) of the public works department (PWD), was allegedly abducted from Umaria town on Wednesday evening. The police have no clues about the child or the identity of abductors even 24 hours after the incident. It is the third incident of kidnapping in three days in the state. On February 13, a 14-year-old boy, the son of an industrialist was abducted from Bhopal. The next day, a son of trader was kidnapped from Ratlam.The victim's family reportedly received ransom calls demanding Rs 6 lakh for the release of the child. Though tight-lipped about the case, the police admitted that calls were received from neighbouring Uttar Pradesh. The police have not succeeded so far in tracing the origin of calls.\"The case is under investigation. We are not in a position to reveal anything,'' SP Manohar Singh Jhamra told TOI. Sources in the police department, however, said a team comprising an additional SP and three investigating officers is being sent to Uttar Pradesh.The kidnapped boy, Anant Jhariya, is a student of class II. The son of SDO PWD (electrical and mechanical) Hemant Jhariya, Anant, had gone to tutorial classes with a friend. After tutorials, the two boys walked together till the stadium before going their ways. Anant, who was last seen walking towards his home alone, went missing between 6 and 7 pm, the police said. When the boy did not reach home, his parents began looking for him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11920117", "title": "Chor machaye shor", "text": "HYDERABAD: A burglar kicked up a storm at a media briefing on Thursday claiming that police siphoned off a major portion of the recovery made from him leaving red faces in the city policedom.The incident happened when four burglars--Mir Kazam Ali, Qudarath Ali, Rauf and Ashok--arrested by the Narayanguda police were produced before the media.Addressing a press conference at traffic complex at L B Stadium, deputy commissioner of police (DCP), Central Zone, Tarun Joshi said: \"We recovered 1.14 kilogrammes of gold and Rs 3.5 lakhs cash from the four.\" Senior police officers as a matter of routine hold such press conferences to showcase their \"achievements\" and also in the hope that their shots/ picture will find a place in the visual and print mediaTowards the end of the press conference, 20-year-old Mir Kazam Ali, created a ruckus, broke window panes and damaged a door frame metal detector. As he was being taken to a police van to be produced in court, Kazam shouted loudly that the police had actually recovered two kilos of gold and Rs 10 lakh cash, but pared down the recovery.\"Police have siphoned off one kilo gold and Rs 8 lakh cash besides letting off several others involved in the burglary. They are disclosing the recovered amount as just one kilo and a few lakhs of rupees,\" Kazam Ali, who incidentally passed out of the Hyderabad Public School, Begumpet, said. It is learnt that Kazam hails from a royal family and his father is a Unani doctor. Given the general reputation of the police many media persons were willing to go along with the claims of the thief.According to an official release, police claimed they recovered 1.14 kgs of gold, Rs 3.5 lakh cash, a Scorpio car, two Honda Activa vehicles, a Karizma bike, all worth Rs 40 lakh from the four.When contacted, Narayanguda inspector (Detective) R Shekar Reddy said Kazam Ali was averse to be presented before the media and pleaded that his family's reputation would be dented.Police said the four, in their confession had said that after stealing gold they would pledge it with a finance company, which gives loan against gold. However, Kazam, who is into interior decoration business, used to take the lion's share and led a lavish life Refuting the allegations of the thief, DCP Tarun Joshi said: \"The investigation in the case was done under the supervision of senior police officers. As he was being brought to the press conference, Kazam intimidated our officers and warned that he will create nuisance. He was embarrassed when he was presented before the media and it was just an emotional outburst.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11923186", "title": "NCTC: Four CMs unite against UPA on counter-terrorism centre", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a significant political development, four chief ministers - Mamata Banerjee, Jayalalithaa, Nitish Kumar and Naveen Patnaik have joined hands demanding a review of the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC).In a letter to PMO, West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee has asked Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to \"review and withdraw\" the order on organisation, function, power and duties of the newly constituted NCTC under the ministry of home affairs.\"It is difficult for the state government to accept such arbitrary exercise of power by the central government/central agency, which have a bearing on the rights and privilege of the states as enshrined in the Constitution of India,\" Mamata Banerjee has said. According to TV reports, Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi has been in touch with the four CMs.Banerjee's letter to the Prime Minister issued by the Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik's office said that in a federal structure, any decision of the central government, which infringed upon the powers and rights of the state governments, should be taken only after adequate consultation and with the consent of the state governments.Counter-terror body violates states' federal rights: TrinamoolThe NCTC being set up by the central government as a powerful anti-terror agency was arbitrary and \"an infringement on the rights of the states\", key ally Trinamool Congress said on Friday.\"The central government has to take into confidence the state government in this regard because we have federal structure of government in our country,\" union minister of state for tourism and TMC leader Sultan Ahmed said.Calling it an arbitrary step taken by the central government, Ahmed said: \"It is an infringement on the rights of the states and an arbitrary step. The central government announced setting up of the National Counter Terrorism Centre without even consulting the state governments.\"According to Ahmed, whose party rules West Bengal, police and intelligence is a state subject and state governments have to be consulted in any decision related to security.\"The matter was not placed before the cabinet and being part of government in the centre doesn't mean we will forget our state interest,\" he added.National Counter Terrorism CentreThe UPA government on Feb 6 said it would set up on March 1 a powerful anti-terror agency that will integrate and analyse inputs on terror threats in India and will have legal authority to make arrests and conduct search operations. The NCTC will have a Standing Council comprising chiefs of counter-terror outfits in states and others as its lynchpin.It will have powers to requisition 'elite' forces like NSG and marine commandos to carry out operations against terrorists.The Standing Council will comprise members of anti-terror agencies in states, in what is being seen as a step to encourage the states to develop a stake in the pooling of information and intelligence inputs.This coupled with the powers under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act (UAPA) to make arrests and carry out search operations across the country are designed to get around the problem of law and order being a state subject: a constitutional scheme that is seen as essential for country's federal polity but which has hampered cooperation between the Centre and the state as well as among states themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11919379", "title": "I don\u2019t believe govt\u2019s claim on Radia tape leak: Ratan Tata", "text": "NEW DELHI: Industrialist Ratan Tata has rejected government's claim that official agencies were not responsible for the leak of personal conversations in the Radia tapes, saying the clean chit did not carry conviction, and has urged the Supreme Court to order a fresh investigation by an independent agency.He said the inquiry conducted by the income tax department, which had intercepted corporate lobbyist Niira Radia's conversations but which blamed the leak on others, lacked credibility. \"The inquiry has been conducted in a manner that would hardly inspire public confidence,\" Tata said in an affidavit.\"On this account, the department which conducted the wire tap has been under scrutiny. Since this is all done at a fairly high level within the departments, for any inquiry to be fair and transparent, it would have to be done by an outside agency skilled in making investigations - this has not been done,\" Tata complained.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya on Thursday asked the government to file its response within three weeks on Tata's fresh plea and posted the matter for further hearing on March 27. Tata also sought a copy of government's inquiry report exonerating its agencies. The corporate leader argued that he ought to have a copy of the report as the Centre has relied on it to refute his contention that the leak had violated his right to privacy.Earlier, in its response to the industrialist's petition protesting against the leak of conversations, finance ministry had acknowledged that the Radia tapes had indeed got leaked. However, it absolved government agencies of blame, suggesting that it could have happened at the service provider's end.In his fresh affidavit filed on Tuesday, Tata said the government's move to dodge the blame was not going to wash with him.\"There is an indelible impression that the inquiry may well exonerate the department and pass the blame for this lapse to outsiders,\" the industrialist said, although he stressed that he was going by the material circulating in public domain and that he had no authentic information about the source from which the actual leak of the tapes happened.\"What is of importance is that the inquiry conducted so far is not of that quality as would inspire public confidence on account of the structure of the inquiry as is apparent from the orders placed by the Union government with their earlier affidavits,\" the industrialist said.The case mirrors the concern about intrusion into citizens' privacy at a time when governments have cited terrorism and other threats to national security along with the menace of corruption to seek powers to eavesdrop on private phone conversations.Tata also told the Supreme Court that the I-T department, which taped the conversations, was responsible for safe storage of the tapes, and to ensure that the intercepts were used for the purpose the finance ministry cited to secure permission to place tabs on Radia's telephone conversations. The Union gave the go-ahead for interception of her conversations when finance ministry cited a complaint about her involvement in alleged \"anti-national\" activities.\"The unauthorized disclosure of intercepted material is in blatant violation of the provisions of the Official Secrets Act, 1923, whether intercepted by the government or by a service provider as its agent and the data collected and information contained therein is a property of the government. Any unauthorized disclosure thereof constitutes violation of Section 5 of OSA,\" Tata said.\"No person who has received the material in violation of the statutory mandate, including the media, has any right to use or publish the same or to withhold information regarding the source from which it has been illegally obtained,\" he added.In his fresh affidavit, the industrialist said if the material retrieved by the I-T department from such extensive wire tapping was not secure, it would amount to serious infraction of the right to privacy guaranteed to every citizen under Article 21 of the Constitution.The leak of tapes had coincided with disclosures of details of the spectrum scam, and strengthened the perception of \"crony capitalism\", and fixing of government's decisions.The case so far:August 20, 2008 - To probe a complaint received by finance ministry against Niira Radia , I-T department gets permission to intercept her phones for 120 daysMay 11, 2009 - Interceptions allowed for another 120 daysA total of 5,851 call were intercepted and collated, came to be known as Radia tapes.November 26, 2009 - Some of the tapes were handed over to CBI for investigations relating to 2G spectrum scamMay 2010 - First signs of tapes being leaked to website surfaceNovember 2010 - Websites and magazines publish excerpts of personal conversations between Radia and othersNovember 28, 2010 - TOI first to report Ratan Tata planning to move SC complaining breach of right to privacyNovember 29, 2010 - Tata moves SCJanuary 2011 - Government orders inquiry into the alleged leak of tapesFebruary 2011 - Government frames guidelines for destruction of private talks in intercepted conversationsFebruary 13, 2012 - Tata files affidavit in SC suspecting government's intent in catching the culprit who leaked Radia tapes; demands probe by outside agency skilled to probe the incident; SC issues notice to Centre", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11919318", "title": "MoU inked for Deoghar international airport", "text": "RANCHI: The Union ministry of civil aviation and the Jharkhand government signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Airport Authority of India (AAI) here on Thursday at a function attended by chief minister Arjun Munda, deputy chief minister-cum-minister for civil aviation Hemant Soren and JMM chief Shibu Soren.The MoU has been signed for expansion of Deoghar airport and improving its air connectivity with other domestic and international airports so as to facilitate better transportation means to thousands of tourists visiting the holy town of Deoghar. The MoU was signed between AAI chairman V P Aggarwal and secretary department of civil aviation V K Singh.Addressing people on this occasion, Munda said Deoghar has been an important tourist and pilgrimage destination and over 20 lakh people visit every year. \"Baba Dham is known world over and the state wanted this place to emerge on the international tourism,\" he said stressing that the state government would extend every cooperation to AAI for timely completion of the project.The airport will be developed on 675 acres which has been acquired by the state government. The total cost of the project has been estimated at Rs 350 crore out of which Rs 300 crore will be provided by the Centre. The remaining amount is to be contributed by the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11918494", "title": "Ruling party stakes victory claim on phase IV panchayat poll eve", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The ruling BJD on Thursday claimed it will win as many as 27 of the 30 zilla parishads for which elections are underway in the state.On the eve of the fourth and penultimate phase of the staggered polls, senior BJD leader Pyarimohan Mohapatra, taking into account unofficial results available, predicted his party could head at least 27 zilla parishads.Barring Kandhamal and Jharsuguda districts, the Naveen Patnaik-led party has achieved overwhelming success across the state, according to unconfirmed reports. Of the 596 zilla parishad seats for which polls have been held so far, the BJD is said to have won in over 450 seats, while the Congress and BJP have emerged victorious in 72 and 26 seats respectively.Though the opposition parties have started blaming the BJD of winning through money and muscle power and misuse of administrative machinery, the rural elections have boosted the morale of the ruling party to an extent that they hope to bag over two-thirds of the total 854 zilla parishad seats in the state. In the 2007 elections, when BJD had an alliance with BJP, the regional party had won 345 ZP seats and formed the council in 15 ZPs. The saffron party had triumphed in 129 seats and headed two ZPs. The Congress, on the other hand, won 303 seats and had 11 ZP presidents. State Congress president Niranjan Patnaik conceded that his party's poor show was due to inadequate preparation at the grassroots level.Mohapatra's claim came a day ahead of the fourth phase of the three-tier panchayat polls. Elections would be held for 16,362 ward members and 164 ZP members, State Election Commission sources said.State election commissioner Ajit Tripathy said re-polling has been ordered in 154 wards, spread over 24 gram panchayats in 10 blocks of seven districts. Re-polling will be held either on February 19 or 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11925808", "title": "How classrooms are becoming 'smart'", "text": "JAIPUR: Instead of a teacher's monologue explaining the food-chain of animals, these days classrooms are abuzz with video clips streaming on YouTube . Students are more comfortable in giving power-point presentations and audio-visual techniques while teachers make most of the 3D images to explain the toughest of lessons. Welcome to the world of digital classrooms in schools which are slowly, but steadily replacing the traditional classrooms having chalks and blackboard.About a decade ago, one dreamt and talked of 'open-air classrooms' for better learning. The closed room teaching with teachers scribbling on black boards was much criticised. However, that was then. The rooms might be the same but the environment within the rooms has changed completely. The conventional black-board has made way for digital equipment, making the learning process not just more colourful but also more interesting.Pearl Singh, a Class XII (commerce) student of Maharani Gayatri Devi School, observed that the Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) system is good for students who are consistent in studies. \"This system has partly put an end to mugging of lessons and jotting notes. It has more scope for students to sharpen their creativity and showcase skills in different spectrums. I found it far interesting and easy to understand the subjects than the earlier form of textbook learning,'' says Pearl.To make education more interactive and learning a fun experience, many schools are opting for Information and Communication Technology-enabled smart classes where digital black boards, audio-visual rooms and interactive sessions have replaced traditional blackboards and textbooks. The tech-savvy students not only enjoy their studies through these methodologies but keenly participate in the learning process. Audio-visual rooms, e-boards and knowledge centres are adding a new dimension to the teaching style.\"Smart classes have changed the process of learning. These days it is happening more through screens -- be it television, laptop or films. Students are very quick in learning new technologies and if they are used to impart education, it enhances the understanding of the concepts. Also, students do not want to hear teacher all the time. There has to be a bit extra to keep them hook. Technology helps in that,\" said Seema Bhatnagar, principal, Delhi Public School.Use of technology is not restricted just to classrooms. Teachers are using social networking sites and emails to engage with their students and parents. The assignments are now accepted through emails. Groups are made on Facebook to keep the students updated about classes and school activities. Similarly, students are using it to upload interesting videos and articles about topics of their interest on the group page and share it with everyone.\"We allow our students to submit their assignments through emails. It saves paper and students also find it easy. We also encourage them do more research and find various dimensions of the particular topics on internet. In the periods at smart classes, the attention of the students is very high. Digital learning gives the exact reproduction of the concept,\" said Bela Joshi, principal, Subodh Public School.Viewing the change, the libraries in schools are also getting IT enabled. With every textbook, a CD version is also available for students. Smart cards have made inroads which keep track of books issued online. \"Administration of books is done through software. This help us in making list of popular books and keep a tab on the reading trends among children. The ebooks are all available online,\" said Jayshree Periwal, director-principal of Step By Step group of schools.Educationists feel that teachers act more as facilitators, while ICT provides elementary and sometimes even detailed understanding of subjects. With a shift in learning process, it is not just students who are learning but teachers too often learn from their students. \"With students quick in adapting to modern technology, very soon they will lead the classroom discussion and tell teachers what is happening around,\" added Bhatnagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11918474", "title": "Five killed, 50 injured in bus accident", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Five persons died and over 50 passengers were injured when the bus carrying them met with an accident near Tangi, about 50 km from here, in the early hours of Thursday. The deceased included the bus driver and a woman.The injured persons, who included a number of women and children, were rushed to the SCB Medical College and Hospital. Most passengers sustained severe injuries, the condition of 10 of whom was described as critical. A special team of doctors was formed for treating the accident victims.The passengers from Khatapada area of Balasore district were going to Puri for Jagannath darshan when the mishap took place. Police suspect the bus was travelling at a very high speed and hit a heavy vehicle.The accident took place at around 3.30 am when all the passengers were asleep. The intensity of the mishap was so high that the vehicle was crumpled beyond recognition.Tangi police and local people rushed to the spot and removed the passengers from the vehicle with much difficulty.\"There is no trace of the heavy vehicle with which the bus collided. It possibly fled from the scene,\" said Tangi police station inspector Sunil Mohanty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11919029", "title": "AMTS bus stolen from Sarangpur workshop", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When a team of AMTS officials came to Kagdapith police station, police officials thought it to be another routine case of petty crime. However, when the officials told them their purpose of visit, it took a couple of minutes for them to comprehend that an AMTS bus in working condition got stolen from right under the nose of the entire staff.Kagdapith police officials said Jayesh Bor, an AMTS official and resident of Odhav, filed a theft complaint about an AMTS bus (GJ 1 CX 8079) on route number 107 (Sarangpur to Sarangpur circular) worth Rs 26 lakh from Sarangpur AMTS workshop between 1.15 pm and 2 pm on Thursday.A S Pandya, inspector of Kagdapith police station, told TOI that it is an unusual theft. \"As per AMTS officials' statement, many of the staffers also saw the bus going out of depot but nobody expected that somebody could steal it. We have started searching for it at scrap yards around the city,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11921154", "title": "Maharashtra civic polls: Counting today, results to be out late evening", "text": "The BMC has set up counting centres at 29 places across the city's 24 administrative wards. The counting process will begin at 9am today. The first set of results is expected by 10.30am, but the SEC said that the finally tally will only be declared late Friday evening. The results for the Zilla Parishad polls will be declared by midnight.42k officials and cops could not voteAround 16,000 government officials and 26,000 security personnel who were on election duty were not able to get their fingers inked on Thursday. The officials were on election duty since Wednesday, and many had spent the night in polling booths as they had to report to work at 6am on Thursday.\"It has been 18 years since I have been in service and I haven't been able to vote even once,\" said a policeman who was posted at the New India Staff Colony in Juhu galli. He is a resident of Mazgaon. A duty officer at a polling booth in Gilbert Hill said she couldn't remember the last time she voted as she has always been on election duty.Restricted vehicular movementThe traffic police have announced road restrictions in the Matunga division till the counting process for elections is completed on Friday. These restrictions will not apply to election vehicles, cars and two-wheelers belonging to local residents and ambulances. Motorists will not be allowed to use Swami Vallabhdas Marg (Road no 24) from its junction at 24-A Cross Road starting from Shashi Smruti building till its junction at V K Habbu Chowk, Jain Society.No entry for vehicles from the junction of Swami Vallabhdas Marg (Road no 24) and Jain Society Road till its junction at 24-A Cross Road, Sion, and vice versa. Motorists cannot use 24-A Cross Road at Jain Society in Sion. Vehicles cannot be parked on any of the above mentioned roadsIndelible ink? It came off easilyMany voters in Bandra (W) said the indelible ink, which election staff used to prevent voters from casting more than one vote, came off easily. Pens that looked like ordinary markers were being used at many polling stations. Within hours of being inked, residents found that the ink could easily be scraped off with matchsticks.\"After my uncle voted, he showed me a clean finger. He said it came off easily. Take the head of a matchstick and wet it in plain water and scrub your own finger,\" said Vidya Vaidya, trustee, H (West) Citizens' Trust. Chemists said the ink in the marker pens were made of silver nitrate, which is indelible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11920166", "title": "Tepid response to hartal in city", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The hartal called by both the ruling LDF in the corporation council and the opposition UDF on Thursday invited lukewarm response from the society. Most of the residents found the reason behind the hartal as unconvincing and called the move 'unnecessary'.In city, taxies and private vehicles operated as usual. Though the LDF had requested the long-distance buses to stay off the road, they operated without interruption. A few city buses too operated their services. Many shops alongside the national highway and hotels and restaurants in city remained closed.According to K Radhakrishnan, a resident of Nadakkavu, the hartal was called for a political feud and not for a public cause.The LDF had declared hartal from 6am to 1 pm on Thursday to protest against the alleged attack against the mayor during the corporation council on February 14. The UDF also called for hartal the same day from dawn to dusk in protest against the attack on its councillor C S Sathyabhama's house on Tuesday night.\"Public should not be made to suffer for the fights between political fronts,\" said P Vijayan, a resident of East Hill. Many residents said that such issues should be solved inside the council hall and public life should not be affected. Instead of declaring hartals, the mayor and the affected UDF councillor should approach the police such issues, said A Mohammed, a shop owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11919853", "title": "SP stands committed to its poll promises: Mulayam Singh Yadav", "text": "KANPUR: Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav lambasted Mayawati government for unleashing atrocities on youth and farmers and said that nothing has been done for the upliftment of Muslim community during BSP regime.Addressing an election rally in the weaver-dominated Rail Bazaar area on Thursday, Yadav said that his party would take care of weavers. He took a dig at Mayawati and said that BSP has wasted public money in the last five years.Yadav said: \"What we say we do and we are not like other parties. Be it the Rs 1,000 per month unemployment allowance, bicycles to girl students and Kanya Vidya Dhan. We never made promises that we were not able to fulfil.\" In a bid to woo voters, he said more dole and loan waiver schemes would be launched and on the very first day of the formation of SP-led government, loans up to the amount of Rs 50,000 given to poor and farmers would be waived off. More employment schemes would be launched for youth, besides dole would be provided to every unemployed youth across the state. \"We want you all to vote for Samajwadi Party because we want to see Uttar Pradesh developed. BSP has done nothing. Mayawati has wasted public money or erected statues in the state capital,\" he said. Yadav said that girls education would be provided free of cost. He urged voters to elect SP representative Mohammad Hasan Roomi from Cantt seat as it will help in rooting out the BSP government.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11919729", "title": "Kid falls ill, 10,212 DPT vaccines suspended", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While the health department is still trying to ascertain the cause of 45-day-old Arnav's death following DPT vaccine, another case of DPT-related complication has come to light forcing the authorities to announce clustering of adverse event following immunization (AEFI) from the same lot of vaccine.One-year-old Radhav has been hospitalized on February 11, by the paediatric department of Government Multi-specificity Hospital-16 after he reported seizures following DPT OPV ( oral polio vaccine) booster. He was immunized on February 8, the same day when Arnav died.As per records available with TOI, Radhav was vaccinated at the polyclinic in Sector 45 on February 8. On the same day, Arnav, who received DPT from ESI Ramdarbar, died.\"The committee constituted by the health department has not ascertained the death of Arnav due to DPT. With DPT vaccine, nature of serious vaccine reaction includes seizures within 0-3 days in 600 cases per million. So, clustering of cases following DPT vaccination from same geographical area with same batch of vaccine cannot be ruled out,\" said an official at the district immunization department, UT.Confirming that such a case has come up following the vaccine, medial superintendent, Dr Rajeev Vadera said, \"We have a patient admitted with us who was vaccinated with DPT and had this complication.\"Though, the health department has suspended 10,212 DPT vaccines of that particular batch and replaced them with 50,000 new vaccines, the committee constituted to probe the incident will meet after 10 days to review its decision regarding clustering of cases, especially on ascertaining the cause of Arnav's death. Radhav's seizures were noticed after 36 hours of DPT vaccination.As per international guidelines for immunization if two or more than two cases of complication are reported following vaccination, the health officials can withdraw the suspected lot of vaccine. AEFI is any adverse event that follows immunization that is believed to be caused by the immunization. The WHO defines adverse events that are not due to the vaccine or immunization process, but are temporally associated with immunization or are inherent properties of the vaccine (vaccine reaction) or some error in the immunization process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11920872", "title": "I know my duty, will not go by opposition: CM", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda has turned down the opposition's demand to convene a meeting of floor leaders and others to get suggestions on the choice of the new Lokayukta.\"I needn't go by what the opposition says. As chief minister, I know my duty and have to abide by rules,\" Gowda said on Thursday. The CM said his job is to write to stakeholders seeking suggestions for appointing a new Lokayukta. \"I have been adhering to the procedures and can't go beyond it,\" he added.I CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMOREGowda is not ready to take it anymore. Burdened with nearly 20 portfolios, CM plans to expand his ministry at the earliest. \"It is my personal view. I still need to seek the BJP central leadership's nod to take up the exercise,\" Gowda said.With higher education minister VS Acharya's death and resignation of three ministers over the porn scandal, 11 berths are vacant. Former CM BS Yeddyurappa said he will not interfere in the cabinet expansion.PROBE INTO QUARRYINGThe government will set up a committee to investigate illegal granite quarrying complaints in Kanakapura taluk since 2007. The decision was taken by chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda on Thursday. Forest minister CP Yogeshwar had accused several persons, including Congress leader DK Shiva Kumar's family, of doing illegal granite quarrying. The Congress leader said: \"I am doing granite business on my land. I am doing it legally and nobody can stop me from doing it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11921479", "title": "BSSS unwilling to give up land, ROB may be delayed", "text": "BHOPAL: With Bhopal School of Social Sciences (BSSS) refusing to demolish its hostels and give up a part of the land under its possession to the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC), the construction of the much-awaited Rail Over Bridge (ROB) is likely to be delayed further.BMC is now forced to make changes in the basic design of the bridge.As per the current plan, the bridge passes through the girls' hostel of Bhopal School of Social Sciences (BSSS), college authorities said, adding we will not let the corporation demolish our hostel building.\"The ex-BMC commissioner had himself visited this place and promised to make changes in the plans. We are still awaiting a response from the corporation though,\" BSSS principal Father Joseph PP said.\"Yes. Taking this issue under consideration, we are thinking of re-designing the ROB,\" BRTS in-charge Sunil Shrivastava said, adding the proposal of change in design was still being discussed.A curve of the rail over bridge is covering almost half acre land of the BSSS, college authorities said, adding the BMC officials should have taken into consideration all these aspects before going ahead with the design.Interestingly, the work orders were released in June 2011 itself but the construction work for the ROB is yet to commence. The trumpet-shaped bridge is 24 m wide and 990 m long. The total cost for this bridge is estimated at Rs 38.2 crores and the work is expected to be completed in a span of two years.This bridge will bifurcate in two directions, one extending from RRL tri-junction to Arera colony near the Ganesh temple crossing the railway bridge and the other will connect RRL tri-junction to Bhopal Fracture Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11919078", "title": "Tiger Dynasty premiers in Jaipur, to be dubbed in Hindi", "text": "JAIPUR: When the first male tiger ST-1 was airlifted from the Ranthambore National Park to be relocated to the Sariska tiger reserve in June 2008, the dust settled over the matter faster than the tiger acclimatized to its new surroundings.But the captivating film, Tiger Dynasty made for BBC by wildlife cinematographer S Nallamuthu, which tracks the translocation of ST-1 and ST-3 from Ranthambhore to Sariska, once again refreshed the trials the tigers went through while settling in an unfamiliar territory.The documentary follows a pair of tigers (Rajore and Baghni) released in Sariska as part of a conservation breeding programme, who, the authorities hope, will mate to produce a new tiger dynasty.The film shows how the young tigress Baghani (ST-3), which was relocated to Sariska, was initially timid and reticent with toads hopping all over her. It also captures how the creature did not kill deer even at close quarters during the first three days. But she honed her skills to survive in the park and eventually killed a leopard to establish her territory. It was here that she encounters Rajore (ST-1), a male, who had also been released there.The pair is filmed over two years, as they fight leopards for territory and learn to hunt boar, while trying to avoid being killed by poachers.\"The film premiered for the first time in the country in Jaipur at the Jawahar Kala Kendra. And since it is about tiger and its conservation and the message needs to go around, so for the first time BBC has granted permission for translation of the film into Hindi to create mass awareness,\" Nallamuthu said. The film, which is in high definition format, was also shot at night with the help of Wild Life Institute of India using four to five infrared cameras with the assistance of field assistant Hemraj Meena.Since June 2008, five tigers - two males and three females - have been relocated to Sariska from Ranthambore after all the big cats in the reserve were poached in 2005.2 male tigers(ST-1, ST-4) and 3 female tigers(ST-2, ST-3, ST-5) were relocated from Ranthambore park. ST-1 was poisoned and killed by local villagers few months ago. ST-4 is the only male surviving in the park now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kollam (kerala)", "code": "11917981", "title": "Killing of fishermen: Murder case registered against armed guards of Italian ship", "text": "KOLLAM (KERALA): Coastal police on Thursday night registered a murder case against the armed guards of an Italian ship for allegedly killing two Keralite fishermen in a firing incident on the high seas.The case was registered for murder, based on evidence of bullet injuries found on the bodies of the dead fishermen during post-mortem, coastal police at Neendakara said.However no particular person has been named in the case, registered by a Circle Inspector at Neendakara, police said.Earlier in the day, home secretary R K Singh had said in Delhi that a case would be registered against the people responsible for the shooting and they would have to face law of the country.On Wednesday, two fishermen in a boat including its driver were shot dead when guards onboard the merchant vessel 'Enrica Lexie' fired at their boat carrying 11 fishermen off Kollam coast, suspecting the group to be a band of pirates.The two fishermen, identified as Jalastin and Binki, had set off from Neendakara fishing harbour a couple of days back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11920733", "title": "Remove old cars from footpath in 7 days, says Palike", "text": "BANGALORE: If you have a scrap or old car parked outside your house on the footpath or on the roadside, better remove it within seven days or the BBMP will tow it away to the dumping yard. On Thursday evening, BBMP commissioner MK Shankarlinge Gowda appealed to the people who have their old or unused or scrap cars parked outside their houses, creating a traffic hurdle and public inconvenience, to remove them.He has given a week's time to Bangaloreans and ordered the ward engineers to go patrolling from Friday and identify vehicles. After seven days, the patrol team will come back again. If the vehicles are not removed by then, they will be towed away and dumped in the dumping yard.Though the Department of Urban Land Transport (DULT) and BBMP had framed a parking policy for the entire city which heavily discourages on-road parking, the BBMP chief said that this has nothing to do with the parking policy. \"It's about old and rusting cars only which have been parked for a long time,\" he said.As per the DULT policy, vehicles parked on roadside or footpath will be charged more for parking which will discourage people to park their vehicles on the road for more time and encourage them to use multi-level parking stations built by BBMP or the Traffic and Transit Management Centres (TTMCs) built by the BMTC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11919949", "title": "Tearing paper, an act of 'mockery' by Rahul: Prasad", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior BJP leader Ravi Shankar Prasad on Thursday termed Rahul Gandhi's act of tearing up a piece of paper at an election meeting in Lucknow as \"mockery\", and said that it would not help him attract voters. \"Tearing a piece of paper at an election meeting by Rahul Gandhi is an illogical act and full of mockery. It will do no magic to attract voters,\" the BJP general secretary said in Ghaziabad.Accusing BSP and SP of making 'only promises\", Rahul on Wednesday tore a piece of paper at an election meeting to drive home the point that \"mere lists\" of assurances were of no use. \"They promise that they will give power, water, employment and if not employment then unemployment allowance... this is mere list of assurances ...,\" Rahul had said at an election meeting and tore a paper it to stress his point.Prasad also took a dig at Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and said as an economist he has failed to control price rise. Regarding government formation in Uttar Pradesh, he said that the BJP will not enter into any post-poll alliance with SP or BSP, and will sit in opposition if it did not get majority. Assembly elections news 2012UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "jamalpur", "code": "11921173", "title": "Doc readies to cut first music album", "text": "JAMALPUR: Think chest specialist and the image that is most likely to pop into your mind is that of a person always walking around with a stethoscope around his neck and no time for anything except patients. But, Dr Rakesh Aggarwal of Jamalpur is hardly one to fit stereotypes. The 49-year-old doctor has learnt music and is now waiting for the release of his first music album. The track will have eight songs, including ghazals, poem, bhajan and Sufi song.Busy as he is in his work, he takes time out every day for practice and is always willing to sing at religious gatherings.\"I always had a passion for music. I would participate in cultural programmes while doing MBBS in Amritsar Medical College in the late 1980s,'' said Aggarwal, adding that even when he started working he did not give up singing. However, the turning point came in 2007, when a tabla player who used to play at a nearby gurdwara approached him for treatment. \"He also introduced me to a music guru, Madan Mast, who is an awesome classical singer. Madan stayed at my hospital for about two years and taught me 'ragas' and classical singing after which I started composing bhajans, ghazals and poems,'' said Aggarwal.One thing led to another and in 2010, Aggarwal came across a music company in Delhi that asked him to record songs for an album. \"I recorded eight songs at a private recording studio. One song of the album is a bhajan, another is a poem by Harivansh Rai Bachchan, there's a Sufi song by Shah Hussain and five ghazals about the pain of separation,'' he said. His inspiration have been ghazal king Ghulam Ali and maestro Jagjit Singh. \"I have a collection of around 600 ghazals sung by Jagjit Singh. My dream is to someday sing ghazals of Jagjit Singh live,'' he said. Aggarwal said his family - wife Sushma, daughter Ankita and sons Bhuvan and Himanshu - is his constant support in pursuing his passion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11920689", "title": "Check this captivating solar model", "text": "BANGALORE: Wary of stepping out of your home with mercury levels soaring? Here's a smart way to stay cool: invest in a 'solar' cap. Fitted to a silicon solar panel on the rear of the cap, the fan, running on a motor, starts rotating once one steps out in the sun. The person sporting the cap starts enjoying the cool breeze despite the scorching heat.The technology in use is simple. \"When sun rays fall on the solar panel, electricity is produced and the fan (motor) starts working,\" said Mahesh VS, director of Sun Ray Solar Museum in Hubli, a storehouse of such innovative solar technology products.Designed by Mahesh, this cap has till date sold 300-odd pieces. Till now confined to Hubli and Dharwad, it made its debut in Bangalore at 'Renewable Asia 2012', an exhibition on renewable energy which kicked off on Thursday.Manufacturers of this headgear are in talks with Indian Airlines who want to buy it in bulk to gift it to passengers onboard their international flights. \"We have submitted our quotes and are waiting to hear from them,\" said Mahesh.One solar cap will cost you Rs 550. Ideal for cricket players, trekkers and sports enthusiasts who watch matches in the sun. In short, a cool way of promoting solar energy.THE SOLAR CYCLEAs the name suggests, these cycles run on solar energy. Ideal for a ride up to 30 kilometres every day, the cycles are fast, healthy, fun, environment-friendly and require very little energy.\"We specialize in designing and building electric bicycles using the latest battery. It is an excellent range of electric bicycles fitted with battery management system for a long service life,\" said Srinivasa, CEO of Sri Subadra Industries, which specializes in manufacturing energy products. The solar cycle was also launched at the exhibition on Thursday.The electric bicycles can be recharged using a solar module or normal household power. The solar model needs to be put in a sunny corner of the house where it can feed on sun's energy the entire day. The two systems need to be connected for energy from the solar model to get transferred to the bicycle. The average price of a solar cycle is Rs 20,000.THE POWER OF TWOA combination of solar and wind energy is perhaps the best solution for power-starved India. Designed by Sunair Power, this micro-hybrid power generator provides power using solar panels during summer, while the wind generator releases energy during the windy season.\"It is rather unfortunate that while there is technological advancement in rural Karnataka, they do not have power to use technology in daily life. The idea is to provide them with sufficient power to meet their needs,\" said Ramesh Vishwanath, director, Sunair Power Private Ltd, manufacturers of the vertical axis wind turbine.THE EXHIBITIONRenewable Asia 2012 has brought together different sources of energy and applications under one roof. Over the next three days, the exhibition is expected to highlight developments in the realm of energy and, in turn, make it accessible to the end users. New technologies, products and solutions are on display.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "11922636", "title": "Amazon beats Samsung, becomes No. 2 in tablet market", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Amazon.com Inc , the world's largest online retailer, surpassed Samsung Electronics Co as the No. 2 seller of tablet computers last quarter, shipping 3.89 million units, according to research firm IHS Inc.Amazon's share rose to 14 per cent in the period, up from zero in the third quarter, while Samsung slipped to 8 per cent from 11 per cent, according to Englewood, Colorado-based IHS. Apple Inc, meanwhile, maintained its lead in the market, accounting for more than half of shipments.Amazon rolled out its Kindle Fire tablet in November, aiming to undercut Apple's iPad by selling a tablet at less than half the price. While the Fire may have taken some market share from the iPad, Apple faced even more competition from its own mobile device, the iPhone, said Rhoda Alexander, who manages tablet research for IHS.\"Shipments of the iPad line fell short of IHS estimates in the fourth quarter as many loyal Apple customers devoted their dollars to shiny new alternatives,\" she said in the report. \"The primary alternative wasn't the Kindle Fire -- which debuted to solid sales in the fourth quarter -- but Apple's own iPhone 4S smartphone.\"Apple shipped 15.4 million iPads to capture 57 per cent of the market. The company had a 62 per cent share for the year, compared with 87 per cent in 2010, when there was little competition. Samsung shipped 2.14 million tablets in the fourth quarter. The whole market rose 55 per cent to 27.1 million, according to IHS.Amazon's shipment figures fell in line with estimates from Ross Sandler, an analyst at RBC Capital Markets who predicted 3 million to 4 million units in the fourth quarter. Other analysts expected more, with Jordan Rohan at Stifel Nicolaus &amp; Co projecting as many as 6 million and Anthony DiClemente at Barclays Capital looking for 5.5 million.Shares of Amazon, based in Seattle , fell 2.5 per cent to $179.93 at the close in New York . The stock has gained 3.9 per cent this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11919761", "title": "Students want CBSE counsellors to be 'generous'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: From expecting the helpline counsellors to reveal the question paper ahead of exams to seeking tuitions in the days left, students appearing for the board exams continue to misinterpret the helpline.While some such queries are infuriating others are hilarious for principals and teachers to answer. Set by the Central Board of Secondary Education ( CSBE), peculiar queries continue to pour in at the helpline numbers as practical exams kick-off for the boards on Wednesday.\"Although the helpline is meant to guide students, some misinterpret it as an easy ticket to know questions set in the paper. A boy called me today to ask if I can provide him tuitions for exams,\" said Pravinder Kaur, English lecturer at Government Model Senior Secondary School, Sector 35.Still other students expect the counsellors to reveal the question paper to them! \"While some queries are from parents, some others are from students who did not study the whole year and expect that questions be revealed to them.One student asked me which 10 questions to study, out of which the question paper would be set,\" said Madhu Behl, principal KB DAV School in Sector 7, who handles stress related queries for CBSE, New Delhi. Still other counsellors continue to get queries related to Punjab and Haryana boards.\"Several queries have been pouring in related to Punjab and Haryana state board exams and students are inquisitive about the syllabi,\" added Raviraj Kaur, principal, GMSSS, Sector 35. Sukkneer Sehkon, principal of GSSS, Sector 27 echoed similar sentiments, adding that parents are enquiring if the entire syllabus is to be studied for exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "11920479", "title": "Navy UAV crashes near Vizag", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: An Indian Navy unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) crashed into a hill at Ganesh Nagar near Gajuwaka RTC depot on Thursday afternoon with residents in the area which is close to Eastern Naval Command (ENC) grateful that a major tragedy had been averted.Several factories, like HPCL, Coromandel and Zinc are located in the vicinity but no loss of life or property has been reported.The accident occurred between 2.30-3 pm when Israeli-origin searcher, MK II UAV, was returning to base following a sortie which, rumours suggest, was flown to reconnoitre Maoist stronghold areas as part of Operation Green Hunt.This is the second time that a Navy aircraft has crashed in the last two years. In February 2010, a Chetak helicopter crashed into Sarada river between Anakapalle and Tummapala, 55 km from here. The pilot was killed and three officers were injured in the incident.There was a big explosion seconds after the UAV crashed and the aircraft was reduced to ashes within minutes of hitting the hill. Thankfully, the accident site was 150 metres away from a densely populated slum that is situated on the hillside.Within half-an-hour of the crash, two Navy choppers appeared overhead to conduct an aerial survey. The ENC personnel recovered the black box from the accident site. Sources said that the UAV belonged to the southern command. The MK II tactical aircraft is used for surveillance, target acquisition, reconnaissance and damage assessment. \"UAVs are used by the Navy during exercises and operational deployments,\" a defence expert said.About 5,000 people gathered at the spot soon after the crash. \"I came out of my house after hearing a loud explosion to see smoke rising from the hill,\" Mallikarjuna Rao, a resident of Ganesh Nagar, said. The Navy has ordered an inquiry into the circumstances which led to the crash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11920029", "title": "EC slams Maurya for rude behaviour, issues notice", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Election Commission, on Thursday, pulled up senior Bahujan Samaj Party leader Swami Prasad Maurya for \"interfering\" in the work of security personnel at a polling station in Kushinagar's Padrauna constituency on February 11.The commission's order came in the wake of a quarrel that had broken out between Maurya and security personnel at the Tulsi Inter College polling booths on the day of polls. According to the CEC notice sent to him on Thursday, \"Maurya had visited the polling stations at Padrauna around 10.20 am and was not wearing the photo identity card of the candidate issued by the RO as required under the Commission's existing instructions.\"During the second phase of assembly elections in the state, apart from not carrying his identity card as he should have, Maurya also has a heated exchange with security personnel after which they asked him to disclose his identity. The commission, after reviewing the video recording of the incident, which was also splashed across local television networks, found the backward leader's actions in violation of the model code of conduct. Following the notice issued to Maurya on Thursday, the commission has given him time to respond to the charges, by February 17, failing which the commission will take further action against Maurya. Assembly elections news 2012UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11921016", "title": "Cage culture catches up in coastal districts", "text": "MANGALORE: Ban on monsoon fishing need not be an unproductive session for fishermen. The Capture Based Aquaculture (CBA) or cage culture, which is gaining popularity among fishermen, could provide an alternative source of fish when adverse climatic conditions prevent them from venturing into the sea.The Central Marine Fisheries Research Institute officials, who introduced this technology in Uppunda near Byndoor last year, say this concept could be popularized along the coast for sustainable use of finfish resources to augment fish production.\"The institute, on an experimental basis and to educate fishermen, installed five cages at Uppunda last year and of them, three were partially harvested when fish grew to marketable size. The total production from three cages, including sea bass, red snapper and pearl spot, was around 750 kg realizing a farm gate price of Rs 1.5 lakh. The cages were harvested when the mechanized fishing was banned,\" Dinesh Babu, senior scientist at CMFRI, Mangalore, said.Babu says the estuarine and coastal waters of the state is known for the abundance of finfish seeds of mullets, sand whiting, pearl spot, milkfish, Indian terapon, butterfish and flatfishes. During June-September, juveniles of a number of cultivable species of finfish are caught in the seines, cast nets and gillnets operated along the coast.The institute has set up three demonstrative units at Mulihitlu a month ago to popularize it in Dakshina Kannada. Ravindra Kharvi of Sampradayaka Meenugara Sangha, Byndoor Valaya of Uppunda village, says fish can be harvested once in two years and fetch about Rs 200 per kg. The cages cost about Rs 30,000 and can be used for three to four years. He has introduced juveniles in three cages in November and expects a harvest of 500-700 kg in two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11919939", "title": "'Russian may have died due to injection of narcotics'", "text": "PANAJI: The 25-year-old Russian, Vladimia Popov, who was found dead in his room on Monday at Baga expired due to extensive pulmonary oedema caused in a person who is injected with suspected narcotic substance, the postmortem report has revealed.Popov had arrived in Goa with his girlfriend on Sunday evening and was found dead in his room at a Baga hotel early Monday morning. A case of unnatural death has been registered by Calangute police. The body has been preserved at the Goa Medical College (GMC) and Hospital morgue.Police said that his girlfriend had left the room at around 8.30pm on Sunday. When she returned at around 2.30am, she found her boyfriend lying dead on the room floor. Police found two used syringes and several liquor bottles in the room.The police are also looking into other aspects of the case after a hotel staff member informed them that he had heard a sound from the room at night, a few hours before Popov's body was found.\"Viscera has been preserved for chemical examination,\" police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11919309", "title": "DC apologizes on panel\u2019s direction", "text": "RANCHI: Koderma deputy commissioner Sheo Shankar Tiwary had to apologize during a meeting of the privilege committee of state assembly chaired by speaker C P Singh here on Thursday which was convened to hear a complaint of BJP MLA from Barhi Uma Shankar Akela. Akela moved a privilege motion against the DC accusing him of misbehaviour.An FIR was earlier lodged by the MLA with Koderma police against Tiwary in this connection. During the meet, the committee verified evidences and cross questioned both sides to come to the bottom of the matter. Akela alleged that during a meet of the electricity department in Koderma on June 16, 2011, the DC did not show any respect to him when he entered into the meeting hall.\"DC was accusing an electricity department of irregularities to which I objected reacting to which the DC asked me to 'get out' of the meet,\" Akela said. Though Tiwary refused to admit the allegations, the committee sought details from other officials, who attended the meet on that day. Using the deposition of other officials as evidence along with minutes of the meeting as tabled by the DC, the committee decided to direct Tiwary to apologize before the MLA. Singh said no bureaucrat is demeaned by expressing gratitude to the peoples' representatives.On direction of the committee, Tiwary agreed to apologize in front of speaker and leader of opposition saying \"I apologize if my behaviour or action in the said meeting had hurt sentiments of the honourable member of the house in any way and I further assure to behave properly with people's representative in future,\" he said. Once Tiwary apologized, Akela requested Speaker to pardon him and the case was disposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11919181", "title": "STET examinees warned", "text": "PATNA: Principal secretary, education department, Anjani Kumar Singh on Thursday said that there would be no re-examination for those candidates who fail to appear for the Secondary Teachers' Eligibility Test (STET) on February 17 due to their inability to reach the examination centres. He said that the examinees have to reach the centres at any cost.Singh said that in the wake of a decision of the agriculture cabinet to include agriculture subject in the Class IX and Class X curriculum, he would soon constitute a committee to discuss the modalities for developing an easily comprehensible school-level agriculture subject. He said that the agriculture cabinet has also decided to include agriculture as an optional subject at the Intermediate level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11919951", "title": "Air services to Jamshedpur resume from Feb 15", "text": "KOLKATA: With the Northeast Shuttles announcing regular flights between Kolkata and Jamshedpur from February 15, the steel city made will make a comeback into the aviation map with non-scheduled operator on Wednesday. In the past five years, the sector has experienced a lot of turbulence with Air Deccan, Kingfisher, MDLR and Deccan Charters pulling out of services due to various reasons recording despite good loads.\"The day after Valentine's, we will start six days-a-week charter flights between Kolkata and Jamshedpur. After a fortnight, we will increase operations to twice daily flights, one in the morning and the other in the afternoon,\" Northeast Shuttles managing director Shoba Mani said on Monday.Though schedules were not published, the operator is not allowed to publish schedules. The Dornier 228 took off at 9am and returned around 10.30am on Wednesday, sources said. The flight time to Jamshedpur is 35 minutes; the turnover time 15 minutes. The afternoon flight is likely to took off around 3pm.Air Deccan and Kingfisher had to discontinue service after load restrictions were imposed due to the short length of the runway. Since the two airlines had ATR flights with 48 and 72 seats respectively, operations became unviable as soon as the Directorate General of Civil Aviation announced load restrictions.In the case of the other two operators, internal issues led to the suspension of service. All the operators acknowledge that there is capacity for 100 passengers daily on the sector but the runway constraint of 3,500 ft meant that only small aircraft could be operated.\"An 18-20 seater flight can easily do three trips between Jamshedpur and Kolkata. With a host of companies including Tata Steel , Tata Motors , Tata Robins Fraser, Lafarge and Indian Steel &amp; Wire Products, there is no dearth of travel requirement for busy executives,\" one of them said.Mani is keen to tap in on the existing demand with the 18-seater turbo prop aircraft. One-way ticket on the Kolkata-Jamshedpur sector is priced at Rs 4,250. \"There's ready business on the sector. We are confident enough to not call for any guarantees from Tata Steel,\" she said, adding that she did not foresee a repeat of Cooch Behar where Northeast Shuttles discontinued service due to poor load despite the state guaranteeing eight seats.\"Two flights a week is fine on the Cooch Behar-Kolkata sector but not more. Once the Jamshedpur service regularizes, we will take up the issue of Cooch Behar with the state government. Thereafter, will we will look at other sectors like Bagdogra, Durgapur, Bhubaneswar and Ranchi,\" Mani added. While the one-way ticket on the Kolkata-Jamshedpur sector will cost Rs 4,250, it will charter the aircraft on the Cooch Behar sector at Rs 75,000/hr.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11924347", "title": "Firing by Italian crew that killed two fishermen 'error of judgement': Coast Guard", "text": "KOCHI: The firing by crew of the Italian merchant vessel that left two Indian fishermen dead was an \"error of judgement\", the Coast Guard said on Friday.The vessel, Enrica Lexie, had not reported the incident. It was the coastal police at Neendakara in Kollam district which reported the incident to the Coast Guard and search operations were launched, Inspector General S P S Basra, Regional Commander of Coast Guard Region (West), told reporters here.The vessel was in the Indian Exclusive Zone when the incident occurred on Wednesday, he said. \"It was an error of judgement on the part of the vessel\", he said, adding, firing on unarmed fishermen was not correct.\"They (Italian vessel) had taken some time to accept the case. FIR has been registered and police was investigating the case,\" he said when asked about the reported delay in taking action against the erring vessel.On the explanation by the Italian vessel that they had opened fire suspecting the fishermen to be pirates, he said, \"Any incident of piracy has to be immediately reported to the Coast Guard. They have not done it. They informed over two and a half hours later\", Basra said.The Mercantile Rescue Co-ordination Centre (MRCC) has done a commendable job, he said. The Italian ship has stated that they had sighted a \"suspicious\" boat off Alapuzha on February 15 at about 1600 hours at 2.8 nautical miles closing in.The boat was \"warned\" flashing search lights and displaying weapons but it continued the chase and closed in up to 100 metres. The security team of the ship sighted six persons and fired warning shots, it stated.The crew informed the owners and sent Ship Security Alert System. The master sounded alarm and the boat aborted the chase, it was further stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "farukhabad, up", "code": "11923850", "title": "Cases registered against Salman Khurshid's wife - Louis Khurshid, 3 others", "text": "FARUKHABAD, UP: Separate cases have been registered against Union Minister Salman Khurshid's wife and Congress candidate Louis Khurshid, BJP candidate Sunil Dutt Dwivedi and two others for allegedly violating the model code of conduct.Louis, who is contesting polls from Sadar seat here, has been charged with violating the model code of conduct for not taking prior permission to conduct road shows of Bollywood actors Sanjay Dutt and Raj Babbar .Similar cases have been filed against BJP candidate Dwivedi, Jankranti Party candidate Mohan Agarwal and Independent Anupam Dubey at city police station for allegedly violating conduct during campaigning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11919896", "title": "IAF to induct Russian Mi-17 V5 armed choppers today", "text": "NEW DELHI: India on Friday will formally induct its latest Mi-17 V5 armed helicopters from Russia that will greatly enhance its capabilities to carry troops and cargo at higher altitudes as well as help in combat operations.With Russia delivering 21 of the 80 Mi-17s ordered under the $1.34-billion deal in 2008 till now, the induction ceremony will take place at the Palam airbase in the presence of defence minister A K Antony. As earlier reported by TOI, India is likely to go in for 59 more Mi-17s, after the first 80 have been inducted by around 2014, in what will cost the country another $1 billion.IAF is going to deploy the first squadrons of the new Mi-17s, which will also make it possible for the force to spare some more helicopters for logistical support in the ongoing anti-naxal operations, at Bhatinda and Srinagar.\"These helicopter fall in the armed helicopter category, with substantial and effective firepower with the latest and more powerful engines that will greatly enhance its payload carriage capability at higher altitudes. The Mi-17 V5 is an upgrade of Mi-17, which we already have, in the medium-lift category and is equipped with state-of-the-art avionics and on board Navigation Systems. It has on board weather radar, state of the art autopilot and is compatible with the latest-generation night vision goggles,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "11920055", "title": "Protests greet Sushanta at court", "text": "MIDNAPORE: Former minister Sushanta Ghosh, the prime accused in the Garbeta skeleton case, appeared in Midnapore court on Thursday along with 18 other co-accused who are now in custody. Counsel for the 18 prayed for bail which was rejected by the court. Ghosh is out on bail granted by the Supreme Court.A large group of people gathered outside the court around 10am when Ghosh reached there. Hailing from Radhanagar village in Garbeta, they shouted slogans demanding punishment for Ghosh and carried placards outlining the demands.The slogans were repeated by the court when Ghosh left the court at 2 p.m. after the hearing. Police removed them, allowing Ghosh's car to leave. Ghosh left for Kolkata along NH-6. It stopped on the way at Mohonpur where his mother Mrinmoyee Ghosh was brought from her village home in another car. Earlier in the courtroom, local CPM leader Dibakar Bhunia met Sushanta who told him that he wanted to meet his mother on the way back to Kolkata.On meeting his mother, Ghosh asked her to get into his car and took her to Kolkata for treatment.During the hearing, lawyers for the 18 accused cited the same grounds Ghosh had based his bail petition in the SC which granted his bail. But the Midnapore court rejected the bail prayer of the 18. There are 20 accused in the case in all of whom 19, including Ghosh appeared in court on Thursday.The 20th accused, CPM leader Kiriti Ray, is undergoing treatment in a Kolkata hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11919773", "title": "Spells of rain greet city, temperature dips", "text": "KOLKATA: With maximum temperature soaring to 31.6 degree Celsius on Wednesday afternoon, spells of rain at night came as a pleasant surprise for Kolkatans. Drizzles were also reported from some parts of Kolkata on Thursday morning, with the maximum temperature dipping by a few degrees. The sky is expected to clear by Friday evening and once that happens, the mercury is expected to dip further.The sharp spell of rain on Wednesday night came as a surprise to many. On Thursday also drizzle of light rain was reported from pockets. The sky is expected to get cleared up by Friday evening. And once that happens the temperature is expected to drop slightly again.The squall on Wednesday night in parts of Kolkata and in Dum Dum on Thursday morning in Dum Dum was because of a western disturbance over northern parts of Bengal and Bihar. Under its influence, a trough of low pressure had developed over Chhatisgarh and the Peninsular region.\"The clouds are expected to move away by Friday evening or night. After that, the mercury will come down again by one or two degrees below the normal mark. It could be a little colder but not chilly at the peak of winter. But this phase will not last long as winter is already at its fag end,\" said a meteorologist at the Regional Meteorological Centre Kolkata.The day temperature on Thursday was 24.5 (-5), few degrees below the 31.5 recorded on Wednesday. the normal mark.The minimum temperature at 18.7 degree Celsius was at its normal mark. On Friday, this parameter on Friday is expected to be around 28 and 19 degree Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11923761", "title": "People have appreciated my get up : Arif Lohar", "text": "One of the living legends of Pakistan, Punjabi folk singer Arif Lohar has created a niche for himself in the international global music.He recently made a tour to India and was spotted in Delhi where he was invited to perform at a private wedding function. In between his schedule, Arif took out some time to specially visit the Times office and posed for an exclusive picture for DT. Arif tells us excitedly, \"This is my fourth tour to India and second visit to Delhi. It's a very short trip and I have too many plans in mind. Unfortunately this time I have very little time but whenever I have visited India I have always carried back home good memories. This time I had in my mind that I would visit the Times office as it was through this esteemed publication -the Aman ki Asha campaign that I got the opportunity to perform for the first time in India at the Hyderabad last year. Aman ki Asha was a huge platform for me and I believe it gave chance to artists like us from Pakistan to showcase our talents before the Indian audience.\"Arif who usually sings Sufi songs and qawwalis with native instrument chimta tells us emotionally, \" Mera ekh alag hi andaaz hota main samajta hun ki har artist ka alag alag andaz hona chahiye. Massallah! I feel every star has his or her own style of performing. Humme maan hain humaare pakistani fankaars saare videsh main faile hue hain be it india or abroad. Hume shaan hain ki humaare fankaro ne India main apna naam kamaya hain aur aaj is manzil pe pahuche hain ki log unhe jaane lage hain.\"Arif who will be rendering his voice in upcoming Bollywood movie 'Agent Vinod' shares his experience, \" I feel very happy when people recognise me as Dum gutgoo singer . I think meri sufi kalaam us time pe popular hua jis waqt uski bahut zaroorat thi. Main jaabi jaauga apni style se jaaunga. Main Chimtaa lekhar bhi apne aap ko rockstar maanta hun. Honestly speaking I was all excited when I was offered to sing in a Bollywood movie. Mujhe acha laga ki logon ko mera style pasand aaya aur meri awaaz ko sune ki kwaish rakte hain. Bollywood has been exploring lot of artists from Pakistan like atif Aslam , Rahat Fateh ali, Ali Zafar and many others. I feel proud when I watch young talented artists in Pakistan who have formed band aur jinhone zaare duniya main tehalka macha diya hain. It is a fact, People in Pakistan religiously follow bollywood movies and now the awareness is more because we are getting to see more and more artists from Pakistan making their way to Bollywood. It was altogether a very different experience to sing for a Bollywood movies. Mera andaaz wahi rahega bus sirf dun alag hogi.\"Surprisingly, Arif who is known for his rocking performance at live concerts was offered to perform at a nightclub in Delhi. So did he agree to do it? He confesses, \" I enjoy doing live shows more. Frankly, I have never tried performing at any discos or nightclubs. I have always objected and refused. But I realised as an artist it is always good to experiment. Isliye jab mujhe invitation mila nightclub main gaane ke liye maine accept kar liye.\" Finally, Arif agreed to perform at one of Delhi's famous nightclub. \"Mujhe anadaaza hi nahi tha ki mere India main itne fans hain. It was a great high for me when I heard my songs being played at nightclubs here in India. This was my first time experience to perform at a nightclub. I didn't have a clue where to start and when to end my song. He moment I started my performance crowd stopped their drinks and all came forward towards the stage area to cheer, sing and dance to my song. Surprisingly, my performance went on for three hours. After this experience I have gained more confidence and would shy away from performing at clubs anymore.\"Besides singing, Arif has also acted in films. He tells us, \"I have also acted in films but I feel more comfortable as a singer before the audience. I like to be recognised more as a singer than an actor.\" Unlike other Pakistani artist Arif has his own style statement. \"People have appreciated my get up ....black dress , silver locket and long hairdo and chimta in hand. Agar main nahi pahnuga toh kaun pahnega .. agar shayad kisi ko pasand aaye toh who bhi pahnega.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11920255", "title": "Anam ready with \u2018realistic\u2019 budget", "text": "HYDERABAD: Stating that increased Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP) will allow the state to secure more central loans, finance minister Anam Ramnarayan Reddy is all set to present a Rs 1,46,600 crore budget in the Assembly on Friday, an increase of 12% over last year's budget.Of this, Rs 48,900 crore will be for the annual plan of year 2012-13 and Rs 92,000 crore as non-plan expenditure. Rs 5,450 crore is to come in the form of centrally-sponsored schemes while the state's own tax revenue is expected to increase by 15% to reach Rs 67,000 crore.\"This year, the budget allocations are most realistic. While all welfare schemes are being continued, some of them are being modified so that the schemes reach the intended beneficiaries. The budget will be a surplus one and tax-free,\" finance minister Anam Ramnarayan Reddy told TOI.Irrigation is expected to get an allocation of Rs 15,000 crore. While Rs 4,100 crore is to be allocated for energy, education may get Rs 3,800 crore, health Rs 1,750 crore, Arogyasri Rs 900 crore and agriculture Rs 1,870 crore.Chief minister Kiran Reddy wants to earmark Rs 200 crore exclusively for the construction of sports stadiums in all constituencies in the state. The CM's special development fund is slated to get Rs 600 crore.Of the total annual plan, 62% of the funds are to be allotted for economic services such as agriculture, industry, energy, irrigation, rural development and transport and around 37% for social service sectors such as education, medical and health, rural water supply, sports and youth welfare and housing.According to sources, the state has decided Rs 6.40 lakh crore GSDP in the advanced estimates and based on that, the state's eligibility to raise loans has been upwardly revised to Rs 20,500 crore from Rs 18,000 crore. The state's own tax revenue is pegged at Rs 67,000 crore with a 23% increase in excise and VAT incomes. Salary and pension are set to increase by 50% due to the sanctioning of additional dearness allowance in this financial year. Special fund for welfare and area development, is slated to get Rs 600 crore this year. For Pileru, a sum of Rs 50 crore may be earmarked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11919934", "title": "Kalamna victim sells house to pay medical bills", "text": "NAGPUR: The woes of the Kalamna warehouse collapse victim's family don't seem to end. While the only victim still in hospital, Rajesh Gaikwad's condition remains critical, the labourer's family has fallen into a financial mess as well. Till Thursday, Rajesh was undergoing treatment at the government-run Mayo hospital free of charge. However his family decided to shift him to a private hospital, despite the heavy burden of the bills that they would had to pay as they believed that they could avail better treatment facilities in a private set up.However, now they are considering taking him back to a government hospital as they have already sold off their ancestral home at Dongargarh to meet the daily expenses of the hospital, which has piled up to Rs 35,000 and would have to do the same with their farmlands if they keep him in the private hospital for long.\"I am worried about the fate of not just my husband, but also my five children. How am I ever going to provide for them?,\" questioned Rajesh's wife Brijbai in a choked voice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11920002", "title": "Young voters may jack up polling", "text": "LUCKNOW: From the ever happening Hazratganj, to the nostalgic old city and the up market Gomtinagar area, boundaries of Lucknow central assembly segment envelope the heart of Lucknow. The evenings in this constituency get sprightly with gen-x and y hitting the streets in ganj or gomtinagar. But the middle and well-to-do voters in this assembly constituency have however been relaxing during last Vidhan Sabha election's poll day. Figures show that only three out of ten voters exercised franchise.So will the cream of Lucknow pass the poll test on Sunday when Lucknow goes to poll? Officials at the district administration are hopeful for a better turnout. \"Over 53% of the voters in this constituency are young and first time voters,\" said OP Arya, additional district electoral officer. Government officer, Lalita Pradeep who used valentine day into voter day, is also charged with optimism. \"The same middle class resorted to streets when team Anna raised a voice against corruption,\" she said suggesting that February 19 will also be a litmus test for the hyped 'Anna factor' and the under-current movement against corruption besides the battling candidates.The main fight on this seat is between Vidya Sagar Gupta, sitting MLA from Lucknow east and his old antagonist Fakir Siddiqui who is contesting on a congress ticket this time. Siddiqui lost to Gupta in 2007 vidhan Sabha with just 631 votes. As the two consider the other their biggest opponent, they offer an explanation for the same. \"Delimitation has lead to an increase in the number of Muslim voters in the constituency who can play a crucial role,\" said Gupta.Siddiqui on the other hand takes into account the large presence of upper caste voters (Brahmin, Vaishya and Kayastha) on the seat. \"Most of the localities in this seat are a BJP stronghold not only at the party level but also at the level of RSS,\" Siddiqui stated. Ravidas Mehrotra, the Samajwadi Party candidate - who also considers Gupta as his chief opponent - has made the contest triangular. A former MLA (in 1988) and corporator who lost last elections to another BJP candidate Suresh Srivastava with 5,000 votes is banking on his strong people connect to win the seat. \"Unlike most candidates, I have been to jail for 240 times (a record acclaimed by Limca and Guiness book of world records) only for the cause of people in my area. They will reward me this time,\" Mehrotra said.Ruling BSP has fielded Mohd Naseem Siddiqui, owner of an ice-cream factory having an inclination for social work. Barring the party's name, Siddiqui offers little to his electorate during electioneering. Asked to comment what he would do for his people when voted to power, he said, \"I have been a social worker and would continue to work for them.\" The businessman however could not talk about specifics. Thus, his presence appears to be just 'representational'. In fact it may not be wrong to say that he is just one of the 19 other candidates contesting elections from here.The jargon of caste may not help these candidates. \"The young mind is not affected by traditional factors of caste and religion. They have compelled political parties to change their profile and the focus has shifted to candidates. A time is not far when only work will be the deciding factor,\" hoped Sanjay Singh, of Association for Democratic Reforms. A random view taken by these voters proves Singh right. \"Caste is the last thing that comes to my mind for anything,\" said Parth Arora, a young engineering student. Assembly elections news 2012UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11920887", "title": "There\u2019s a strong undercurrent in favour of BJP: Kalraj", "text": "After proving his mettle in the party rank as a good manager, Bharatiya Janata Party Rajya Sabha MP and former state minister Kalraj Mishra has jumped into the poll fray and is all set to make an electoral debut from Lucknow East assembly constituency. Speaking to Arunav Sinha, the BJP warhorse brushes aside allegations of internal bickering in the party on a host of issues.What prompted you to contest polls? And why did you go for Lucknow East?Senior national leaders were of the view that if we want to come back to power in UP, then senior leaders in the state must contest polls and send a message to the public that BJP is indeed serious about coming back to power. For this, the party directed me, Uma Bharati and former UP BJP chief Ramapati Ram Tripathi to contest polls. As far as Lucknow East is concerned, I was given the seat after much deliberation keeping in mind the delimitation and my dual role (in the party organisation and as a candidate). Generally, in the morning I interact with voters in my constituency, while in the afternoon, I address election rallies in different parts of the state. My day starts at 6.30 a.m. and gets over at 11.00 p.m.How do you rate your chances in this election?The BJP will form the government this time in UP. There has been an increase in the voting percentage, which is a good sign, and there is a strong undercurrent in favour of the BJP. We will emerge as the single-largest party this time and I see a strong possibility that we form the government. And if we fail to form the government, we would rather prefer to sit in the opposition.Questions are being raised on the weakness, which exist in the party's organisational structure following a series of controversial incidents. How do you look at this?The organisation is strong and has enough number of workers. Our leaders are effective enough to manage polls. They are accessible to every party worker and have good network among the public. On organisation front, we are strong and there is no internal crisis in the party. Our party is a bunch of cadre-based workers, who are performing the task assigned to them with a missionary zeal. And, I have no doubt on their integrity and sincerity.There have been allegations that family politics is gradually seeping into BJP, which the party had been vociferously opposing. Don't you think that this will affect the party's poll prospects?This blame has no basis. Both, Ashutosh Tandon and Pankaj Singh are dedicated party workers and have contributed significantly for the party in the state. They have been working for the party since a long time and know their job well. So, this argument of family politics gaining ground in BJP holds no water.How do you see Anna factor and its effect on UP polls and politics?BJP has been for long raising the issues of price rise, blackmoney and corruption, both inside the Parliament and outside. The same issues were raised by Anna Hazare and Baba Ramdev. Both created an awakening in the country and had impact on the society. And, BJP extended its unconditional support to the movement. I think this will definitely go in favour of the BJP.The entry of tainted BSP ministers such as Babu Singh Kushwaha and his cabinet colleagues vitiated the atmosphere in the party. As a result, many young leaders tendered their resignation from the party post. Do you endorse that Kushwaha episode dented party's image?Babu Singh Kushwaha did not agree to the 4.5% sub-quota for Muslims in the 27% reservation for OBCs. He was of the view that this would hurt the backwards. So, he tried to oppose the move of the Congress and came in touch with the BJP. And we decided to strategically allow him to enter the party. However, the move generated a chain reaction both in the party and outside the party, so the BJP decided to withdraw his membership, which he also agreed to. As of now, Kushwaha is only a BJP supporter. He is not a BJP member.Assembly elections news 2012UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11919183", "title": "CBI chief\u2019s black money figure based on SC panel\u2019s report, says minister", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Thursday said CBI chief A P Singh's statement on black money (worth Rs 24.5 lakh crore) stashed abroad was based on the report of a Supreme Court-appointed committee on black money.\"I have spoken to the CBI director and he told me that he made the statement on the basis of a report prepared by a Supreme Court-appointed committee,\" minister of state for personnel V Narayanasamy said after inaugurating the Centralised Public Grievance Redress and Monitoring System for speedy disposal of complaints.He said the SC had set up a committee on black money and it had submitted its report. \"He (CBI chief) mentioned this (figure) on the basis of this report,\" Narayanasamy said.Meanwhile, the web-based portal inaugurated by the minister has the facility to attach grievance petitions or documents in the system after scanning. It also facilitates generation of monitoring reports and SMS alerts to the petitioners and the nodal Public Grievance Officer.The minister's office interface of CPGRMS will also be made available to offices of ministers in other ministries or departments for use shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11920660", "title": "Auto engineering contest off to a flying start", "text": "INDORE: National automobile engineering event, BAJA SAE India got off to a flying start at Pithampur on Thursday with technical inspections of vehicles, which were prepared by engineering students.Hundred teams from various engineering colleges across the country participated in the competition. For next three days, the teams will showcase their prototype of a rugged single seat, off road recreational four-wheel vehicle and big names from the automobile sector will judge vehicles on the basis of cost evaluation and innovative designs.Dr Pawan Goenka, event steering committee member said, \"Since its inception the event has proved to be a great platform for young budding engineers to show their technical skills, acquired during the academic tenure.\" The automobile companies would give around 200 students on spot job offer at the end of the event.Goenka said automobile engineering competition helps hone skills of young engineering students, which goes a long way towards developing youth and technical human resource required for the country. India has become 7the largest automobile manufacturing country in 2011. Currently, India needs one million automobile engineers every year and events like this helps achieve the goal.Dr K C Vora, advisor for the event, said, \"It is a unique event as it provides aspiring engineers a platform to tap their potential and gives them an opportunity to develop marketing and entrepreneurial skills. The event also gives students a chance to practically implement the fundamentals and concept.\"The competition aims at replicating the process involved in creating a commercially viable vehicle which encompasses all aspects from concept to delivery. The event began at the National Automobile Test Track ( NATRAX) in Pithampur on Thursday and will end on February 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11919881", "title": "Cabinet nod for one-time relief for highways ministry", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union Cabinet on Thursday gave its nod to the highways ministry's one-time exemption to invite bids for at least 1,300km of national highway (NH) projects sans the mandatory approval from the Public Private Partnership Accounts Committee (PPPAC).An official note from the finance ministry said that the empowered group of ministers (EGoM) had agreed to recommend the relaxation till March 31 to make the highways ministry achieve the target of awarding 7,300 km. However, the relief is subject to certain conditions.\"Opening of bids and award of projects will be done only after the formal approval of the Cabinet Committee on Infrastructure ( CCI) for each project has been obtained,\" the note says.Sources in the NHAI said tenders would be posted on the website on Friday to expedite the awarding of projects.The ministry had sought the special relaxation since the guidelines stipulate that a 45-day notice has to be given before any bid can be received, and now only that many days are left during this fiscal when it is mandated to meet the target of awarding 7,300km.So far, NHAI has awarded 4,691 km of NH, and the bidding process is on for another 1,110 km.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11918376", "title": "Israeli embassy car attack: Bomb make crucial to probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: The security apparatus is still scrambling for clues three days after a bomb ripped through a car of the Israeli embassy. On Thursday, the police brass held emergency meetings with senior government officials and members of intelligence agencies - IB, RAW and NIA. They discussed the strategy to crack the case.Sources said investigators are doing a tightrope walk as both Iran and Israel are strategically important to India. Sleuths of RAW and IB have been asked to mobilize resources and swiftly get inputs on the terrorists. At the meeting, the intelligence brass, however, ruled out the role of Indian Mujahideen or Lashkar in the attack.But even after 72 hours, investigators are yet to pinpoint the make of the bomb. The forensic report is still awaited. Sources said it's crucial to first establish if the bomb was assembled abroad or in India. This will provide vital clues on whether there was an indigenous terror hand.Sources told TOI that senior bureaucrats and government officials hammered out a strategy on the line of investigation as they don't want to base the probe on wild charges.While Israel is blaming Iran for the attack, investigators say it is too early to pin the blame on Teheran as there is little evidence now. \"We want to conduct a fair investigation. We cannot assume theories without evidence because it is a diplomatic issue,\" said a senior police officer.Delhi Police sources say they have been asked to double check information before taking a line on investigation. Officials have also been asked to not name any country. \"There is no concrete clue yet on the blast,\" said a senior officer. Delhi Police is checking red bikes in the city suburbs with help of local police.Speaking to TOI, a senior police officer said Thailand and Georgia have provided information on blasts that took place in respective countries. \"Government agencies have been given information from Georgia and Thailand on terror organisations and suspects. Forensic experts are working on these leads,\" he said. Sources said the Bangkok bomb does not bear resemblance to the one triggered at Delhi. The Bangkok bomb has C-4 as ingredient.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11923847", "title": "Soiree of Intellect", "text": "One of the best things about Chennai is the manner in which it cradles both the intellectuals and the pleasure seekers.There's no better city to be for those with a lust for life. And a recent gathering of some highfliers from the city was testament to the spirit of good cheer that is so rife in Chennai. There was much food for thought as the attendees participated in an engrossing discussion that spanned topics as far ranging as love, longing, heartache and more. As the guests exchanged pleasantries and indulged in some hearty banter, they took time out to regale each other with their plans for the weekend as well. There was quite a platter full of events planned for the week and keeping oneself occupied, even with leisure, seemed to be great idea. Well, here's raising a toast to Chennai's high life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11921366", "title": "This cop is a model indeed", "text": "PANCHKULA: He is not just another cop, he is a model, choreographer and an actor whom you may have seen him in many foot-tapping videos. Being a Haryana cop to modelling his way to success, Raj is a perfect hunk and is happy to be a part of two different worlds. Shortlisted for Grasim Mr India contest (2006) and among the first eight selected for Gladrags Mr India, Malkeet Singh better known as Raj has just finished the shooting of a Hollywood movie.Currently working with the Panchkula CID wing, this strapping lad was earlier deployed with the Panchkula traffic police. \"It was sheer grit that made me do what I always longed for. Though I had participated in various dance and modelling competitions at the school and college level, I was 20 when I first participated in the Mr and Miss Valentine's Show in Panchkula, and won the second prize,\" the cop revealed. He added, \"It was around that time that I joined a gym in Chandigarh. And it was there that one day I noticed a pamphlet inviting applications from all those wanting to get into modelling. Though at that time I just applied for fun, but to my surprise I was selected. That moment changed my life and there has been no looking back since then.\"\"Modelling assignments got me a number of Punjabi albums, besides opportunities to choreograph a number of programmes,\" said Raj.But when he lost his father Shamsher Singh, who was working on deputation with the Chandigarh police he had to join the Haryana police to earn a living for his two sisters and mother.\"My dad's death was a big blow for me. But my father's wish to see me a successful model gave me the strength to continue in this field, despite my joining the police force,\" said Raj.Having completed his 35th Punjabi music video a month ago and the shooting of a Hollywood movie directed by Sunil Babbar, Raj revealed how each day poses a new challenge considering policing and modelling are poles apart. \"While modelling and acting requires constant grooming and a lot of effort to look good, as a cop I have to be out in the sun for hours together and make sure that I am alert 24X7,\" said Raj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11918777", "title": "DEd students chip in to help voters", "text": "PUNE: About 90 students studying diploma in education (DEd) at the Ethel Gordon College did their parts by assisting the police outside various polling centres in the Rasta Peth locality in helping voters find their polling booths and names in the voters' list.Pratibha Mhankale, principal of the college, said, \"At least five to six student were assigned at each of the polling centres all over the Rasta Peth locality. Three of our students were also posted at the Market Yard polling centre. Election day is a big day and in the past we have noticed that citizens end up facing several inconveniences at the polling booths. Hence, we decided to join the officials and help them in the polling process.\"The students helped voters find their names, find booth numbers and also assisted them with the identity) proof before entering the booth.\"It was a busy morning as several citizens failed to find their names. We collected a copy of the official voters' list from the election officer and set up a table near the polling centre to make sure that voters were guided through,\" said Puja Jagtap, one of the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11918941", "title": "Five of a family in Baran die after taking tea", "text": "JAIPUR: Five members of a family, including a child, died while five others have been admitted to a hospital in a critical condition after they consumed spurious tea in Baran on Thursday. What made the tea poisonous is being investigated as police said they are completely relying on the forensic report due to lack of any obvious evidence on the spot.According to the police, the incident took place in Koyala village under the Baran Sadar police station area. The deceased have been identified as Ramji Lal (40), his wife Kali Bai (35), their daughter Sajan Kumari (5), Ramji Lal's father-in-law Beerbal (65) and Beebal's wife Bacchi Bai (60).\"All of them belong to the Saharia tribe. Ramji Lal, a labourer, had been staying at his in-laws' house for the past two years,\" said Baran SP Baran K B Vandana. She said five others including Ramji Lal's daughter Raju Bai (6), his son Banwari Lal (8), Beerbal's son Ramswaroop (35), Ramswaroop's son Surendra (5) and his daughter Pinki (14) are undergoing treatment at MBM Hospital in Kota. Their condition is stated to be critical.The officer said Kali Bai had prepared tea and offered it to all the family members in the morning. \"Ramswaroop who gained consciousness at the hospital in the afternoon told the police that the tea tasted bitter despite that they consumed it. Soon after that, they started falling unconscious,\" the officer said.She added that neighbours checked on the family members and then informed the police. \"All were rushed to a local hospital where five of them were declared dead, while five others were referred to the hospital in Kota,\" said the officer.The SP said a forensic examination of the spot was conducted. \"Samples of the tea and the utensils have been seized. There is no apparent reason what led to the deaths. However, it might be possible that the family members mistakenly used pesticide while preparing tea as both look identical. It is also possible that the pot in which tea was prepared was earlier used to store pesticide,\" she added.The officer said police are also looking into the possibility of the tea being spurious or adulterated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "11919248", "title": "Vocational training on bee-keeping begins in Lohardaga", "text": "LOHARDAGA: A 12-day vocational training programme on bee-keeping and oilseed cultivation began at Sabha Mandap near district collectorate in Lohardaga on Thursday.As many as 25 men and women from two women self-help groups and individuals are availing the training with an aim to initiate trade for earning. The organizing agency - Rural Self Employment Training Institute (RSETI) - has linkage programme with Bank of India (BOI) to provide loan and assistance to make the beneficiaries self-reliant.At least 10 women each from Jay Mata Mahila Mandal of Badla village and Nargis Mahila Mandal of Alaudi village and five individuals - Vishram Lohra, Shukru Lohra, Gandira Oraon, Punai Oraon and Gandu Oraon - are availing the Md Shamim's training in bee-keeping and Ashish Kumar in oilseed cultivation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11919077", "title": "\u2018Incredible India\u2019 unites kids, teachers", "text": "MUMBAI: The Children's Academy in Malad (E) hosted the annual V V Bhatt Memorial competition, with 'Incredible India' as its theme.More than 1,500 students from over 48 schools took part in the competition, which encompassed a plethora of events ranging from culture to academics. \"Colleges hold fests where students can showcase their talents, but that does not happen in schools. Our aim is to bridge the gap,\" said Rohit Bhatt, principal, Children's Academy, Ashok Nagar, Kandivli.Besides the star events, including a fashion show, 'Tab Aur Aaj', in which students depicted the journey of Indian fashion from traditional dresses to modern attires, and the 'Jai Ho' quiz, were group and solo dance events, singing competitions and a fancy dress round for the tiny tots. Even teachers were not left out: they displayed their dancing skills in a duet dancing competition and also took part in 'Aesthetic Impressions', an art event.Bhatt said, \"We are trying to fulfil our founder's dream of developing an all-round personality of a student.\" The best school trophy was bagged by St Joseph's School in Orlem, while the first and second runners-up positions were won by Thakur Vidya Mandir and Pawar Public School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11920168", "title": "Service tax issue: Ambika Soni offers to take film delegation to Pranab", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the film industry announcing that it will go on a strike on February 23 against imposition of service tax, the government expressed concern over the increased burden with I&B; minister Ambika Soni offering to take up the issue with the finance minister.\"There has been some talk about a strike... Filmmakers have heard that in the next budget there would be a 10% or so service tax. They don't want that and are very apprehensive so I have told them that we can all go together to meet the finance minister,\" Soni said. She added that the ministry was concerned about the film industry and would extend all the help it can.However, she said keeping in mind some of the big government sponsored schemes, the compulsions of the finance minister also had to be understood by the film industry. \"But we on our part have to understand the compulsions of the finance minister because he has been speaking in recent days about the load of welfare measures that the UPA government has taken up in such a big manner,\" Soni said.Listing welfare measures like MGNREGA, Right to Food and Right to Education, she said, \"Considering all that, the finance minister's position is also very tight but I have offered that the I&B; ministry will team up with the film industry and go to the finance minister.\"Soni said the film industry was upset and as a minister she was concerned and was willing to make efforts but could not stop anyone from going on a strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11919412", "title": "2 voters caught with bogus cards", "text": "A woman was apprehended at the polling station at Abhinav Vachanalaya, ward 59, for producing a duplicate ration card. Calling herself Sarla Sonawane, the woman produced a duplicate card, which was confiscated at the entrance to the polling station. The ration card belonged to one Raju Dagdu Sonawane. The woman failed to provide her husband's name on being asked by the security at the entrance. She then fled from the scene. One Sunil Sharma also came to Abhinav Vachnalaya with someone else's election card and on being questioned, he too fled from the spot.Traffic signal malfunctionsCongress candidate Dinesh Bachhav, who is contesting polls from ward no. 8 (B), is the husband of former Congress minister Shobha Bachhav. Both Dinesh and Shobha were seen greeting voters at Makhmalabad Naka traffic singal (near the polling station at Bhausaheb Hiray School). The traffic signal was not functioning and a crowd had gathered there, leading to a traffic situation. Revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat and Nashik city Congress president Akash Chhajed were also greeting their party candidates outside polling stations in the Panchavati area in the morning hours. Both Thorat and Chhajed came to Makhmalabad Naka in the same vehicle when Shobha and Dinesh Bachhav were busy greeting voters.Candidate helps out votersBJP candidate Rajendra Navale, who is contesting elections from ward no. 3 (B) in the Panchavati division, arrived at the polling station at Rasbihari English Medium School along NH-3 at 8.30am and started helping voters in finding their names on the voter's list on his laptop. He was seen guiding his activists on his mobile.Rebel's day in the sunWhile NCP candidate Dinesh Bachhav and his wife Shobha were seen greeting voters at Makhmalabad Naka, at the same time Congress rebel Gurumit Bagga, who is contesting elections as an Independent candidate from ward 8 (B), was busy in greeting voters on the other side at Dindori Naka in the Panchavati area.Rivals on the same sideShiv Sena candidate Sanjay Bagul and Sena defector and MNS candidate Ashok Mutardak are in a straight fight in ward no. 7 (B). Sena candidate Bagul is the brother of Nashik district Shiv Sena chief Sunil Bagul. Both Ashok Mutardak and Sunil Bagul, along with their supporters were seen standing in front of each other at Uday colony in Ramwadi (Panchavti division), greeting voters peacefully.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "11921186", "title": "Alisha zooms from fast tracks to film reels", "text": "BRS NAGAR: Her stint beside the hot-wheels has opened new avenues to Alisha Ahluwalia, city's shining face at the first Formula 1 Indian grand prix. Preparing to walk on a different turf, Alisha would soon be seen in a Hindi television soap and a Tamil movie, which would be dubbed in Hindi and Chinese.\"It wasn't any way possible that I could pick up Tamil so, they gave me the script in English and the crew helped me understand its meaning for me to come up with apt expressions,'' says Alisha at her BRS Nagar residence. \"I play an airhostess in this complete masala flick which is a combination of action, romance and comedy,'' she adds.Her daily soap is based on a story of two sisters, one of them enacted by Alisha. About 8 episodes have been shot so far says Alisha, adding, \"My character is completely opposite to that in my real life as I play an arrogant opportunist sister. What is better is the soap would be on air at prime time through weekdays.''Alisha confesses to have been fascinated with the glamour world since childhood when she did a shoot for a winterwear brand at the age of 11.Her mother Rita Ahluwalia is elated with her daughters stride in the entertainment industry. But, what worries her is Alisha's fortune of landing competitive opportunities at the same time. \"She has had to do away with great opportunities just because she had already taken up something promising in hand. Even after she signed a contract for this TV soap, she was offered a reality show, which she had to refuse,'' said Rita.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11920395", "title": "It's a troubled child calling!", "text": "KOCHI: The child helplines in the state have been ringing almost continuously. Most get up to 150 calls a day these days. The reason isn't far to seek! Public exams -- classes X and XII.With pressure mounting on them from parents and relatives, children are seeking the help of child welfare groups and NGOs to ward off anxiety. The most sought after are Childline number 1098 and Maithri (0484 2540530).\"What children hate most is 'peer comparison'. Once we got a call from a mother complaining that her daughter, who used to get high scores, was showing a dip in performance. We spoke to the girl, and after a lot of persuasion, she opened up complaining that her mother had always been comparing her marks to that of her neighbour's. We then spoke to her mother and made her understand the problem. Now the child is quite happy. Her marks too have improved,\" said Jaison, a Childline counsellor.While there are more counsellors attending to these phone calls these days, most schools are busy completing portions and revisions. They are not keen on students attending counselling sessions, according to sources.\"We focus on defusing their stress and help them ventilate their feelings. We encourage students to talk to anybody who they are comfortable with. If they don't have anybody like that, we give them the helpline numbers,\" said Adv Rajesh of Maithri.He says that most of the time, counselling in schools are undertaken before January so that children are equipped to deal with stress before exams.\"Sometimes we get calls from children who keep studying all the time. Interestingly, most of the calls are from students who don't study at all or those who are top rankers. Both are afraid of failure. Middle-level students don't have much 'academic-tension',\" says Jaison.Meanwhile, these agencies have an entirely different problem - mobile companies are yet to solve technical hitches associated with these calls.\"When kids call on mobiles, all calls go to Thiruvananthapuram. It then becomes difficult to help a child if we need to call on him/her,\" said Anthony Jinoy, Childline Coordinator, Ernakulam.\"We have complained regarding this. But it appears a solution would take time. We have however, ensured that there are enough volunteers to handle calls wherever they come from,\" he added.What Parents Should Know1. Children will not do well if they fail to cope with stress.2. To avoid stress, parents must provide children the right kind of motivation and environment.3. Just good schooling and tuitions are not substitutes for emotional cushioning.4. Help children maintain their confidence, especially if they seem discouraged by dropping marks. Do not pass your anxiety onto them.5. Set achievement goals realistically -- according a child's capability.6. Do not mix academic issues with family conflicts.7. Praise your child when he/she does well. Encourage performance with positive statements like, \"well done\" \"you can do better\" rather than saying \"that is not enough.\"8. Work out a child's schedule with him/her instead of nagging her/him. There could be learning problems.9. Do not harp on pervious failures or results.10. Under-achievement may be due to children believing it is safer not to try than to try and fail.11. If expectations are too high, some children prefer to be criticized for being lazy than being considered not good enough.12. Humour relieves tension. Be light and humorous with children.13. Try to gain your child's confidence and discuss problems with her/him; help find solution.14. Exams are not the end of the world.15. Accept that everyone doing well is unrealistic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11916667", "title": "Off-poll duty, buses are back on roads", "text": "VARANASI: The completion of third phase of polling in the UP assembly elections has provide a respite to polling parties that returned to their homes in the wee hours on Thursday. The peaceful completion of polling has also facilitated those favouring public transport as a number of roadways buses have also returned from poll duty.\"Some 100 roadways buses were booked for polling parties and security staff in the third phase of voting that covered as many as six districts including Varanasi, Mirzapur, Sonbhadra, Sant Ravidas Nagar, Jaunpur and Chandauli. Most of the buses have returned while a few others are ready to be dispatched to other parts of the state for the next round of voting,\" said PK Tiwari, regional manager, UPSRTC (Varanasi region) on Thursday.While a number of buses returned to Cantonment depot under Varanasi region on Thursday, the bus stand that wore a deserted look on Wednesday sprang back to life with passengers crowding it as usual. \"We have already received a demand for 300 buses and most of them would be used in the first four rounds of elections in the state. In addition, as many as 10 buses (52-seater) have been kept in reserve for providing transportation facilities to security and election staff in emergency. These buses would be sent in phased manner so that the passenger load in the region is met without much hassle,\" said SK Rai, assistant manager (administration), regional office.As per reports of the regional office, the short routes of journey have been preferred in the three rounds of elections avoiding long distance venues, as it involves retention of buses for longer period. The reports of the office also indicate that while the demand is uniform for all the seven rounds of elections in the state, the maximum number of buses would be used in the starting four rounds of assembly elections. The report also indicate that as most parts of east and central UP would be covered in the starting four rounds, only limited services for long distance routes would be offered in the next round of elections.According to regional manager, around 200 buses have been used in the three rounds of polling that began on February 8. There are a total of 488 buses under the belt of regional office and nearly 150 buses have been retained for facilitating bus movement in the region. \"We are hopeful that with the completion of four rounds of voting, the bus services in the region would be normalised to bring respite to passengers,\" he added.It may be mentioned here that out of 488 buses under Varanasi region office, some 150 buses (mostly 32-seater) are hired on contractual basis to offer transportation services in the region. On an average, the roadways buses carry more than 40,000 passengers daily in east UP region.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11920275", "title": "2 arrested, stolen jewellery recovered", "text": "CHENNAI: The Avadi police on Wednesday claimed to have solved a series of burglaries reported in the suburbs with the arrest of two burglars. About 149.5 sovereigns of gold jewellery worth 30 lakh were seized from John, 35, and Kamu alias Kamaraj, 38, of Ambattur. They were later remanded to judicial custody.Police teams led by Avadi assistant commissioner P S Manoharan intercepted the duo during a routine vehicle-check. Preliminary inquiries revealed that the duo had been involved in more than 25 cases of robberies and house break-ins in areas including Avadi, Maduravoyal, Mangadu, Pattabiram, Kilpauk, Royapettah, Chromepet, Madipakkam, MKB Nagar and Ennore.The two \"were involved in muggings during the day and house break-ins at night,\" a police officer said. John, a dancer, was also involved in a few cases of murder and attempt to murder, police said. \"We will take them into police custody to recover more stolen jewellery,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11920669", "title": "Lokayukta raids Vijayanagar\u2019s Cong MLA", "text": "BANGALORE: In simultaneous raids on Thursday, Lokayukta police unearthed more than Rs 7 lakh in cash, 8kg silver articles and 1kg gold ornaments from the houses and offices of Congress MLA from Vijayanagar M Krishnappa.The raids follow the first information report (FIR) filed by Lokayukta police on January 30 against Krishnappa and his son and Govindarajanagar MLA Priya Krishna in an assets case filed in the Lokayukta court by a lawyer SP Prakash from Rajajinagar. The lawyer accused Krishnappa's wife Priyadarshini and another son Pradeep of holding assets disproportionate to their known sources of income.The raid was conducted by four separate teams of Lokayukta police. Two of the MLA's offices in High Point on Palace Road, Lakshmi Narasimha Enterprises on fifth and ninth floor were searched. Two houses, one at Service Road in Vijayanagar, and the residence of Ashok Gowda at ML Corner Service Road in Vijayanagar were also raided.Additional director general of police (Lokayukta) HNS Rao told TOI that documents relating to properties owned by the family runs into several pages and it'll take over a month to complete the inventory.\"From Krishnappa's house, we unearthed cash of Rs 7.11 lakh, 8kg silver articles and 1kg gold ornaments. Besides this, household articles, electronic gadgets and cars are being valued. From Ashok Gowda's house, we found documents relating to business held by the accused and his family,\" he said.Raids at the offices yielded documents relating to bank accounts, windmills, Mercedes Benz cars, maps of various housing layouts the MLA and his family members were developing, the officer said.TAX RAID ON INDUSTRIALISTIncome Tax officials conducted raids on RN Shetty Group of Companies in Hubli on Thursday morning. Officials also raided Shetty's Bangalore residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11920512", "title": "High court of Kerala rejects plea of street vendors", "text": "KOCHI: A petition challenging the eviction of street vendors was turned down by the Kerala high court on Thursday.Turning down the petition filed by the Kerala State Street Vendors Co-ordination Samithi, a division bench of acting chief justice Manjula Chellur and justice V Chitambaresh ruled that relief sought by the petitioner falls outside the jurisdiction of the court.Street vendors had contended that Kochi corporation was hurrying with eviction before the rules related to the National Policy of Urban Street Vendors, 2009 comes into force on June 30 this year.They had also pointed out that the apex court had ordered for maintaining a status quo in eviction of street vendors as an earlier order by the court has not been implemented by the government.Declining to interfere, the division bench at the high court ruled that the petitioner has to approach the apex court as the rules being challenged have to be framed by the central government and the order being violated is that of the supreme court.In the petition, street vendors had highlighted the decision of the apex court in Sodan Singh vs New Delhi Municipal Corporation that held that street vending is a fundamental right and it is the duty of the government to impose reasonable restrictions on street vending in the interest of the general public.HC grants police cover for rubber processing plantA rubber processing plant at Thrissur was granted police protection by the Kerala high court after its owner approached the court with a petition alleging locals set the plant on fire for denial of employment.Division bench of acting chief justice Manjula Chellur and justice PR Ramachandra Menon directed police to provide protection to Velakode Rubber and Reclaims Pvt Ltd after the plant's owner KK Ibrahim from Mudickal in Ernakulam moved the court for protection.In the petition, the owner of the plant had alleged that a loss of Rs 35 lakh occurred when the plant was set on fire by locals after their claim to employment was denied.Based on allegations by locals that the plant is polluting nearby water sources, panchayat had cancelled the plant's permit.The owner of the plant approached the court alleging that work is being obstructed while the issue over permit is still under consideration of the high court in another petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "11921113", "title": "'Abhiraj' strikes a chord with papa", "text": "MODEL TOWN: For businessman Gaurav Puri of Model Town, naming his first son was not just another ritual but a lot more important decision personally. He wanted his son to carry a name with a lot of meaning and resonance in it.And he did not hesitate a moment or think twice when he spotted 'Abhiraj' (a fearless king) on the internet during his search.Gaurav's intuition regarding this name is so strong that he announced his choice even while his friends and relatives were coining their suggestions. The Puri family has a tradition to announce the name of a newborn within 13 days of the birth and relatives start pouring in their best names to the parents of the child. Even priests are roped in to figure out the astrologically suitable letter to begin the name with.After Abhiraj's birth the priest suggested the name should start with 'D' but the dad had already known what his son would be called and couldn't think of any better name with 'D'. Gaurav and Anjali became mom and dad on December 4, 2011. Anjali was recovering after delivery at her parents' place when they came up with 10 names starting with 'D'. But, Gaurav didn't even wish to swap his choice for the tradition that calls for the 'bua' (aunt) of the kid to name him/her.Gaurav said, \"I like the sound of names starting with 'A' so, I was looking for names starting with this letter. Abhiraj, a fearless king, has such meaning and sound to it which made me stop my search right there.'' \"We were a confused lot as everyone in the joint family we live, came up with wonderful suggestions and we weren't able to pick out one. Gaurav's suggestion ended the confusion as we all liked it,'' said Anjali, Abhiraj's mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11921344", "title": "Maharashtra civic polls: Election candidates take voters for a ride", "text": "MUMBAI: Candidates, including independents, went out of their way to lure voters till the eleventh hour. Sources in the eastern and western suburbs said liquor flowed like water (or better than water in some areas). While cash was the next best incentive to attract poor voters, some candidates came up with innovative ideas, like decorating kitchen space or sprucing up wardrobes.A party activist in the eastern suburbs said, \"In one slum, a candidate surprised everyone a few days back by replacing utensils in most homes. The slum-dwellers can now boast of stainless steel dinner plates, bowls, glasses and cutlery.\" In some hutments , women got saris, while children were gifted toys and chocolate boxes, sources said.\"All this was done secretly and voters were requested not to make it public,\" said a national party candidate . He alleged that a rival, who owns a beer bar, had kept it open illegally till late at night. \"Liquor was flowing freely for voters . And, there was more promised to them if they ensured the candidate wins,\" he stated. Party agents were instructed to go to housing societies and convince people to vote. \"We arranged car drops for voters living in housing societies,\" said a BJP worker from Mulund.In the Parel-Worli stretch, parties went out of their way to woo voters to booths. At the Premnagar slum in Worli, first-time voter Shameem Chaudhary diligently waited for taxis arranged by the Shiv Sena . \"I went to a booth, but since my name was missing I couldn't vote. Now, they will take me to the right voting booth,\" she said.A Congress candidate told TOI that rivals were trying to lure voters since morning with free auto and taxi rides to polling booths, a breakfast of jalebis and samosas, a lunch of biryani, puri bhaji and sweets, and a gala dinner in some slum pockets.TOI witnessed the distribution of biryani outside booths at Sangharsh Nagar, a slum rehabilitation area in Saki Naka. The 12 booths at Sangharsh Nagar wore a festive look as party agents struck deals with voters at every nook and corner. \"We have been getting free lunch for the past few days. It has almost been like a festival for us. At the same time, they have made many promises. We hope they will fulfill them,\" said a resident of Sangharsh Nagar.India Against Corruption has been keeping a vigil on candidates violating the code of conduct. Preeti Sharma Menon said, \"Our volunteers saw a candidate distributing cash at a slum in Kherwadi. But supporters of the political party intimidated our volunteers and the police did not register a complaint.\"State election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan said, \"There are some complaints received against candidates luring voters with sops. We are not looking into these complaints right now as the results are yet to be declared . But we will certainly probe the allegations once the results are announced and take action, if required.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11919777", "title": "Aviation company told to refund fee", "text": "CHANDIGARH: He had big dreams of joining a leading airline after completing cabin crew course and also paid a hefty fee to a Mumbai-based aviation company. But all dreams were shattered after he was left in lurch following the completion of the course.However, he approached the consumer forum and the accused company has been directed to refund part of his fees amount. Besides, a fine has also been imposed on the company. \"I had taken admission in a one-year diploma course of Professional Cabin Crew Service (DPCC) at Avalon Aviation Academy in 2008 and paid the total fees of Rs 1,10,225. The academy gave me a placement guarantee and said in failure to do so they would refund 50% of the fee, but the company could not get me placed as cabin crew,\" said Mohammad Anwar Malik, a resident of Sector 46.After hearing the arguments, the forum has directed the academy to pay Rs 55,112, along with 9% interest from June 2009. Besides, the company has also been directed to pay Rs 7,000 as costs of litigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11925887", "title": "Celebs at Anjanna Kuthiala' arty do", "text": "An eclectic mix of people attended artist Anjanna Kuthiala's sneak preview of her paintings. A tribute to women's strength, the exhibition saw Avantika Malik walk in with her mother Vandana Malik.Shraddha Das, Pooja Bedi , Arjan Bajwa, Suchitra Pillai, Bunty Grewal, Pria Kataaria Puri , Reshma Merchant, Roopa Vohra, Kunika Singh and Lucky Morani among others attended the do. Sky and Bunty were seen catching up with each other. Avantika was overheard sharing her diet tips with her friends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11919079", "title": "Few exercised Section 49-o and with difficulty", "text": "NAGPUR: In the midst of moderate turnout for Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) polls on Thursday, a handful of the voters exercised the option of \"Section 49-o\" provided to them under Conduct of Elections Rules, 1961. All of them faced difficulties in convincing the polling officers in letting them use this section which says \"I vote for nobody.\"A voter from Jail Ward exercised this option at Government Chitrakala Mahavidyalaya. However, the unaware polling officials asked him to press \"null\" button instead of asking him to write \"I don't want to vote for any candidate\" in front of his name. Though the officials there refused to part with his name, they confirmed that female voter was asked to press the null button.Lawyer Pruthu Abhyankar and his wife Vishakha too faced difficulties. Both of them were allotted different centres. While the husband's name was at Saraswati Vidyalaya, wife's centre was at Geological Survey of India ( GSI) office. \"After I signed on the register and told them that I want to use Section 49-o, the poling officer was surprised and consulted the seniors. They told me to again write on a paper that I have opted for Section 49-o along with my ward no, voter list serial no, full name. This clearly indicates that polling officials were not made aware of this option,\" he said. At the other centre, his wife was told to press a button on EVM.First time voter Rishikesh Kadhao wanted to exercise this option but the party activists and polling officials told him that no such option was available this time. Therefore, he opted to vote for a less known candidate. \"Our group of friends were discussing using this option. But then cast our vote after initial confusion,\" he said.NMC commissioner Sanjiv Jaiswal told TOI that he had received information about three voters in Laxmi Nagar Zone having exercised this option. \"Information about such voters from entire city is difficult to collect at this moment,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11918704", "title": "Wife strangled over financial feud", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 20-year-old woman was killed by her husband at their residence in Odhav on Wednesday night. The husband then turned himself in at Bapunagar police station.Odhav police said, Jeetendra Gupta, 22, a resident of Saurashtra Society near Khodiarnagar in Odhav, was living with his wife Ranjana. The couple was married for a year. Gupta was earlier involved in an embroidery business and was running his own unit. However, six months ago he sold the unit off to pay his creditors and had contacted his brother-in-law Mithilesh, an autorickshaw driver.\"Mithilesh involved him in the auto business and also got him an auto. However, Jeetendra was at home for the past six days as a leg injury prevented him from going to work. As per his statement, his wife used to prod him about money and used to compare him with her brother. On the fateful night, she demanded money for household expenses. When Jeetendra expressed his inability, she taunted him and said that she would get it from her brother,\" said an Odhav police official.An enraged Jeetendra beat her up. He then took a black scarf and strangled Ranjana with it. He released her after a while but Ranjana had died by then. After his anger receded, Jeetendra repented his act and started off on a bike. He then went to Bapunagar police station and told personnel on duty that he had killed his wife.\"After getting details of his residence, Bapunagar police approached us. We sent a team on the spot and found Ranjana's body. We arrested him from the spot for the murder,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11919868", "title": "Salim's hospital flat turned into SNCU", "text": "KOLKATA: It served as CPM MP Mohammed Salim's wife Rosina Khatun's quarters for more than 20 years. That was till chief minister Mamata Banerjee stumbled upon it and sought it to be reclaimed by the Chittaranjan Shishu Sadan during a stormy visit last May.Now, the 3,800 sq ft space on the second floor of the hospital is set to be converted into a plush sick new born care unit (SNCU) - one of the 26 that the state will have. But it will take another six months for the \"flat\" to be converted into a \"ward\".Construction has started but it has been slow, admitted the hospital authorities. It's proving to be difficult since walls and partitions need to be pulled down, making sure that the other parts of the building are not affected. \"The job is difficult since we need to virtually reconstruct the entire portion. It could take another three-four months at least for the work to be done. Then, we shall have to acquire the equipment and install them. Tenders will have to be invited and the process is yet to start,\" said a hospital official.To be armed with 16 beds, the SNCU will be the fourth one in Kolkata. SSKM Hospital, BC Roy Children's Hospital and MR Bangur Hospital already have SNCUs. It would help to improve babycare and treatment in the city, said Tridib Banerjee, chairman of the task force for infant mortality. \"The space will be properly used now. We are taking steps to ensure that the work is completed as fast as possible,\" said Banerjee.Before Salim started residing at the portion, it used to serve as a dormitory for house staff and MD students. \"The groundwork is on and it has to continue for a few more months. An SNCU has an intricate design and we must accommodate AC machines and eke out enough space for equipment like warmers. We are trying to hurry it up but the procedural formalities are beyond our control,\" the official explained.Tenders for the SNCU equipment will be called by the National Rural Health Mission and the West Bengal Medical Service Corporation. The hospital has 60 beds along with a 10-bed Neo-natal Intensive Care Unit.A part of the terrace will be incorporated into the ward. \"We also need major structural changes, modifications and an elevator for the SNCU. These will take some more time,\" said Banerjee. Around Rs 1 crore is being spent for the SNCU, a part of which will come from an MP LAD fund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11919182", "title": "Three-day Konkani fest starts today", "text": "MUMBAI: A three-day celebration of the Konkani language gets under way at Shivaji Park on Friday.The All India Konkani Parishad has organized a series of lectures, poetry readings and cultural shows at Veer Savarkar Sabhagriha. For the first time in 17 years, the festival moves to Mumbai from other Konkani-speaking states like Goa, Karnataka and Kerala.\"We are collaborating with Amee Goenkar institution to cultivate a love for Konkani language and culture among our people,\" said spokesperson Kamalaksha Saraf. \"Fortunately, the young generation is not averse to speaking Konkani at home. Parents make a conscious effort to teach them the language so we do not have to worry on that score.\"From February 17 through 19, there will be five sessions, each conducted by academicians and artistes from across the country. A discussion on education by Dr Mohan Pai will be followed by a 'kavi sammelan' spread over two days that will be helmed by Ravindra Kelekar and Aruna Rao. The rangbhoomi or theatre session will feature prominent stage director Pundalik Naik of Goa, while children will take the centre stage at the cultural programmes each evening over the three days.The event is open to members of the public and will be rounded off by a lavish Konkani spread every night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11920504", "title": "Dip in population raises concern: Demographers", "text": "KOCHI: If the results of the census is anything to go by, it is high time Kerala revised its family planning policy as the state may register negative population growth in the next two or three decades. Demographers point out that the sliding population will have far reaching consequences as human resources of the state which has already registered a dip will come down drastically. if plans to prevent such a situation are not devised.Even while the country's population is growing at fast pace, the 2011 census reveals that the population growth of the state is very low and it is negative in two districts. While the rate of population growth in four districts is very low, eight districts registered only nominal growth. \"Given the slow pace of population growth, the state may register negative growth in the next two or three decades.According to the census, the general fertility in Kerala is 1.8 which means that many of the couples have only one child,\" said Irudayarajan, professor, Centre for Development Studies (CDS).According to the census results, Pathanamthitta and Idukki registered negative annual population growth in 2001-2011 periods of 3.12 and 1.93 respectively. \"The fall in number of children below the age of 10 causes more concern. The fall in percentage of children in the age group in Idukki and Pathanamthitta in the last decade is 23.91% and 25.44% respectively. This is an alarming situation so far as Kerala's socio-economic development is concerned,\" said Dr Aneesh, assistant professor, community medicine, Thiruvananthapuram Medical College.While the population in the country is growing very fast at 1.54% annually, the annual population growth of the state is just 0.48%. which is very low.Only Malappuram district in the state recorded a fast growth in population.As the state is already facing a crunch in human resources, Kerala is relying upon workforce from other states to bridge the gap. \"Presently, the crunch in human resources may not reflect immediately as the migrant population, which is aplenty, cater to Kerala's needs,\" Irudayarajan said. \"In the absence of proper planning, population growth may reflect on all sectors. Now the population growth in Kerala is same with that of Italy,\" he said.In developed countries, depletion in human resources has even pulled back development activities. But economists in the state are of the opinion that the current situation can be turned in Kerala's favour by adopting plans which suit the situation. \"The demographic transition or low rate of population can be used for the benefit of the state, provided the authorities use it properly. We should redesign our plans accordingly. Now, we must make maximum use of our human resources such that everybody can get access to education and opportunities,\" said T P Kunhikannan, economist.Total population- 3,33,87,677Men - 1,73,66,387Women - 1,60,21,290Gender ratio - 1,084 women for 1,000 men", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11919338", "title": "Mentorship lesson for weathermen", "text": "RANCHI: Understanding the need for dissemination of technical know-how to field workers engaged in different kinds of development activities, the department of personnel and training (DoPT), Government of India, is organizing threeday mentorship training programmes for trainers.Birsa Agriculture University (BAU) in Ranchi has been selected for training weathermen under master trainer geologist and psychologist OP Dwivedi, working with the DoPT. Coordinator for the training programme, RA Singh from India Meteorological Department (IMD), New Delhi, and head, department of agrophysics and meteorology at BAU A Wadood are conducting the three-day mentorship programme.Wadood said that 12 experts in the field of weather forecasting, education and executives from three eastern India states are participating in the training programme. \"Three from Bhuvaneshwar, three from Patna and three from Ranchi are attending the mentorship programme to further disseminate skills at the lower level,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11920767", "title": "Clerk murder gives opposition ammunition to attack Maya", "text": "LUCKNOW: The murder of a health department clerk in Lakhimpur, possibly in connection with the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam, has given the opposition the ammunition it needed to attack Mayawati as she battles strong anti-incumbency and serious corruption charges.In Rae Bareli, Priyanka Gandhi accused the Mayawati government of misusing funds meant for improving health facilities in the state. BJP spokesperson Ravishankar Prasad said, \"The larger issue is the liability of Mayawati herself as the chief minister.\"For the common man, the murder is a grim reminder of official corruption and related crime. A CAG estimate has put the misuse at Rs 5,700 crore. It's such large-scale theft that has left UP's healthcare system in a shambles.For instance, huge anomalies were detected in the Janani Suraksha Yojna (JSY), the flagship scheme of NRHM in which Rs 1,400 is given to woman for post-delivery care. While many women were asked to bribe for financial assistance, money was also siphoned off through fake entries. Payments were made without supply of medicines and equipment. Villagers have to reach district headquarters during emergency because of absence of medical staff in primary health centres. Death rate due to delay in treatment is high.\"Every year there are 10 to 15 deaths of mothers and infants because there is no healthcare in a 20-km area,\" said Shahjahan of Asti village in Bakshi Ka Talab block in Lucknow. The primary health centre was constructed here two years ago in Jalalpur village near Asti but it hasn't been inaugurated. The villagers also said they had to pay a bribe of Rs 500 to avail of the Rs 14,000 scheme at the community health centre of Bakhsi Ka Talab.\"If the situation in Lucknow is bad, it's worse in other parts of UP. In the interiors, people know that there is some 'NRHM ghotala'. But the bigger issue is how to save their lives,\" said Madhu Garg, a social activist been working with poor women across the state. Shyam in Harra village of Sonbhadra agreed. He complained that hundreds of people are suffering from tuberculosis and silicosis due to pollution from illegal stone mining and crushing but the nearest hospital is 50 km away. \"We are told money has been sanctioned for healthcare but it has not reached us in villages,\" he said.People blame BSP for not providing basic health services. \"Mayawati expelled family welfare minister Babu Singh Kushwaha holding him responsible for the NRHM scam. BJP inducted Kushwaha. Congress is accused of 2G scam. These things don't matter to the poor because the corruption they face daily is a bigger issue. Do you think those who lost their dear ones due to lack of health services will forgive the government?\" asked Ashish, a rickshaw union leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "11918533", "title": "Shooter from state shines at international event", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Odia shooter Shriyanka Sadangi has added another feather to her cap by winning two silver medals at the Arab Women shooting championship held in Sharjah recently.Sriyanka got the medals in both individual and team events. She scored 395 points out of 400 points and secured the second position in the open category. A month back, she won a silver medal at the 12th Asian Shooting championship held in Doha (Qatar).Daughter of Colonel Sitanshu Sadangi and Sudha Sadangi of Modipara in Sambalpur town, Shriyanka, at present lives in New Delhi.\"We decided to train her in shooting as she was interested in it right from her childhood. She began her training under eminent shooters. We feel proud of her,\" Shriyanka's mother Sudha Sadangi told TOI on Thursday.She said Shriyanka had received two gold medals at the Haryana State Rifle Championship in August, 2011. Her first international competition was in 2010, when she represented India in the world shooting Championship held in Munich (Germany). Shriyanka also won a gold medal at the Asian Air-gun championship held in Kuwait in October 2011, her mother added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11923100", "title": "A bold flick 'Charuulata 2011' to hit Tollywood", "text": "Chaiti is friends with Sanjay. On a social networking site, that is. Chaiti resides in Kolkata, while the latter stays in London. In the course of time, Sanjay comes down to the city, the two meet up and eventually, their relationship culminates in sex.The film in question, SPS Arts and Entertainment Ltds 'Charuulata 2011'. Produced by Bipin Kumar Vohra and directed by Agnidev Chatterjee, the film borders on the bold and the sensual.Agreed that there is a thin line separating the sensual from the vulgar, one wonders how Agnidev managed to be aesthetic about the intimate scenes on screen.The director, on his part, reasons, \"For me, sex is a form of emotion and specially speaking, its the purest form of emotion.Whatever sensuality or sex has been depicted in the film is totally in keeping with the demands of the script. Let me clarify that we have not incorporated anything to titillate the viewer.\"Agnidev too agrees that there is a thin line demarcating eroticism and pornography. But its left to the individual as to how he will depict intimacy on celluloid. \"How I have done it is a mirror of mine or for that matter any directors sense of aesthetics.\"Dibyendu, who plays Sanjay, asserts that a film might have bold scenes but if canned aesthetically, the person who is watching the film, either in the confines of his room or in a theatre, doesnt feel awkward. Coming back to this film, the relationship between Chaiti and Sanjay called for such sequences. And the director has captured them beautifully.Ask him if as an actor, he felt uncomfortable getting intimate on screen at any point of time and Dibyendu says, \"I had no problem shooting the scenes. My first film, which also has pretty bold scenes, served as a training ground. Sob inhibitions chole gechhilo . 'Charuulata 2011' will see me in a major role. If I dont look experienced and professional as an actor and fail to perform, then such sequences come across as cheap.The truth is, if Hollywood can be aesthetic about similar sequences, why can't Tollywood?\"Rituparna Sengupta is Chaiti and she is of the opinion that the film is adult in content but far from being vulgar. She says, \"It is a sensitively sensuous film, where the lovemaking scenes have been aesthetically shot, thanks to Agnidev. Elaborating her character she adds, \"It's a different kind of passion coming from a woman, where she is liberating herself mentally and physically.The film is about womens liberation, stressing that a woman can also have her needs and a mind of her own. It is a celebration of woman power.\"The film is all set to hit the screens on March 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11916620", "title": "'Who says our fate will change?'", "text": "VARANASI: While the fate of the contestants of UP assembly election in the eastern UP has been sealed in the electronic voting machines for the first three phases, the fate of voters would depend on the result of the elections. But, most are skeptical about the winning candidates bringing any positive change.\"Aam adami ke bhagya ke bare mein kya baat karte hain, sabhi janate hain ki sirf unka bhagya balata hai jo chunav jitate hain (Don't talk about common man's fate, everyone knows that only the fate of winning leaders changes),\" is the instant reply that comes from an elderly person in Azamgarh district during the coverage of assembly election in the region. According to him, there is nothing much to rejoice or to expect as ordinary people like him have been facing hardships for a long time. \"We can just hope for slight improvement, nothing more,\" he said.His reaction clearly indicates the increasing wealth of politicians and public representatives. The report of the Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) and Uttar Pradesh Election Watch (UPEW) also suggested that the average asset growth of the re-contesting MLAs in the third phase of UP assembly election was Rs 4,41,62,607. The average percentage growth in assets for those MLA was 310%. There were 35 such re-contesting MLAs in the third phase of election. The average asset of those MLAs as declared in 2007 was Rs 1,42,63,643 while the figure became Rs 5,84,26,250 in 2012.Besides poverty the region also has poor infrastructure and civic amenities. The roads in most parts of the districts including Deoria, Azamgarh, Ballia, Ghazipur, Jaunpur, Sant Ravidas Nagar (Bhadohi), Sonbhadra and Varanasi are in poor state. The frequent and long power cuts make for a major problem in most of these parts. The industry, particularly the small and cottage, is in a shambles.\"We are accustomed to our hardship. Please ask the 'neta' (leaders) to spend a day in actually understanding our problems,\" said a farmer Ramjeevan of Jaunpur district. A journey on the road connecting Jaunpur to Bhadohi proves to be a nightmare. Similar is the condition of roads connecting Ghosi to Ballia and Azamgarh to Deoria. The Sonbhadra district, which generates power and revenue, has the worst roads in this region.For a man like Ramjeevan, a native of Jaunpur, the leaders are responsible for the backwardness of eastern UP. The poverty and backwardness of this region is an old issue. For the first time the MP from Ghazipur, Vishwanath Singh Gahmari, had raised the issue of poverty in the eastern region of UP in the Parliament in 1962. The then Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru had constituted a commission to study the socio-economic backwardness of the region and prepare a detailed report. The report of the Patel Commission was submitted in 1964, but it was shelved with other files. Since then many governments ruled the Centre and state, but no significant change came to the life of common man of this region. Now, it is upon the new government in the state after the completion of assembly elections to address people's problems.The main problems of the region are that most of the sugar mills in Deoria and other districts are closed, Gorakhpur fertilizer factory is closed, silk industry is in a crisis, the region faces power shortage, though it produces about 12,000 MW electricity.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11924551", "title": "Maharashtra civic polls: Mayor, Deputy Mayor lose in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: In an upset, ruling BJP's outgoing Mayor Archana Dehankar and Deputy Mayor Shekhar Sawarbandhe of Shiv Sena have lost to Congress nominees in their respective seats, as counting of votes for Nagpur Municipal Corporation is underway.Congress candidates Harshada Sabde and Prashant Dhawad defeated Dehankar and Sawarbandhe respectively.Out of 36 seats for which results are out, BJP has won 19, Congress 10, BSP, Shiv Sena 2 each, NCP and MNS one each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11918478", "title": "Orphanage: Fund flow choked", "text": "NEW DELHI: Municipal Corporation of Delhi has decided to stop all financial aid to the Arya Anathalaya, following reports of child abuse there. Mayor Rajni Abbi has directed the community service department of the civic agency to prepare a detailed report on the orphanage. What's more, even admissions to the overcrowded orphanage have been frozen.For the last few years, the civic agency, on an average, has been paying Rs 50 lakh annually as grant-in-aid through quarterly instalments.It was paying at the rate of Rs 500 for every child. In 2010-11, MCD paid Rs 53 lakh to the trust. Of this amount, the Arya Bal Grah received Rs 35,23,633 while the Arya Kanya Sadan received Rs 17,13,684. A similar amount was sanctioned in this financial year, too.\"We have been giving grant-in-aid to Arya orphanage for the past few years. It is one of the oldest trusts working in the city. But after reports of child abuse, I have directed the community service department to stop the last instalment for this financial year. I've asked the department to prepare a detailed report on this orphanage,\" said Abbi.But in a double whammy for the orphanage, P P Dhal, the Delhi government-appointed administrator, reacted strongly to the controversy on Thursday by announcing a freeze in fresh admissions to the orphanage.He has asked the Child Welfare Committee and specialised counsellors to reach out to the 1,000-odd children starting Friday to assess their mental and physical wellbeing.The administrator has also decided to get a medical check-up done on all the boys and girls there within one week to ensure that no case of abuse remains undetected.At least six counsellors will be on the job on Friday. Dhal has also sought a list of children and staff, detailing their duties, functions and responsibilities.CWC chairperson Sushma Vij, who visited the orphanage on Thursday, said the Committee is working on putting together an action plan for proper management of the institution.\"Decongesting the premises is critical. The institution is not equipped to handle over 1,000 children. A proper roadmap is required and we will start visiting the orphanage and meeting children from Friday,\" Vij added.For the MCD, however, the orphanage controversy has come as a wake-up call.It gives out close to Rs 10 crore as grant-in-aid to various NGOs, orphanages and the like. According to civic officials, the MCD investigates about the organization before releasing the grant; but nothing is done to track the progress of the grantee: if the organization is doing any good work.\"We are going to ensure that our officials pay surprise visits to all such organizations, especially orphanages, and check their functioning. We have to be sure that the money given by MCD is utilized properly,\" said Abbi.In 2010-11, 227 NGOs and other organizations working for the welfare of community were given funds varying from Rs 10,000 to Rs 35 lakh.In 2009-10, MCD gave close to Rs 19 crore as grants-in-aid to close to 209 NGOs and 45 public primary schools. But due to the poor monitoring system, MCD has little idea where the money was spent.\"What is the point of giving them so much money when we don't even know where it was spent?\" said a councillor.On Thursday, TOI had reported overcrowding and mismanagement at the institution.The TOI team had found congested dormitories with an average occupancy of over 40 children, two children cramped on a single bed for want of space, and many children sleeping on piles of dirty bedding. About 700 boys, 27 of them above the age of 18, and 311 girls were found living in the same complex.Earlier on Monday, the CWC had asked police to lodge cases against those staffers responsible for children, who became victims of sexual abuse and neglect. Three cases of abuse have been identified so far by the CWC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11919146", "title": "SSB jawan commits suicide at Maner", "text": "PATNA: A Sashastra Seema Bal (SSB) jawan, Abhishek Ranjan, committed suicide by shooting himself from his service rifle inside a military van at Maner under the Maner police station in Patna district on Thursday. Police said Ranjan, a jawan of SSB 28th battalion, shot himself when his colleagues came out of the van near a tea shop. Police said Ranjan, a native of Katihar district, and other SSB jawans were on way to Bhopal from Araria. Danapur SDPO Anil Kumar said that senior SSB officials reached the spot and took the body to the SSB headquarters at Rupuspur, Patna. The motive behind the suicide is being investigated, the SDPO added.Accident: One Kumhar Rai died when the three-wheeler on which he was travelling dashed against a stranded truck at Narbada under the Sahpur police station in Patna district. Danapur SDPO Anil Kumar said that the auto-driver escaped.Woman robbed: A housewife, Reena Devi of Phulwari, was relieved of her belongings at Danapur station on Thursday evening when she was waiting outside Danapur station around 5.30 pm to board a vehicle for going home. According to her, when her handbag containing Rs 6,000 fell on the ground near Danapur station portico, a man in police uniform picked it up and fled away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11920959", "title": "Nomophobia: Fear of life without mobiles sweeping Britain", "text": "LONDON: No doubt, cell phones have become a necessity in today's world. But, a large number of Britons are now suffering from 'nomophobia' - the fear of being separated from their mobile, says a new study.Researchers have found that two in three mobile users are terrified of being without their phone and the number has actually risen from 53% to 66% in the past four years, the Daily Mail reported . Young adults suffer the most, according to the study based on a survey of 1,000 employees.Among those aged 18 to 24, 77% were nomophobic. By comparison, 62% of those aged 55 and over fear losing their phones, while 59% of 35 to 44-year-olds were found to be nomophobic.The study, commissioned by SecurEnvoy, revealed that women worried about losing their phones more than men - 70% of the women surveyed were nomophobic, compared with 61% of men. And 41% of those polled had two phones or more in an effort to stay connected.When asked if they'd be upset if a partner looked at the messages and texts on their phone, almost half said that they would.Andy Kemshall of SecurEnvoy said, \"The first study into nomophobia, conducted four years ago, revealed that 53% of people suffered from the condition and our study reveals this has now risen to 66% in the UK and shows no sign of abating.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11918451", "title": "Mamata shares Naveen's concern over anti-terror body", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha government has found support from West Bengal in its opposition to the Centre's plan to give wide ranging powers to the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) without consulting the states.West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Thursday informed her Odisha counterpart Naveen Patnaik that she had written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , seeking review and withdrawal of the February 3 order of the ministry of home affairs (MHA) on organization, function and powers of NCTC formed in the Intelligence Bureau, sources said. Interestingly, Mamata has sent a copy of her February 14 letter to Naveen.This followed Naveen's telephonic discussion with Mamata on NCTC on Monday after writing to the Prime Minister in which he had accused the Congress-led UPA government of infringing upon the rights of state governments, and demanded withdrawal of the MHA order on NCTC.Terming the order \"draconian\", Naveen said the order vests powers in NCTC, which appear to be an \"infringement upon the powers of state governments in matters of investigation and maintenance of order\".\"The people of our nation are aware of their democratic and federal rights, which at times have to be underlined by state governments to the Centre. After all, the price of democratic freedom is eternal vigilance. It would seem that the UPA government, at times, knowingly or unknowingly, infringes upon those federal rights,\" Naveen added.Echoing similar sentiments, Mamata, in her letter to PM, said, \"The order appears to be an infringement upon the powers of state governments in matters of investigation and maintenance of order.\"Though an ally of the UPA, Mamata responding to Naveen's call for opposition to the Centre's plan on NCTC has sparked speculation about a new equationat the national level, ahead of the 2014 Lok Sabha elections. Naveen has not only contacted Tamil Nadu chief minister and AIADMK supremo J Jayalatithaa and former Andhra Pradesh CM and TDP president N Chandrababu Naidu to raise their voices against NCTC, but, enthused over unofficial trends suggesting a BJD landslide victory in the panchayat polls, also publicly expressed the need for an alternative front to fight the \"thoroughly discredited\" and \"scam-ridden\" UPA and \"communally tainted\" NDA..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "11920583", "title": "Snow decline in Lahaul sparks global warming fears", "text": "MANALI: Contrary to the heavy snowfall in Himachal Pradesh , the snow desert of the state -- Lahaul-Spiti -- has received negligible snow this year, triggering global warming fears in the Himalayan regions. Minimum 15 feet of snowfall is normal in the district every year but it did not snow beyond 5 feet this time.According to residents, they had been noticing a drop in density of snowfall since late 70s. \"Our ancestors had started celebrating Fagli festival in February wherein all family and relatives met and made sure they could cope with the harsh winters. But now things have changed,\" said a resident of Pattan valley, Balbir Kirpu. It is surprising that other areas of Himachal, south of the Rohtang Pass , have received thick snowfall, some after 50-60 years.Tashi Angrup of the valley said, \"The transportation was never affected and all internal routes in Lahaul are clear of snow. This is very strange.\"Experts say that such climate changes are taking place due to global warming. A scientist at Govind BallabhPant Institute of Himalayan Environment and Development, Dr J C Kuniyal, said, \"It is the environment imbalance that caused variations in snowfall. Increasing population, arbitrary construction and pollution can be the reason.\"Kuniyal and his team are studying the changing behaviour of aerosol particles suspended in the air, for many years. Aerosols are responsible for warming or cooling of the atmosphere. He said the pollution has increased the heat absorption capacity of the aerosol causing global warming.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11919040", "title": "Pregnant woman tests positive for swine flu in Jodhpur", "text": "JAIPUR: A pregnant woman has tested positive for swine flu in Jodhpur. It is the seventh case of the disease this winter and the woman has been admitted to the MDM Hospital here.The hospital authorities have kept her in the isolation ward to ensure that it does not spread.Jodhpur chief medical and health officer Dr R C Mathur said, \"The condition of the patient is improving. She is all right as the doctors have started treatment after diagnosis.\"The patient is a resident of Sursagar area of Jodhpur. She was brought to the hospital early this week with symptoms of swine flu. After tests, the doctors confirmed on Wednesday that she has swine flu.So far this winter, seven persons with swine flu were admitted to the MDM Hospital. Four of them belonged to Jodhpur and two are from Pali and one from other district. In the beginning of January, a swine flu patient died which alerted the health department.An official of the district said instructions had been issued last month to all district hospitals and community health centres in Jodhpur and Pali to screen patients with symptoms of swine flu.After the positive cases were detected, the medical, health and family welfare department started screening for swine flu in the area from where the patients came. The department claimed that the situation is not alarming. It also claimed that the officials remained alert and succeeded in controlling the disease throughout winter which is conducive for the spread of the disease.The official said tamiflu, the medicine for swine flu, is available in ample quantity and it is being provided free of cost to the patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11918716", "title": "'Train lensmen to click better crime snaps'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Irked by a \"highly unprofessional work\" done by the photographers of Delhi Police, a trial court has asked the Delhi police commissioner to \"formulate a specific training course for photographers and other crime team members in consonance with the best practices adopted by pivotal investigating agencies the world over.\"Stating that the lensmen of Delhi Police crime team \"do not know what to click and from which angle\", Additional Sessions Judge Surinder S Rathi emphasized on the need for vigorous training to ensure that \"highly unprofessional work\" may not lead to \"serious miscarriage of justice.\"The court's remark came while acquitting six persons in a 2007 murder case for want of sufficient evidence and due to poor investigation. Lamenting the poor works of photographers at a crime scene, the court noted that none of the five photographs on record helped the trial as the crime team had not taken even a single snap of the actual site or of the deceased showing the details of the injuries suffered by him.The judge also asked why the crime team, or its photographer, did not visit the hospital or the mortuary to take photographs of the deceased so that the court could have a clear view of the nature of the injuries. Make digital cameras a part of the investigating officer's kit so that site plans can be accompanied with photographs of the crime spot, ASJ Rathi suggested.The case pertained to a 2007 murder case. Six west Delhi residents, including a 70-year-old woman, were accused of killing their neighbour for allegedly having an affair with their kin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11918696", "title": "Black money estimates rubbish: Swiss embassy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Strongly denying that Switzerland is a tax haven, Swiss authorities on Thursday issued a statement saying that estimates and statistics in India about money held by Indians in Swiss banks \"lack evidence and are uncorroborated\". The statement follows a comment by CBI chief A P Singh recently that Indians are the \"largest depositors\" in Swiss banks and have stashed $500 billion of black money abroad.\"There have been several speculations about the amount of wealth held by Indians in Swiss banks. Such estimates and statistics lack evidence and are uncorroborated,'' said the statement issued by the Swiss embassy.Minister of State for Personnel V Narayanasamy had recently said that foreign governments were not cooperating with India in getting black money from abroad but the statement denied this. \"The Swiss government has been forthcoming in its cooperation with all foreign governments in cases of tax evasion as well as cases of tax fraud, that have been presented within the framework of bilateral treaties,\" it said.\"By revision of the DTAA, the Swiss government has conceded to administrative assistance also in cases of tax evasion. This is completely in line with the current international standard as stipulated in the OECD Model Tax Convention on Income and Capital, Article 26.Swiss law makes a distinction between tax fraud and tax evasion,'' it added.The earlier DTAA between India and Switzerland did not include tax evasion, but only tax fraud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11919916", "title": "Police remand for Sanjay Mohan", "text": "KANPUR: District and sessions judge of Ramabai Nagar Ali Zamin ordered police on Thursday to take Madhyamik Shiksha Parishad director Sanjay Mohan on remand for two days.The Akbarpur police had arrested Sanjay Mohan on February 7 and sought three days police remand. The district government counsel (criminal) submitted that during investigations, it came to light that Mohan was still keeping a sum of Rs 35 lakh and there was involvement of other senior officials in it. Therefore, the police be permitted to take him on remand.The remand would commence from February 17.Mohan was arrested by the Akbarpur police on February 7 from his residence on the GIC campus in Nishat Ganj Lucknow. The police had made him co-accused in TET examination scam and charged him of cheating, criminal conspiracy and Anti-Corruption Act.A sum of Rs 4,86,900 and a photocopy of the list of candidates was recovered from his house. The original list was recovered from a group of seven persons. who were arrested by the Akbarpur police on December 31.The court had fixed February 18 for the disposal of Mohan's bail application.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11921286", "title": "It\u2019s a neck and neck fight in city", "text": "NAGPUR: A peaceful voting with moderate turnout of 56% marked polling for the civic bodies in the three Vidarbha cities of Nagpur, Amravati and Akola on Thursday. In Nagpur the estimated turnout was around 55%, a slight dip from that of 56.29% in 2007 poll for NMC. Counting of votes would be taken up on Friday and results are expected by afternoon.The Congress-NCP alliance claimed that voters in their strongholds had come out in full strength to vote. \"More surprising was that the even in traditional BJP bastions, the Congress candidates got a better response this time. The trend was definitely in our favour and we should win at least 58 seats on our own. If the NCP wins eight to ten seats and the Lokmanch also chips in, we will be in a position to wrest control of the NMC from the BJP-led alliance,\" said AICC general secretary and city MP Vilas Muttemwar who was steering the poll campaign for his party.An estimated voting percentage was 55 left the BJP unhappy. A party spokesman blamed the state election officials for goofing up the voters' list that made exercising the franchise a tedious task. \"Members of one family finding their names in lists of different polling station added to the confusion. At least 10% of our committed voters could not vote because of such difficulties,\" said senior BJP leader of the city.But another BJP leader was quick to add on a positive note that a relatively lower turn out would always favour the BJP-Sena. \"We will romp home with enough numbers,\" summed up state BJP general secretary and city MLA Devendra Fadnavis.BJP national president Nitin Gadkari left the city as soon as the polling time was over, to take a flight to Lucknow where state assembly elections are in progress. Initial reports suggested that several stalwarts of the BJP like outgoing mayor Archana Dehankar and standing committee chief Sandeep Joshi as well as Pravin Datke were in trouble because their supporters did not venture out preferring to enjoy a quiet holiday at home. In sharp contrast, city Congress president Jaiprakash Gupta said the Congress could easily emerge the biggest party with at least 60 seats.However, he conceded, that North Nagpur assembly segment could be a cause of worry as turnout was low there. There are indications that the committed RPI vote instead of transferring to the Congress-NCP, went to some BSP candidates as a mark of protest over Congress roping in new candidates.The BJP-Sena-RPI (A) is hoping that the dent created by the BSP would affect the Congress more and thus indirectly help more BJP candidates to win. BJP sources admitted that voting was poor till 2pm in their strongholds. But they claimed that they mobilized their voters in the second half. All eyes are now on the counting scheduled to start at 9am at 12 civic zones on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11921459", "title": "Stray incidents mar peace on election day", "text": "NAGPUR: City police's strict security arrangements ensured no major disruptions during the civic election on Thursday. Apart from allegations of bogus voting, impersonation and attempt to influence voters, the polling remained peaceful.Police chief Ankush Dhanvijay said, \"Cops had conducted a number of raids the night before, apart from preventive actions, which helped keep the election free and fair.\" The cops booked a car driver ferrying voters to a booth in ward no 66 in Rameshwari other than three cars in Ganeshpeth and one in Gittikhadan.Somesh Rewatkar was caught near Yogi Nagar chowk with four occupants. Though released on bail, he was charged under section 188 of Indian Penal Code (IPC).At Bharat Vidyalaya, there were protests against sitting corporator Parinay Fuke, after some political workers protested against his presence inside the booth. They alleged that the police did not act for a long time. At New Futala Vasti, another section of political workers protested alleged bogus voting by impostors. Ambazari police had to swing into action to prevent a clash. The residents said the police did not act even after they complained about people impersonating genuine voters.There was some stone pelting and mild lathi charge . There was more trouble after Congress contender Padma Uikey from Hilltop ward brought four women voters to Ambazari police station, claiming they were present at the booth to cast bogus votes. However, cops found them to be genuine voters. Police also had to act against a few political supporters creating ruckus near Hotel Hardeo at Sitabuldi.The cops had to diffuse tension at VNIT too, where rival groups came close to clashing since one of the candidates was reportedly trying to influence voters at the booth. The situation in Kalamna too remained tensed after rival groups came to blows over bogus voting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11920254", "title": "In 25 years, man makes third bid to join MBBS, plea nixed", "text": "CHENNAI: A middle-aged man's attempt to do a 'Munna Bhai' came unstuck when the Madras high court refused to ask Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University to admit him to the second year of the MBBS course 25 years after he first joined the course.P Manikavasagam joined MBBS course in 1987-88, but he dropped out the same academic year. Five years later, in September 1993, the university permitted him to rejoin the course. Manikavasagam took eight years to complete the first year. Though he passed in 2001, he did not attend classes after November 2002.Not one to give up, Manikavasagam in 2003 sought permission to rejoin the course. Condoning the break in study on the grounds of ill health and because his parents had met with an accident, the university allowed him to be readmitted in 2004. But the director of medical education took up the matter when Manikavasagam took another break in 2007.The university pointed out that 20 years had already lapsed since he had been admitted to the course. Citing state MBBS regulation 17(a), which says a student cannot be considered for readmission if he incurs more than two breaks in the course, the officials refused to entertain Manikavasagam's application. He challenged the decision in court.When the matter came up for hearing, university counsel Narmadha Sampath submitted that as per revised regulations, the MBBS course of five-and-a-half-year duration, including one year of internship, should be completed within no more than double the duration of the course period, or 11 years.Allowing the submission, Justice Chandru said, \"It is for academic bodies to consider a matter of this nature. The court cannot have any say in directing the university to act in a particular way. Ultimately, it is open to the university to decide the period within which a course has to be completed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-17"}
